===== 2025 Q1  (2025-03-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. The Carnival Corporation & plc conference call will begin momentarily. Again, we thank you for standing by. Please continue to hold. Our conference will begin momentarily. Greetings, and welcome to the Carnival Corporation & plc's Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Beth. You may begin.
Beth Roberts: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by our CEO, Josh Weinstein, our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein, and our chair, Mickey Harrison. Before we begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward looking. Therefore, I will refer you to the forward-looking statement in today's press release. All references to ticket prices, yields, and cruise costs without fuel will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. References to yields will be on a net basis. References to cruise costs without fuel EBITDA, net income, and ROIC will be on an adjusted basis. Unless otherwise stated. All of these references are non-GAAP financial measures defined in our earnings press release. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are also contained in our earnings press release and in our investor presentation. We invite you to visit our corporate website where our earnings press release and investor presentation can be found. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Beth. Once again, we delivered a fantastic quarter. This time, hitting first quarter high watermarks for revenue, EBITDA, EBITDA per ALBD, operating income, and customer deposits. Net income came in more than $170 million better than guidance as we outperformed across the board. Led by incredibly strong demand throughout our portfolio. We achieved a robust 7.3% yield increase smashing our yield guidance. On top of last year's 17% yield improvement. Both ticket and onboard equally outperformed on very strong close-in demand. Which speaks to the strength of our consumer. Unit costs also came in better than expected mainly due to timing between the quarters. This resulted in a near doubling of operating income for the quarter and EBITDA that reached $1.2 billion approaching a 40% year-over-year increase. Operating margins and EBITDA margins each improved over 400 basis points year-over-year with both of these now surpassing 2019 levels. For the full year, and despite heightened macroeconomic and geopolitical volatility since providing our December guidance, we are taking up yields by 0.5 point to 4.7% based on our strong first quarter results while affirming yield expectations for the remainder of the year. In addition, David and our finance team stepped up our refinancing efforts which will bring another approximately $100 million to the bottom line this year alone. Combined, this successful execution has enabled us to take up our earnings guidance for the year by $185 million. 2025 remains on track to be another very strong year for our brands. With yield growth far outpacing historical growth rates and nicely exceeding unit cost growth. Delivering approximately $600 million incrementally to the bottom line. More than a 30% improvement from 2024. And that is essentially flat capacity growth. Achieving our March guidance will also result in reaching both of our 2026 SeaChange financial targets one year early. With ROIC hitting 12%, and EBITDA per ALBD more than 50% higher than just two years ago. Taking each of these two metrics to levels not seen in the better part of 20 years. At the same time, we're also closing in on our 2026 greenhouse gas target, with an over 19% reduction in carbon intensity compared to 2019. We're generating demand well in excess of our very limited inventory remaining which has been driving strong pricing for the remainder of the year while also building demand for future years. In fact, we're at historical high prices across all core programs for 2025 and all quarters of the year. While booking volumes for 2026 sailings and beyond taken during the first quarter also reached an all-time high. We were very well positioned going into Wave this year and we exited with over 80% of the year on the books at higher prices and with a booking curve that is still the farthest out on record. We have no plans to let up anytime soon. As we foreshadowed on the last call, we kicked off new marketing campaigns across all major brands during wave season to fuel more broad-based consideration for cruise travel and keep the strong momentum going. Costa ticked up the volume at the San Ramo Music Festival, among Italy's most renowned music events which was watched by over two-thirds of Italy's television audience. Featuring a live performance on board Costa Toscano. Carnival Cruise Line was also a standout at the Oscars, selected along with a few other household names for a themed promo honoring stunt performers and featuring a daring skydive into a pool onboard Carnival Celebration. Of course, Carnival Cruise Line has clearly amped up the iconic New Year's Eve ball drop in Times Square and continued through the Super Bowl in New Orleans, featuring our celebrity chef partners, Emeril Lagasse and Guy Fieri, as well as brand ambassador, Shaquille O'Neal. These two events alone captured over 5 billion impressions across paid, earned, and owned media. And Carnival's adorable wave campaign, Flip, Lost in Paradise, was a hit, getting huge cut-through with marketing KPIs up across the board. If our marketing team managed to get that kind of traction around what is still computer-generated animation, I look forward to four months from now. When all five portals built for fun at Celebration Key are open for our guests and can be showcased. We're on track for our July opening and executing our ramp-up plan into the fourth quarter as our team settles into these new operations and focuses on delivering the kind of phenomenal experience our guests have come to expect from our exclusive destinations. Relax Away, Half Moon Cay is also on schedule for the second half of 2026. We've already begun to increase our marketing around this enhanced and rebranded Jewel in the Caribbean. And we'll have more to come on our plans to increase awareness and consideration for our brands as we leverage our underexposed portfolio of Caribbean destinations. Turning to Alaska, we just announced an expansion and renovation project to Denali Lodge, one of our nine owned and operated hotel properties, building on this unmatched strategic advantage for Holland America and Princess Cruises. Enhancements will include the addition of 120 new guest rooms and suites, room remodelings, additional food and beverage venues, and improvements to public spaces and nature trails. Our brand's Landsea packages are a huge draw for new-to-cruise guests and truly the best way to experience the greatness of Alaska.  We also just completed the first of seven Aida ships to undergo our Aida evolution program. Aida Diva is now sailing from Rome having just returned from a seven-week dry dock with many added features that our German guests have come to love on Aida's newer vessels. This includes over half a dozen new bar and dining venues, new suites, and equipment upgrades to enhance fuel efficiency. Aida Luna will start her evolution later this year followed by Aida Bella, and Aida Mar in 2026. We also further progressed on optimizing our portfolio. Just this month, we completed the sunsetting of our P&O Cruises Australia brand by folding its two remaining ships into Carnival Cruise Line. We also consolidated our Seaborn fleet with the sale of Seaborn Sojourn. While we were not actively looking to sell the ship, the offer was in the best interest of our shareholders. The sale leaves Seaborn well-positioned with a phenomenal fleet of three ultra-luxury ocean vessels and two recently launched ultra-luxury expedition ships. Which comprises one of the most modern fleets in the industry and at an average age of just over seven years. Now turning back to the business, and as you can see from our first quarter outperformance, onboard spending and booking levels we have proven to be incredibly resilient to the volatility around the globe. Having said that, even with our resilience and strong visibility given that so much of 2025 is already on the books, we aren't taking the current backdrop lightly. We will be working hard to achieve these results. Thankfully, our team is nimble and agile. Characteristics as you know we hone so well over the first half of this decade. Leaving us better positioned to manage through whatever comes our way. We have strong, well-recognized brands that are number one or two in every major market for cruise and often tailored specifically to phenomenal national markets, such as the US, Germany, and the UK. Markets that are deep and underpenetrated. We are delivering amazing vacation experiences every day in a time when people all over the world are placing increasing importance on experiences. Particularly those spent with friends and family. And on top of that, we are still a ridiculously amazing value compared to land-based alternatives. While we have been chipping away at the price gap to land-based alternatives, the price to experience ratio of cruising versus those other options remains massively disproportionate. While somewhat frustrating, and while still a big opportunity over the coming years, this huge value for money is also truly a strength. When people are looking to make their vacation dollars go even further. And it's about to get even better with the opening of Celebration Key our marquee port in the Caribbean, which will give our guests yet another reason to come cruise with us. We have been making huge strides on rebuilding our financial fortress as we close in on investment grade leverage metrics. We have well-managed near-term maturity towers and no new ships for delivery in 2026. Which gives us a good amount of headroom to continue paying down debt. In fact, we have just three ships on order over the next four years. Further supporting our ability to reach investment grade leverage metrics within 2026. Simply put, we are well positioned for the future and are pushing forward with intention. I'll end by saying thanks to our travel agent partners, loyal guests, investors, destination partners, and other stakeholders who have contributed greatly to our results. And, of course, a special thank you to each of our team members for driving our performance once again. But most important for our long-term success, thank you to each and every team member for delivering unforgettable happiness to our guests by providing them with extraordinary cruise vacations while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail place we visit, and life we touch.  With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. I'll start today with a summary of our 2025 first quarter results. Next, I will provide some color on our improved full-year March guidance. Then I'll finish up with an update of our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. Turning to the summary of our first quarter results. Net income exceeded December guidance by more than $170 million as we outperformed once again. The outperformance was essentially driven by three things. First, favorability in revenue worth $98 million as yields came in up over 7% compared to the prior year. This was 2.7 points better than December guidance driven by both close-in strength in ticket prices and strong onboard spending. Second, cruise costs without fuel per available lower bertha or ALBD were only up 1% compared to the prior year. This was 2.4 points better than December guidance and was worth $65 million. The favorability in cost was mainly due to the timing of expenses between the quarters. We did find some permanent savings which flow through to the full year which I will touch on later in my remarks. And third, favorability and interest expense of $13 million was driven by our refinancing efforts during the quarter. Yield improvement in the first quarter versus the prior year was driven by improvements on both sides of the Atlantic from higher ticket prices and improved onboard spending. The improvement in ticket prices was broad-based across all core programs. The improvement in onboard spending was also broad-based as all categories of spending were meaningfully higher. Continuing the trend from last year, our European brands continue to outperform year-over-year on both price and occupancy. Customer deposits at the end of the first quarter were up over $300 million versus the prior year. Driven by both improved ticket prices and increased pre-cruise onboard sales. Next, I will provide some color on our improved full-year March guidance. March guidance net income of approximately $2.5 billion is a $185 million improvement over December guidance. The improvement was essentially driven by two things. Our first quarter favorability in yield flowed through to the full year improving our full-year yield guidance by half a point to 4.7% versus the prior year. And our refinancing efforts during the quarter allowed us to lower our full-year interest expense guidance by $100 million. I did want to point out that absolute cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be slightly less than December guidance. As I previously indicated, we did find some permanent savings during the first quarter which flowed through to the full year. However, those savings were partially offset by higher dry dock costs because of a couple of unplanned dry docks and charter hire costs associated with the sale of one of our ships. While charter hire costs increased cruise costs, they are offset by lower depreciation expense. With absolute cruise costs slightly better, the change in cruise costs without fuel per ALBD is 3.8% for March guidance. Which is simply the math of spreading lower cruise costs over the revised ALBDs which changed from December guidance because of a couple of unplanned dry docks in 2025. All of this results in $6.7 billion of EBITDA a nearly 10% improvement over 2024 virtually all of which was driven by same-store revenue growth as our capacity is essentially flat year over year. Now I'll finish up with an update of our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. During the quarter, we refinanced $5.5 billion of debt, which is 20% of our total debt, with three very successful transactions. These transactions included our highest coupon debt instrument and delivered an incremental $145 million in annualized interest expense savings. We have been opportunistically reducing interest expense while simplifying our capital structure and managing our future debt maturities. Today, our average cash interest rate is down significantly at just 4.6%. Over the last twelve months, we've reduced our secured and senior priority guaranteed debt by approximately $4 billion. Our near-term maturity towers are well-managed with just $1.1 billion of debt maturities for the remainder of 2025 and $2.7 billion for the full year 2026. During the first quarter, we reduced debt by another $0.5 billion ending the quarter with $27 billion of total debt. With the benefit of well-managed near-term maturity towers and improved leverage metrics over the remainder of this year and through 2026 we expect to opportunistically execute the rest of our current refinancing plan. Prepaying debt, further simplifying our capital structure, optimizing our future debt maturities, and further reducing our interest expense. For the two-year period of 2025 and 2026, this refinancing plan combined with our strong and growing cash flow and just one new build being delivered over this time has the potential to reduce debt by nearly $5 billion from where we ended 2024. And let's not forget, that we ended 2024 over $8 billion off the January 2023 peak. Looking forward, we expect our leverage metrics to continue to improve as our EBITDA continues to grow and our debt levels continue to shrink, increasing our confidence in achieving investment grade leverage metrics in the short term as we move further down the road rebuilding our financial fortress while continuing the process of transferring value from debt holders back to shareholders. Now operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Before pressing the star keys. To allow for as many questions as possible, and one follow-up. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ben Chacon with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ben Chaiken: Hey.
David Bernstein: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions and for all the helpful commentary.
Ben Chaiken: I think it would be great if you could provide some more color on maybe how we're trending since the 4Q period. Anything notable regarding changes to the consumer demand trends? I know that you, you know, you noted not being immune from the macro, which I guess shouldn't be a surprise, but just maybe some more color on what exactly that means. And then one quick follow-up. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Good morning. Good morning, Ben. Thank you for acknowledging we do live on planet Earth. So, you know, look, Waves was a success. Right? I mean, we set a record for bookings for further out years. We came into wave with historic occupancy and price. We use that to our advantage. We took price. And we're well set up for the rest of the year. Hence, not only did we pretty much smash Q1 on the yields, but we maintained yield guidance for the rest of the year over 4%. So I think we feel real good about how we have been tackling things and our brands are doing a good job.
Ben Chaiken: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just to clarify maybe some of David's comments. You know, you beat Q1. You smashed Q1 to your point by $165 million, raised the guide, at least from what we can tell, by around $100 million. Our take from your comments is that the net yield outlook for quarters two to four is the same. I think costs were actually slightly lower per David's comments, but the net cruise cost higher because of lower ALBDs from the dry docks. I guess, what was the ALBD impact if I got that right? I hate to be overly granular, but does the $165 million in Q1 versus the $100 million flow through driven entirely by the lower ALBD dry dock dynamic that or is there anything else that you would flag? Thanks a lot.
David Bernstein: So the flow through to the year was a combination of two things. It was the yield that flowed through from the first quarter, which was a $98 million, as well as a $100 million of interest expense. And the total improvement for the year, I think, was $183 million.
Ben Chaiken: Sure. I guess I was referring to EBITDA. Sorry. Yeah. Sorry. The $165 million.
David Bernstein: Yeah. So the EBITDA is just basically the net income less the interest. Yeah. The yield, I mean, Ben, the short answer is the yield flowed through for the year. The cost was mostly timing, which is why you don't see the full amount from Q1 going into the full year. We did reduce our absolute cost in a couple of ways, you know, tens of millions of dollars. But because of the reduction in ALBDs because of the extra dry docks, it basically covers it up.
Ben Chaiken: Okay. Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks for clarifying.
David Bernstein: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Proceed with your question.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks very much. Obviously, a lot of concern among investors because of some airline commentary and last night a hotel data point. So, you know, great news to raise guidance mostly by the Q1 beat when we look at the yield. And just given, how you talked about the close-in being strong and onboard being strong, does that suggest that you're not raising the next three quarters yield because, you know, you want to be cautious, obviously, given the environment. But there would be that potential if your expectations for the close-in and onboard are still what they were three months ago that there's, you know, potential upside to that guide. Is that the way to think about the rest of the year?
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. Look. I mean, the strength of Q1 was was pretty fantastic. And it was driven by both the close-in demand on the ticket and just tremendous onboard spending. We're talking about, you know, 10% growth year over year for the first quarter, which is actually an acceleration of onboard spend trends versus year over year growth from the fourth quarter. And, frankly, the onboard spend that we've seen in the first couple of weeks of March hadn't slowed down. So we do feel good about the strength of our consumer, I mean, clearly, clearly, I just want to recognize that there's just there's just a lot of volatility in the backdrop. Right? And with new cycles comes volatility. We feel good about our guidance. We feel good about our ability to deliver it. We always want to outperform. Brands work on that day in and day out. Certainly don't promise anything other than we're going to do our best.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up, just if there's a way to maybe quantify with the expense. Obviously, you said some of it was because of the ALBD. Is there a way to think about either the dollar amount of ongoing structural, you know, net cruise cost expense reduction, and also excluding from that the higher charter cost from the Seaborn ship? Right? Because that's just sort of shifting from depreciation sort of temporarily and not really structural cost. So how should we think about those sort of additional dollar amounts of structural cost excluding that and excluding, you know, if we think of the aggregate dollar amount, then the ALBDs in the denominator won't matter. Thanks.
David Bernstein: Yeah. So on the $65 million of cost in the first quarter, we said most of it was timing, but probably about a third of it was permanent cost savings. And we're always looking for ongoing cost savings and, you know, we do have the lowest the best cost structure in the industry. But we don't stop there. We keep on finding ways to improve over time, and we'll do that, you know, this year and next year and beyond.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. That was totally clear. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Got it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wiesinski with Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: Hey, guys. Good morning. And congrats on the first quarter. So Josh, I want to ask, you know, about bookings that you're taking in right now for 2026. And I know it's still a little bit early on, but just wondering if you're seeing any, you know, we would call kind of material differences in bookings for 2026 by, you know, by brand. You know, or maybe if you're seeing customers book, but maybe they're not prebooking onboard as much or they're taking lower cabin categories. Just, I mean, just trying to make sure there isn't anything you're seeing right now, you know, as we look further out that would be concerning to you guys.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. First, thanks, Steve. Thanks for the compliment. No. I mean, I guess the short answer is no. There's nothing that I'd say on a brand-by-brand basis that raises anything of interest to talk about. You know, I love the fact that we can say that, you know, we can walk and chew gum at the same time and finish out 2025 and still ground ourselves with a good foundation for 2026. And I think with a record book position, at higher prices, that's exactly what the teams are doing.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Gotcha. Makes sense. Sounds good. And then the second question, it's going to be somewhat the same question that Robin asked. I just want to ask it a little bit differently. But, you know, you beat the first quarter by I think it was 270 basis points on the yield side of things. So, you know, I guess as we think about the and we can see your second quarter guidance now. So if we think about the back half of the year, if, you know, if the consumer stays status quo, there's no change in onboard, close in remains strong, I'm guessing there's probably upside to your back half guidance. I just I'm just trying to ask that question maybe a little bit differently. Or maybe just to be clear just to be clear, if our onboarding remains real strong and our close in demand remains real strong, then, yeah, I think you're right. Is that
Josh Weinstein: That's all I needed to hear.
Steven Wieczynski: Thanks very much.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brent Montour Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Brandt Montour: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. And echo the congratulations on the first quarter and raising the full-year guide. My question is a permutation of something you may have already gotten. I hope I hope not. But, you know, Josh, you guys see a lot of different consumers, and you see a lot of different areas of the world and how, you know, the behavior that those consumers can evolve with the current macro backdrop we're in. I'm curious if you're seeing any sort of relative differences between onboard and consumer booking behavior between Europe and America as well as between drive to and fly to.
Josh Weinstein: Got it. So go ahead and branch. So we we've been talking for a long time about the strength of the portfolio and the portfolio approach that we have. And, you know, sounds like a broken record, but as I've been saying probably for the last I don't know, six quarters now, Europe has been driving things forward real nice and that has continued. That's not a surprise for us. Because of the whole structural way that, you know, we were amping up everything since a couple of years ago. So that's remained consistent, which doesn't mean that North America is not performing. It just means that our European brands are outperforming the outperformance we got on this side. So I feel pretty good about that. I'd say, you know, consumers, whether you are low end, middle of the road, high end luxury, every person is different. Right? And every person is going to internalize the backdrop of what they're dealing with differently and make their choices. And our portfolio approach works incredibly well against that backdrop.
Brandt Montour: Thanks for that. And then just a quick follow-up. You know, if they let's say, you know, no one has a crystal ball. Let's say the consumer slows further, and if there's a slowdown in bookings, industry-wide or let's just even say away from you, how do you perceive the industry's current willingness to sort of hold price or act more rationally than it has in the past?
Josh Weinstein: Look. I'll speak for myself. I won't I would not speak for the industry other than to say, I think the industry overall is on good solid ground. Got great leaders at those operations that are doing real good things for the industry as well as their brands. And we're increasing consideration, increasing demand, which is a great thing for everybody. With respect to us, you know, we're we're we're executing on the things that we've been talking about for years. It's resulted right now in us being better booked than, you know, pretty much we've ever been. We have great visibility not that much to go in this year. More onboard spend is pulled forward, which is enhanced visibility versus, you know, prior periods. So and and we in particular, we have no capacity growth. Right? So we are in a fairly enviable position, I think, that even new new builds are great. But we can do a lot with what we've got. And having only one ship coming this year, none in 2026, one in 2027. I mean, that that for us, that's a fantastic roadmap for success. So we're looking forward to it.
Brandt Montour: Thanks a lot. Congrats again on the quarter.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
James Hardiman: Yeah. With the I I guess tying this all up, outside of bookings and onboard spend, which you've talked about, are there any other forward indicators that you think might be a good indicator of your consumer sentiment or whether how they are with respect to making payments for their trips or how many are buying travel or insurance or any of those indicators are showing?
Josh Weinstein: James, you're going deep. No. Not nothing nothing out of the ordinary that would trigger flags, cancellations, are fairly consistent. So there's really nothing else that we'd probably put on the table to talk about as anything of significance.
James Hardiman: Fair enough. And the 12% ROIC in sight, can you give us any indication of what you think the long-term opportunity is there, specifically kind of how you guys think about the return profile for Celebration Key and their other sort of non-ship investments? Are there any other investments that we should be thinking about that are significantly ahead of your corporate average?
Josh Weinstein: Well, I think overall, we feel real good about the progress we've been making on the returns that we're generating. I certainly don't view and never did view 12% as an ending point. So mid-teens is certainly realistic and certainly what we'll be shooting for. The things that are going to drive it are really the continuation of doing our jobs better. Across the brands in the commercial space, watching the cost like we always do as a low-cost industry leader and being able to lean into the investments that we're making around Celebration Key, Relax Away, and doing some other things with positioning of some of the destinations that we currently own. Which are phenomenal. And on top of that, you know, aside from the moderate I'd say modest capacity growth we have, we are investing in ourselves in other ways. We've we've talked about Aida evolution for example. I think I said in my prepared remarks, which you take one of the most successful brands in the world. And you reinvest in them, in their existing capacity to add revenue opportunities, cabins, that's going to serve us incredibly well as is the investments we're making in Alaska to delight our guests and really cement our strategic advantage even further on our Landsea packages and what we have to offer in Alaska. So I think that we're in a pretty strong place.
James Hardiman: I guess just really quick, off of that, delivering your target so early any indication when we might get a new long-term outlook?
Josh Weinstein: Man, I love that you're even asking that. So I think we got to get to the targets, not just, forecast them. So, you know, my expectation would be we'll be talking about our next set hopefully in, you know, early 2026 but that's you know, we got to deliver.
James Hardiman: Alright. Thanks a lot, guys.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Scholes: Great. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Want to follow-up on the comment in here. In the press release about not being completely immune from the heightened macroeconomic volatility since given your guidance in December. Regarding that volatility, have you actually seen the volatility have any impact on booking pace as the quarter progressed?
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. What we say look. We certainly saw ups and downs. I mean, we see ups and downs every every year, so that's not terribly surprising. It all came out to the bookings we were able to make at the pricing that we wanted to make. And set us up as we talked about in a really good position. And at the end of the day, people just need to be getting used to the new normal, which is exactly what's happening. You know, as a matter of fact, last week, bookings, you know, nicely ahead year over year. And not everything is the end all be all for year over year, but it's what we talk about publicly. And particularly, you know, to the point people are asking about close in, our close in bookings last week for the second quarter, for literally sailing in the second quarter, we don't have that much to go. And the booking volume and pricing was just off the charts. So, you know, we just got to let the world progress, and we'll take what we want to take as we go and carry out the year.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hey, good morning. I want to talk a little bit about the cadence of costs over the rest of the year. I think there were set to be higher dry docks in both Q2 and Q3 this year. And so as we think about the ARC of expenses, can you help us sort of flow through whether those are more equal or if maybe that is more weighted to Q2 those dry docks?
David Bernstein: So the as I had indicated, on the December call, we had expected that both the second and third quarter costs would be up a little bit more than the full year and that the fourth quarter would be up a little bit less than the full year. And nothing's changed since then.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then as we think about the lengthening of the booking curve, I'm just trying to triangulate what the visibility looks like now relative to the past. I think, historically, it used to be that you guys were booked maybe, like, fifty to seventy percent out for Q2 and then maybe thirty to fifty percent out for Q3. Has that decoupled a little bit and moved a little bit higher just so, you know, we could have more certainty on what the rest of the year looks like.
David Bernstein: Yeah. That you know, all of those numbers that I used to give, for the next the current quarter and the next three, We are above the top end of all of those ranges. And so as a result, as Josh said, we're about 80% booked for the remainder of this year. If you took the top end of all the ranges, you'd be at you would get an average of 70 for the rest of the year. So we're at the top end of all of the top end of all the ranges.
Jaime Katz: Excellent. That's really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Connor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. You've been super clear on the strength of bookings, but, you know, I wanted to just maybe come back to your the levers that you have if things did weaken. You talked about how you would work to achieve a lot of these results that are kind of flowing through. And again, that doesn't seem like a demand problem. But, like, at the end of the day, if things were to weaken, what cost levers do you think you have right now that could be low-hanging fruit if things were to deteriorate on some level? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Good morning. You know, the best lever we probably have is, you know, if if the world takes a turn, we don't hedge. Because we don't hedge, on commodities, generally speaking, commodities turn with that world. And so there's a natural hedge in our business by the basis of how we run it. Look, we clearly can do a lot of things if we really choose or need to do that. Our first goal is to deliver the results that we want to deliver because we think that's the right thing for the business. Right? The guest experience that we want to give, the investments that we want to make for the long term, not just for the short term. But everything is always looked at pretty critically to decide, you know, what makes sense in the current environment because the world does change. And we've we've clearly got room should we need to make a lot of changes depending on what that circumstance could be.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. And then I think a big part of the plan this year and over the next couple of years is as supply is a little bit limited for you guys has been to push marketing spend and drive, like, improved revenue quality and so on. Could you just talk a little bit about how that strategy is playing out right now? It seems like it's working, but I just the two levers that I think from a revenue management standpoint are just like inventory and marketing. So if you could just, you know, talk about the balance of those two going forward, that'd be helpful. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Yep. No. Thanks very much. Yeah. We've talked about it. We've strategically been changing our investment approach when it comes to things like advertising. We're spending much more on a per-unit basis than we did back, you know, five, six years ago and still a good amount less than many others in the vacation and leisure space. We think we're getting the balance right. As far as, you know, is it working? You know, look. The first quarter just ended. Our yields over the last two years are up 24%. I think that's probably a pretty good indication that it is working. And also that you don't you don't need new builds to drive that demand. As the vast majority of our brands don't have any. So that same ship sales, if you will, and that goes to how we manage the curve on the yields. The advertising that we do, both the creative top of funnel type of things, and then the digital performance. Our relationships with the trade, and then delivering onboard. And I think the brands are doing an incredible amount of work to make that happen. And I do think advertising helps unlock that. And so we have unleashed it while maintaining the cost structure that we think is appropriate.
Conor Cunningham: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
David Katz: Hi, good morning. And well done all around. I wanted to bring forth a debate that we have a lot And is there any evidence that is shareable around any of the bookings from consumers trading down right, We assume that there's, you know, some trading down to the value of a cruise versus the much much more expensive hotels, particularly domestically. And, you know, potentially, you know, some that are maybe priced out of a cruise that may be at a different end of the spectrum. Is there anything that we can discuss or unpack there?
Josh Weinstein: So I think there's two separate questions. So first, the concept of quote trading down to a cruise. I'd look at it differently. I'd say that we have a tremendous price-to-experience ratio compared to land, and people recognize that value more and more if they're looking to make the dollar go further. And even though it pisses me off when, you know, we look at the price gap because there's so much opportunity for us that I'm excited about. Those types of times, that is a huge strength that we have because we can outperform the experience we give, for the price that we charge compared to land. As far as and the fact that we're carrying more new-to-cruise we ever have. You know, new-to-cruise the growth rate for Q1 alone was significantly multiple times higher than the growth rate on the capacity. So it's working. As far as trading down within cruise, there's nothing that we see because our brands have a pretty good mix within themselves to be able to cater to people at lots of different price points. You know, we talk about Carnival a lot, and people have concerns about Carnival because of x, y, z and consumer. Keep in mind, Carnival's got suites, on eight days, which are very different from inside cabins on three nighters. So we have a lot of product to be able to source lots of folks brand by brand, up and down the price points.
David Katz: I apologize for the word choice about trading down. I'm not. But I Thank you very much. Okay. My quick follow-up is that the sale of the Seaborn ship at a gain Can you just elaborate on the reasoning behind that and the timing of it? Just a little insight. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's actually pretty simple. We got a cash offer that when I looked at that offer versus what I thought the impact would be for that ship, over an appropriate amount of time and what the impact would be on the rest of that fleet and its ability to manage its yields. It was a decision that was in the best interest of the shareholders. It's as simple as that. You know, I have nothing's for sale. We don't have a for sale sign up, but if people are approaching us unsolicited for offers, I'll listen. And if it's the right thing to do for the shareholders, then we'll do it. And that doesn't happen very often, but that was one of these cases. Appreciate it. Thanks very much.
David Katz: Yeah. I'll just say, Seaborn is a phenomenal brand. We are talking about one of the youngest fleets around the world, ultra luxury, and they are going gangbusters. So the yields are up nicely. Like, every nothing wrong other than the fact that somebody made us an offer that we couldn't refuse. Got it. Thanks a lot.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. So Josh, close-in demand off the charts. No slowdown in onboard spend in the last few weeks. It's seems like the near term is crystal clear. So maybe multi-year, could you elaborate on new customer acquisition that you're seeing across the portfolio maybe tied to the new marketing that you cited and walked through, and just structural improvement opportunities that you see across your brands given the portfolio approach that you have.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. So with respect to guest composition, you know, we're at we're it's actually a pretty interesting place now. Right? Because effectively, with no growth on the horizon, every brand has the same capacity that they have year over year, which means it's we're not trying to fill new capacity and cast a net wider for purposes of just needing more bodies. And so the idea of first-time cruisers, brand switchers, and loyalists it really becomes a dynamic of who's willing to pay the most to get on the ship. And so, yes, we have been ramping up first-timers, which I think is a testament to the brand strengths and the marketing that they've been doing and the experiences that they give. Ultimately, though, it's going to really be a matter of getting that optimal mix based on the price points and which generates the most revenue. I think it's also useful over the next couple of years. It's extreme slowdown for us. Capacity growth, but the industry overall is slowing. Its growth rate. So I think that there's that that that certainly doesn't hurt us. It helps us.  With respect to your second question, could you just elaborate a little bit more on what you were thinking?
Matthew Boss: Yeah. Just with the new marketing, what you're seeing in terms of new customers, as well as the brands that maybe haven't returned to 2019 metrics just the next leg of opportunity that you have relative to others in the industry if we remain at robust levels?
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. I you know, our brands are on a spectrum from having recovered past 2019 levels to not yet there. Of that has to do, as you've heard me say in the past, was what their 2019 levels were to begin with. And so we're not patting ourselves on the back in some cases because they exceed the 2019 levels because they should have been higher then and they are now. With plenty of runway. I would say, the vast majority of our brands have if we boil it down to ROIC, the vast majority of our brands have multiple points in the medium term that they're going to be able to take advantage of. And primarily, that's due to the continuation of the improvement we've been making on the revenue side. And that's what the direction, the trajectory is for those brands. They are making jumps by leaps and bounds, and they've got a lot more to go. And I am excited about that.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then, David, maybe just to switch gears On your goal to return to the Fortress balance sheet, how are you thinking about capital allocation priorities beyond debt pay down? As you approach investment-grade metrics?
David Bernstein: So, you know, as Josh said before, to the immediate debt pay down is priority one, two, and three. But as I had indicated, you know, in my remarks, we're talking about potentially a $5 billion additional pay-down. When you start thinking about 2026, we should be beyond investment-grade metric leverage And so as a result of that, we'll be you know, not only are we investing in ourselves and all the examples that Josh gave, But, you know, we will be considering other priorities. And we'll be talking about that as we move forward into 2026 and beyond.
Matthew Boss: Great. Congrats on the continued momentum.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lizzie Dove with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Lizzie Dove: Hi there. Thanks so much for taking the question and congrats on a great Q1. I guess going back to luxury, for a second, you know, you have Seaborn, you have Cunard, Obviously, the last few weeks, we've had mixed commentary from other know, cruise companies about luxury. Curious just to zoom in on that. Anything you would kind of flag there and what you're seeing on the luxury trend specifically.
Josh Weinstein: Yep. Morning, Lizzie. Nothing nothing interesting to talk about, I don't think. As you heard me say, you know, Seaborn's been making great progress year over year as is Cunard. So yeah, I'm sorry. Just you know, I guess the answer is no. Short and sweet.
Lizzie Dove: That's great to hear. And I guess totally switching gears for a second. I'll ask about Celebration Key. I mean, you're now through most of wave season. Curious just what you've been seeing there, how much the kind of consumer reception has been to the marketing you put around that, whether you're still on track to kind of open right at the end of summer. Just any updates you can give around that would be helpful. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yep. Thanks. Yep. No. First of all, from an operational standpoint, everything is proceeding exactly on track and teams are doing phenomenal work, not only in the in the finishing up of the construction but in the massive undertaking that is, you know, training and getting ready on the land-based operations themselves to be able to deliver the experiences that we want to deliver. We are seeing the premiums that we expected to see when we started this project a long time ago. And so things are progressing exactly as planned, which is a shout out to the teams for doing all the right things.
Lizzie Dove: Great. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Lizzie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vince Cpl with Cleveland Research. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Cpl: Thanks. I wanted to lean a little bit more into land there. When would you expect the Celebration Key to kind of be the, you know, peak, noticeably in your booking surge in light of, how that Carnival product books the opening and awareness of the island. And then, additionally, you know, I know this is the new part of your land portfolio, but you have you have quite a sizable footprint already. I know there's expansion with I think, it's Half Moon Cay Pier and investment into the Alaska part of the portfolio. Just how are you thinking about your opportunity in the land stuff in years ahead?
Josh Weinstein: Yep. Thanks. Thanks, Vince. So a bunch of questions there. So as far as the impact of the Celebration Key, I think it's pretty fascinating because we're still in make-believe land. Right? So everything we're putting out on the marketing side really is in the imagination. And I think that coupled with, as you said, the primary tenant there is going to be Carnival Cruise Line, a huge amount of which is short cruises, three, four, five nights. That have a much shorter window than booking on the sevens and eights. Means that we haven't seen the full impact of Carnival hasn't seen the full impact on the benefits. And I do think the ability to leverage it in operations and generate content and guest experience with our guests, with the trade, is going to be a springboard forward. Which is a great thing for Celebration Key. You know, we easily see a path where, you know, by the end of the decade, you know, what was about six and a half million guests going to our Caribbean footprint in 2024, it could be, you know, upwards of 11 million. Which is a phenomenal thing. And I think a thing that we're learning which we haven't really benefited from in full, is how we position how we brand and position our destinations themselves to make them part of the consideration set of the consumer.  Because historically, it's very much been about just the cruise and the brand and then delight them when they're in our destination. But we have the ability to make it a driver for taking the cruise, to begin with. And so we're starting to lean into that. Obviously, with Celebration Key, and we're going to do more of that. And Celebration Key is something that when we when we open, that's just phase one. And we've got plans that'll take us through the end of the decade to significantly increase that throughput, which, as I mentioned, helps us drive that guest count up to about 11 million. With respect to Alaska, look, we if you haven't been there, I strongly suggest you've got to do it by cruise, and if you do it, you have to do a cruise land sea package because that is the greatest way to see the great state. And it is a strategic advantage that we do have given the scope of our operations in Alaska, and we're going to continue to lean into that because it is one of the most popular itineraries and programs that we have in the whole portfolio.
Vince Cpl: Great. I wanted to sneak one more in. You mentioned a little bit earlier on the European business. In the travel industry more broadly right now, there's a lot of talk on inbound outbound for the US. And I know that you source a fair amount of your European brands in Europe, and I would imagine a lot of the North American brands heavily over-index to North American guests. But anything that you've seen in your data on any shift in the flow of inbound interest to the US, and if that at all is a big part of your business.
Josh Weinstein: Well, I guess I'll answer it in reverse. Is it a big part of our business? No. It's not a huge part of our business. You know, we strategically try to put our ships where our guest base is. I think, you know, in the volatility that we talked about, in the first quarter, certainly in Canada, was swept up in that. Now for us, that's three to four percent of our business, just to put it in context, but clearly, we read you you know, everybody reads the news and we're not we're not immune from that dynamic. But going back to the strategy, by being able to target specific countries with specific brands that cater to their needs and preferences and position them where people can get to drive if they want to. It's a recipe for success for us in this environment.
Vince Cpl: Great. Thanks. Operator, we have time for one more.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Chris Staphylopoulos with SIG. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Staphoulopoulos: Good morning, Josh, David, team. Thanks for taking my question. So I'm gonna close it out. I'll keep it to one. And hopefully try to, I guess, consolidate here the questions around demand. Because I think it's the questions I'm getting here. You know, investors are trying to tease out the health of the consumer and whether any weakness at this point is localized to a specific consumer demographic or region. So if we use the airlines here as a proxy, there was a comment earlier on the call, last week, US domestic basic economy, close-in weakness, exact opposite of what you're seeing here. What is similar, it sounds like premium international demand is similar. So as we look across your brand scale, from contemporary premium luxury and we adjust for mix shifts the earlier question on regional source of travelers. Is there anything that is different or unique with the pace of bookings or onboard spend at this point?
Josh Weinstein: So I guess consolidated question, the short answer is no. You know, we just keep in mind, we're airlines come out with a lot of commentary. We are different from airlines and even different from hotels. We don't rely on business. Business travel is not part of our portfolio. So it's about the consumer. And, you know, in good times and bad times, people take vacations. The unemployment rate in this country and the developed countries that we really source from are fantastically low. So does it mean that people want to think hard about how they spend their vacation dollar? Absolutely. Is it more important when times are stressful that they get away and take a vacation? Does it mean more to them? Absolutely. And I think we've learned that, you know, since the turn of this decade, how much importance people place on it. So, you know, I think we are resilient, and we'll continue to work hard to deliver. So since you say it was one question, thank you for doing what I asked. I think we'll end it there. So thanks, everybody, and talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-12-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Carnival Corporation and PLC Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. If anyone should require operator assistance, you may be placed into the question queue at any time by pressing star one on your telephone keypad. We ask that you please limit yourselves to one question, one follow-up, then return to the queue. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Go ahead, Beth.
Beth Roberts: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by our CEO, Josh Weinstein, our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein, and our chair, Mickey Harrison. Before we begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I will refer you to the forward-looking statement in today's press release. All references to ticket prices, net per diems, net yields, and adjusted cruise costs without fuel will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. References to per diems and yields will be on a net basis. Our comments may also reference cruise costs without fuel, EBITDA, net income, free cash flow, and ROIC, all of which will be on an adjusted basis unless otherwise stated. All these references are non-GAAP financial measures defined in our earnings press release. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are also contained in our earnings press release and in our investor presentation. Please visit our corporate website where our earnings press release and investor presentation can be found. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Beth. We had a strong finish to an incredibly strong year. And right off the bat, I'd like to thank the efforts of our hardworking and dedicated team, the best in all of travel and leisure. They have delivered results that consistently outperformed even my own high expectations. Our global portfolio is clearly firing on all cylinders, and I am very proud of what we've been able to accomplish together. We delivered another stellar quarter to close out a phenomenal year. In fact, this was our seventh consecutive quarter achieving record revenues alongside favorable forward indicators like record booking trends and record customer deposits, indicating a continuation of the strong momentum we've been experiencing for the last two years. Fourth quarter net income improved by over $250 million year-over-year, coming in over $125 million better than expected. The outperformance was up and down the P&L and driven by strong closing demand across the portfolio, which pushed yields, per diems, EBITDA, and operating income all to new highs this year. Full-year revenues hit an all-time high of $25 billion and produced all-time high cash from operations of almost $6 billion. Robust demand delivered a full-year 2024 yield increase of 11%, with the majority of the increase attributable to higher prices. Yields finished the year nearly 250 basis points better than our original guidance, driven by a strong demand environment that we elevated throughout the year. Encouragingly, this was broad-based. For 2024, prices were up in all of our major brands and trades between mid-single-digit to mid-teen percentages. And on top of this, onboard spending levels actually accelerated sequentially each quarter throughout the year. Additionally, unit cost came in 100 basis points better than our original guidance for the year as we identified and executed upon additional cost savings initiatives and saw the benefit of an easing inflationary environment. All of this translated to an additional $700 million pickup to the bottom line compared to our December guidance and step-change improvements in our two financial metrics that form part of our 2026 sea change targets: EBITDA per ALBD and ROIC. After just one year down with two to go, we're already over 80% of the way toward achieving both of these targets, calling for a 50% increase in EBITDA per ALBD from our 2023 starting point and an ROIC of 12%, both of which would be the highest the company has seen in almost 20 years. And with ROIC ending 2024 at 11%, comfortably above our cost of capital, we're already delivering long-term value for our shareholders as we lay the foundation we'll build upon in 2025 and beyond.
Josh Weinstein: At the outset, and with about two-thirds of the year already on the books, 2025 is shaping up to be another banner year, with yield growth exceeding 4%, far outpacing historical growth rates and again exceeding unit cost growth, delivering more than $400 million incrementally to the bottom line. In fact, booking trends even accelerated during the quarter. Despite less inventory for sale as compared to the same time last year, 2025 booking volumes over the quarter were actually higher year-on-year at higher prices for each quarter, including the period leading up to the election. Booking volumes for 2026 also continue to break records, reflecting sustained demand even for further out sailings. The ongoing strength in demand reinforced our record-breaking book position. Both price and occupancy are higher for each of the four quarters of 2025, and we managed to increase both our price and occupancy advantage for our 2025 book position thanks to our outstanding efforts this past quarter. I can actually now report that our North American and European segments are each at their longest advanced booking windows on record. All core deployments are also better booked at higher prices than the record levels we achieved at the same time last year. So with a good amount less inventory to sell for 2025, I cannot stress enough to our customers and trade partners that if you want to sail with us this year, book now while there's still space available. And keep in mind, our 2024 results and booked position for future sailings are being driven by improved operational execution across our brands and are essentially on a same-ship basis. Now don't get me wrong. New ships are great. In fact, we welcomed three amazing new ships in 2024. Carnival Jubilee, the third of five XL class vessels for Carnival Cruise Line, is proudly sailing out of the great state of Texas. Some Princess Cruises' next-generation flagship was just awarded Conde Nast Travelers 2024 megaship of the year, beating out all other megaships that entered service this year. And last but not least, came the spectacular Queen Anne, Cunard's first ship in fourteen years and a beautiful addition to Queen Victoria, Queen Elizabeth, and the venerable Queen Mary 2. While new ships do command a nice premium, the vast majority of our yield growth was driven by fundamental demand improvements for the existing ships across our portfolio of world-class brands. Even excluding our new builds, 2024's yields were still up almost 10% over 2023. That's because we're achieving demand growth well above our modest supply pipeline through ground-up efforts to improve execution across the commercial space. We've been investing in both talent and tools, honing in on each of our brands' unique target markets, crafting marketing campaigns that speak directly to them. We're successfully enticing new cruise guests away from land-based alternatives. In fact, both new-to-cruise and repeat guests were each up double-digit percentages this past year. At the same time, our marketing efforts are continuing to deliver growth in web visits, natural and paid search that far outpaced our limited capacity growth, keeping the pipeline of new demand. Simultaneously, with augmenting our performance from top-of-funnel consideration to closing the deal and generating the bookings, we've been sharpening our yield management techniques to optimize our booking curve. Hire and drive ticket prices and onboard spending. While all of these efforts are already in flight and clearly working, we have even more in store to continue the momentum. We're launching new marketing campaigns across all our brands. Princess, Cunard, and Seaborn have already debuted spectacular new creatives this month. In Princess's case, its fresh take on its incomparable love boat theme featuring Hannah Waddingum of Ted Lasso fame already helped to produce record booking volumes for the Black Friday through Cyber Monday period. And stay tuned for new campaigns from Aida, Carnival, Costa, Holland America, and P&O Cruises in the UK, all launching shortly to coincide with wave season, our peak booking period. We're aggressively working to increase awareness and consideration for cruise travel globally. We're also actively working on an enhanced destination strategy to provide guests with yet another reason to take a cruise vacation with us, and that is sure to help us continue to excel. While we retain by far the largest footprint in the Caribbean with six owned and operated destinations that captured six and a half million guest visits in 2024, we believe we had a meaningful opportunity to expand and capitalize on this strategic advantage. These destinations are amongst our highest-rated guest experiences today, and we have plans to lean into these assets even further. While historically, the marketing of our own assets has really focused on the ships, we have untapped potential to create demand for these amazing destination experiences.
Josh Weinstein: I have never been more excited about these prospects. As we begin to unfold this multiyear strategy with the opening of Celebration Key in just about six months, this will be by far our largest and most carnival-centric destination in our portfolio with five awesome portals built for fun, from family-friendly to exclusive beach club experiences. Not only will Celebration Key be the closest destination in our portfolio, saving fuel costs and reducing greenhouse gas emissions, the only way you can get to Celebration Key is on one of our cruises. Moreover, we just recently announced a change that signals more about the shift in our destination asset strategy. Half Moon Key, the highly rated and award-winning exclusive Bahamian destination known for beautiful beaches and crisp clear waters, is being renamed Relax Away Half Moon Key to better reflect the experience guests can expect as they are immersed in this tropical paradise. Enhancements, lunch venues, a variety of bars, and other features created with intentionality to reinforce this destination's natural beauty and pristine appeal. Ready in summer of 2026, a newly constructed pier on the north side will allow two ships to dock, including Carnival's XL class ships that will be able to visit the private island for the first time. We'll be positioning these jewels of the Caribbean with consumers in a way that will encourage guests to actively seek out these specific destinations offered exclusively by our brands, and many of Carnival Cruise Lines itineraries will feature both Relax Away Half Moon Key and Celebration Key, providing guests with complimentary experiences enjoying both the idyllic and the ultimate beach days. We believe developing and promoting these unique assets will help us cast the net wider and capture even more new-to-cruise demand. We're already in flight with preparation for branding and marketing campaigns for these amazing destinations with more to come in the future. As it is, for 2025, we expect to hit our 2026 EBITDA per ALBD target a full year early while raising ROIC to just shy of our 12% 2026 target. So considering all the progress we've made, without this in place, it's clear we have a tremendous amount of headroom remaining to create more demand, cultivate more guest loyalty, and capture more pricing for the incredible ship and shoreside experiences we provide our guests. At the same time, we're making meaningful progress on the sustainability front. We achieved about a 17.5% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions intensity versus 2019, on track to achieve our target of 20% by the end of 2026, a goal that was previously pulled forward by four years. Improvement hasn't just been in emission intensity levels. Despite the fact that we're over 9% larger than we were in 2019, we have actually lowered our absolute greenhouse gas emissions by almost 10% over this time. And, of course, we're also making huge strides on rebuilding our financial fortress. In under two years, we've paid down over $8 billion of debt off our peak and significantly reduced interest expense, which coupled with our improving EBITDA has improved our leverage metrics tremendously. Our current 2025 guidance will put us at 3.8 times net debt to EBITDA, closing in on our expectation to reach investment-grade leverage metrics in 2026. Again, thank you so much to each of our team members who have delivered a step-change improvement in 2024 and set us up for a fantastic 2025 and beyond. And as has always been the case and always will be, thank you so much to our travel agent partners who have contributed immensely to this success. We also appreciate the support we've received from our loyal guests, investors, destination partners, and other stakeholders. Let's not forget, these efforts were really all about the main thing, delivering unforgettable happiness to over thirteen and a half million people in 2024 by providing them with extraordinary cruise vacations while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit, and life we touch. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. I'll start today with a summary of our 2024 fourth quarter results. Next, I will provide an update on our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. Then I'll finish up with some color on our 2025 full-year December guidance. Let's turn to the summary of our fourth quarter results. Net income exceeded September guidance by $126 million as we outperformed once again. The outperformance was essentially driven by three things. First, favorability in revenue worth $77 million as yields came in up 6.7% compared to the prior year. This was 1.7 points better than September guidance driven by close-in strength in ticket prices as well as strong onboard spending. Second, cruise costs without fuel per available lower berth date or ALBD came in up 7.4% compared to the prior year. This was six-tenths of a point better than September guidance, which was worth $13 million. And third, favorability in interest expense, other income and expense, and tax expense, all of which were partially offset by higher fuel prices, netted to a $38 million improvement. Per diems for the fourth quarter improved over 5% versus the prior year, which I would remind you were up over 10% last year, with improvements on both sides of the Atlantic driven by higher ticket prices and improved onboard spending. Strong demand allowed us to once again report records, delivering fourth-quarter record revenues, record yields, record per diems, record adjusted EBITDA, and record customer deposits. Next, I will provide an update on our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. Our full-year 2024 yield improvement of 11% was over three times our 3.5% cost increase. This drove improved margins and cash flow, which resulted in our strong EBITDA of $6.1 billion and cash from operations of about $6 billion. All of this propelled us on our journey to pay down debt and proactively manage our debt profile. During 2024, we made debt payments of over $5 billion, which included opportunistically prepaying over $3 billion of debt, reducing secured debt, removing the secured second lien layer from our capital structure, and paying off some of our more expensive debt. We ended 2024 with $27.5 billion of debt, over $8 billion off the January 2023 peak. Our leverage metrics continued to improve in 2024 as our EBITDA continued to grow and our debt levels continued to shrink. We achieved a 4.3 times net debt to EBITDA ratio, nearly a two and a half turn improvement from 2023, positioning us three-fourths the way down the path to investment-grade leverage metrics in just one year. With the benefit of well-managed near-term maturity towers and improved leverage metrics, we expect to opportunistically capitalize on improved interest rates while proactively managing our maturity towers for 2027 and beyond with various refinancings. Now I'll finish up. On top of 2024's 11% yield growth, we are expecting to deliver strong 2025 yield improvement with our guidance forecasting an increase of over 60 cents per share when compared to 2024. The strong improvement in 2025 yields is a result of an increase in higher ticket prices, higher onboard spending, and to a lesser degree, higher occupancy, with all three components improving on both sides of the Atlantic. We are well-positioned to drive 2025 ticket pricing higher with significantly less inventory remaining to sell than the same time last year. Now turning to cost. Cruise costs without fuel per ALBD are expected to be up approximately 3.7%, costing 28 cents per share for 2025 versus 2024. We are looking forward to the introduction of our game-changing exclusive Bahamian destination Celebration Key in July 2025. We anticipate that Celebration Key will be a smash hit with our guests and provide an excellent return on our investment. However, operating expenses for the destination will impact our overall year-over-year cost comparisons by about half a point. In 2025, we are expecting 687 dry dock days, an increase of 17% versus 2024, which will also impact our overall year-over-year cost comparison by about three-quarters of a point. In 2024, there were several one-time items that we benefited from, impacting our overall year-over-year cost comparisons by about a quarter of a point. The remaining 2.2-point increase in cruise costs is driven by inflation and higher advertising expense, partially offset by efficiency initiatives and further leveraging our industry-leading scale. An increase in depreciation expense and lower interest income is partially offset by an improvement in interest expense from our refinancing and deleveraging efforts for a net impact of $0.04 per share. The net impact of fuel price and currency is expected to favorably impact 2025 by approximately $0.04 per share, with fuel prices favorable by approximately nine cents per share, while the change in foreign currency exchange rate goes the other way by five cents per share. Let's not forget that the European Union allowance or EUA regulation in 2025 increases to 70% of carbon emissions from 40% in 2024. As a result, we would expect the impact of higher EUA costs on our year-over-year fuel expense to be about $0.03 per share. In summary, putting all these factors together, our net income guidance for the full year 2025 is over $2.3 billion, an improvement of more than $400 million versus 2024 or 28 cents per share. Robust demand for our brands and continued operational execution is driving our strong financial results along with our increased confidence in achieving investment-grade leverage metrics during the next couple of years as we move further down the road rebuilding our financial fortress while continuing the process of transferring value from debt holders back to shareholders. Now operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. We'll now be conducting a question and answer session. First question today is coming from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. And congrats on another great quarter. Thank you very much, Matt. So, Josh, could you elaborate on the foundation that you've laid over the last two years which you think has positioned the company to capitalize on the current demand that you're seeing? And with 2025 shaping up to be another banner year, could you speak to initiatives across the organization to take share, optimize yields, and drive onboard spending in 2025 and beyond?
Josh Weinstein: Yep. Thanks for the question, Matt. I guess if we look back at the last two years, probably the biggest thing was just doing a bit of restructuring as we've talked about in the past and getting the right leaders in place, leading the brands, and those leaders are a fantastic group of people leading fantastic brands. On the commercial focus side, which we've been talking about for the last few years, right, it is scrutiny expectations around how we're improving in the revenue management space, in the marketing space, considerations at top-of-funnel stuff all the way down to closing the bookings. The amount of advertising that we've ramped up really just to get us closer to where the rest of the market is, I think it's helping to pay dividends. You know, everything from making sure our brands have great relationships with the trade to investing in our own capabilities. Probably the last thing about the foundation would be the portfolio management. You know, we've been actively managing the portfolio and allocating ships differently, moving vessels, winding up a brand in the case of P&O Australia. I think it's setting ourselves up to really put the assets where the highest returns are in the immediate term while we help all the brands who aren't yet where I think they should be get to those levels. So with respect to 2025 and what are the things that we got that are gonna continue our progress, you know, at a base level, it's a continuation of all those things in the commercial space and having those great brand leaders really lean in even further. You know, we're investing in our people. We're investing in our tools, our revenue management tools to make sure that we are utilizing the technology effectively to optimize the yields. The destination strategy that you already heard in the prepared remarks, I think that's gonna be a tailwind continues for a really long time, and we're really looking forward to that. As far as the OBR onboard spending, you know, we've got runway there. I mean, we've got a good amount of runway to continue the progress we've been making around pulling forward the spend as everybody knows opens up the second wallet and the more people spend before they get on the cruise, the more they spend on the cruise. So our brands are, again, working hard to continue that, and we're nowhere near what the cap could be on those types of efforts. So I'm pretty enthusiastic as you could probably tell.
Matthew Boss: I can tell. I can tell. And then David, maybe just quick. If you could just break down net cruise cost ex-fuel components and that 3.7% for this year. But I think more so, how best to think about maybe a reasonable spread between yields and cruise cost multiyear. If there's maybe a back-of-the-envelope rule of thumb multiyear.
David Bernstein: Yeah. So I did my notes talk about the 3.7% because just briefly, the expenses relating to Celebration Key were a half a point. Increase in dry dock days was three-quarters of a point. I also said about a quarter of a point was the one-time items that we benefited from in 2024. And then the remaining 2.2 points really was a combination of inflation and higher advertising that Josh mentioned, partially offset by efficiency initiatives and other leveraging, you know, our scale throughout the company. So those are really the four key components, and it's up to 3.7%. As far as the difference, you know, I don't think there's any rule of thumb here. I really do believe we can, you know, continue as you saw, in 2024, it was three times, but that was a recovery story. Our guidance has a half a point difference between the yield improvement and a cost improvement. Keep in mind that a point to yield is worth, you know, almost double what a point of cost is. So there is leverage there in and of itself. But we will work hard to continue to maintain our cost consciousness. And as Josh talked about, you know, all the things we're investing in in advertising and revenue management should help drive yields higher over time as well as the continued improvement in margins.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ben Chaiken from Azero Securities. Your line is now live.
Ben Chaiken: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. Celebration Key looks pretty exciting opening up later this summer. Do you think you are in the customer awareness of this product? Like, do you think it's well understood, appreciated, by customers? Or is it still or is that marketing kind of, like, and then and awareness still ramping and then thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Thanks, Ben. I definitely still ramping. I mean, it doesn't exist yet. So we are definitely building momentum. We're building excitement. We're getting the response that we expected with respect to how the bookings are shaping up, which is good to see. But it's still early days. I think the really exciting part is once we're in there really operating and having guests enjoy these experiences and optimizing what we do and how we do it, it takes off from there because right now it's make-believe. So we gotta let everything get in place, and then I think it'll help tremendously.
Ben Chaiken: Got it. Understood. And then in the release and call transcript, you referenced an enhanced destination strategy. Can we open this up a little bit? Does this refer to Celebration Key? Is this a little bit of a teaser to additional opportunities to provide guests with differentiated, you know, Carnival-owned operated destinations? I know you mentioned the Pier at Half Moon Cay, I believe. Just trying to understand the magnitude and direction of the strategy. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. So let's take a step back from any one particular destination. I think what I've seen for a long time now for several years, and I think some are doing better than others, and better than us, is turning their own destinations into something that not only guests but non-cruisers look at and decide that's gonna help tilt my vacation decision to take a cruise. Because the destination itself looks amazing, is an amazing experience, I can only do it on a cruise. And we have not historically, I think, done a good enough job in raising the level of awareness of the amazing destinations that we have and that are in the pipeline. So when it comes to Celebration Key, we're getting a head start because we're doing it before the location exists. When you think about the change to Relax Away for Half Moon Cay, it is beautiful. It is one of the most stunning destinations in the world. And yet, if you're not a cruiser, you don't know anything about it. You're not looking for it. And we're gonna change that dynamic. And with Relax Away, what we're trying to convey to people who don't cruise is really the vibe of the experience that they can get. And the great thing about it is we're leaning into that natural beauty, which is going to be different from Celebration Key. Celebration Key, as we said, that is the ultimate beach day. Right? Relax Away is all about the idyllic. It's being in a tropical paradise, and we're gonna be able to marry those two things together. So people on the same cruise will be able to get both experiences that are very, very different and exclusive to us. And so we're gonna raise our game there. There's more things that we can do without heavy investment with some of the destinations that we own to make that part of that more exclusive collection. So early days, but we're pretty excited about it.
Ben Chaiken: Helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Steve Wieczynski: Yeah. Hey, guys. Good morning. Happy holidays to all you guys. So Josh or David, if we think about the yield guidance for 2025, just based on the fact that you're two-thirds booked already for next year, it seems like you have strong pricing momentum across pretty much all your geographies. I know you'll hate that I'll say this, but it seems like the approximate 4% yield guidance might end up being conservative when we have this same call a year from now. So I guess the question is, can you give us color around the makeup of that yield forecast? And maybe, Dustin, it seems like you could be taking a conservative view around whether it's onboard trends, whether it's the close-in pricing opportunity. And if I ask that question the other way, I mean, if we think about your initial yield guidance last year, which I think was 8.5% and it ended up closer to about 11%, what did you guys underestimate for 2024? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Hey, Steve. Well, first of all, we were a little worried you weren't first in the queue, so we were gonna literally call 911 to make sure you were okay. So glad to hear your voice. All good. Good. Good. Good. You know, look, our goal is to give guidance based on what we know. And it's certainly something that we want to meet and obviously work hard to exceed. Last year, I meant what I said in my prepared remarks. I think it was a fantastic year by the whole team. That outperformance was, I would argue, pretty special. And, you know, also argue that 250 basis points of yield on top of a base of 8.5% proportionally is not 2.5% on top of 4.2%. So we have a very good handle, I think, on where we are today. Much more so than last year even because we're already back up in full occupancy percentage more or less that we always get. If you remember, the first half of the year, we still catch up, which is like five points of our improvement in yields last year. Was occupancy. I think we're in a more stable place than we were. You know, well, the onboard spends have been fantastic. There's no doubt about it, and we're working hard to continue that trend. And when you look at the 4.2%, you know, there's a little bit for occupancy, but it's all price. Right? Outside of a little bit of occupancy, it's price, and it is a combination of the ticket side and the onboard spot continuing. And we'll work hard to optimize as much as we can. I promise you, our goal is the same as yours. Is get as much revenue as we can.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. That's good color. And then, Josh, if we look at slide seventeen, you know about SeaChange. You noted your EBITDA per ALBD, you know, it's gonna be hopefully achieved in 2025. You know, but if we look at your ROIC targets, we look at the even carbon reduction target, I mean, it's almost like you're gonna hit those potentially hit those as well next year. So you know, I guess the question is, do you start to think about laying out another set of long-range financial targets, you know, at some point? To us, it seems like those sea change targets really were important pillars and gave the investment community something to really rally behind. So I'm trying to get a little bit more color on how you're thinking about the long-term opportunities here.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. No. Look. When we get there, I can tell you that whether we do it on the same day or whether we wait a quarter to catch our breath, I can promise you I like the concept of longer-term targets that we set for ourselves and we set for our investors so you can understand what we think our trajectory should be. And I can motivate my team internally to rally around what I think we should be expecting of ourselves. So, yes, you can expect that to happen when we get there. And look, I'd love nothing more than to get to where we say we're gonna be in 2026 sea change targets early. You know, we need about a hundred million bucks of operating income to get to the ROIC. Carbon will be harder. We have a pretty good understanding of where we are, but getting to 19% is pretty good, and we'll see what happens.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Gotcha. And real quick housekeeping-wise, David, is there anything we should think about in terms of the cadence of costs? Obviously, we've got the first quarter NCC guide, but anything else through the rest of the year we should about?
David Bernstein: So as you can imagine, it is tough in terms of seasonalization because between quarters. But, you know, the guidance I would give you is that in the second quarter, we do expect higher dry dock days. So I wouldn't be surprised if the second and third quarters were, call it, one point five to two points above the full-year average in the fourth quarter as lower. That's about the best initial guidance I can give you. But we too will probably see some changes because, you know, this guidance presumes we've made every decision on all advertising and everything else between the quarters. So just take it as a forecast.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Thanks, guys. Happy holidays.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is now live.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Obviously, fantastic guidance here. And better than expected. I did want to ask about two things just to get a feel for whether these things are in your guidance or how much they're in your guidance and whether this would be additional upside. First is, you know, Celebration Key, you mentioned obviously expected to be very successful and a driver, but you're not really able to see at this point what it would add really to ticket price or onboard spend. So I'm just wondering if you could help us understand how much and really how little you may have in your yield guidance today for Celebration Key. I know in your cruise cost guidance, it's that fifty basis point. How much is it in your yield guidance at the moment? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. Thanks, Robin. So it is in our guidance, but I'll give you some magnitude of just what touches Celebration Key this year. And it's only 5% of our total sailings in 2025. So it's not that much. When we get to 2026, and we're on kind of a full-year run rate basis, you're talking about 15% plus. So it will be more meaningful for the company overall. Nonetheless, I'm not gonna say what it is, but we're happy to say that we look at our bookings in the fourth quarter for Carnival, we are seeing the premium that we expected to see. Just get this.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then also in your EPS guidance, I think that you have three billion in debt that's callable next year. I hope I'm getting this number right, but it's and I assume that you're not factoring in the lower interest cost from some of that very expensive debt. If that were redone at maybe what some other things this year have been done at, could that be, you know, twenty or twenty-five cents of sort of upside in annual interest expense savings? Is that kind of the ballpark to think about potential upside?
David Bernstein: So twenty to twenty-five cents. Twenty cents would be two hundred and eighty million dollars because it's zero point one four dollars per penny. So just keep that in mind. I'm not sure what you were thinking of. I will say that there is opportunity on the refinancings. We do expect to address those two double-digit interest rate debts that you're referring to. The most callable, as you said, in the first half of the year. There will be some additional savings. We will look at that throughout the year. We did include just a bit of interest savings in our forecast, but, you know, because we're not sure what the market will bring in terms of interest rates to us. So there is hopefully, we'll have a number of successful transactions this year, which will provide some upside for it should say, some lower interest expense.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from James Hardiman from Citi. Your line is now live.
James Hardiman: Hey. Good morning. So I wanted to ask maybe a big picture question. Obviously, not a whole lot of capacity being added here, and so much of the growth story is organic, obviously. And so I guess my first question is, how much of that organic turnaround do you think it's a function of sort of factors taking place in the industry versus, I don't know, self-help? Right? You listed obviously a whole bunch of things that you're doing brand by brand. I'm ultimately trying to figure out sort of the sustainability of this organic growth that we're seeing right now.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. Hey, James. How you doing? Man, I wish I could tell you, you know, what the scientific answer to your question is about the industry overall versus us. I think the industry being more mainstream along with us is certainly a fantastic thing for everybody. And I don't want to discount that. But I meant what I said about same ship sales. You know, we got almost 10% yields on the same ship. And if you look at our history, our historic growth rate on revenue was significantly lower than our cruise competitor set. When you look I don't know what they're gonna do next year, but when you look at this year, we're right in the mix and or at the top. So I feel very good that our trajectory is changing for us versus what we had been accustomed to, and it means we've got a pretty good amount of headroom as we look forward because people should be paying more for our experiences. Not only vis a vis our cruise competitors, but I'm talking about vis a vis the experience gap, you know, that exists on what we do versus what land offers. What we call the price to experience ratio is just remarkably skewed. And we should be getting a lot more versus what land competitors do. And I think it's probably a pretty good sign that I'm right about that and the potential when you think about Disney. It basically says we're gonna underinvest in things we have in the past, but we're gonna double down on cruise. They see the value of that as well. So I think we're in good company, and we've got a lot of self-help along the way.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then guess along those same lines, although in a lot of ways, I'm asking previous questions in a different way, but you finished 2024 with per diems up north of 5%. The guidance for the year, I guess, yield guidance is 4 to know, there's some occupancy in there. And then, you know, first quarter is 4.6. So we're going five plus to 4.6 something lower. I guess from our perspective, right, Celebration Key, which comes on in the back half, should actually help with some acceleration. I guess, is there anything quantifiable that we should be thinking about that would weigh on per diems as we work our way through the year? You know, maybe an itinerary, geographical mix issue or is this just, you know, you get some version of this question every quarter. Right? Is this just sort of conservatism the further out you look?
Josh Weinstein: I get my same answers that we've been giving. Right? We're trying to be as transparent as we can be with everyone on the call and everyone who's not on the call. You know, we haven't been through Wave yet. We will although it's been a remarkable ride two years, it feels like Wave hasn't stopped since, you know, summer of 2022. But we haven't been there yet, and so we'll see what that brings us. And we'll talk again in March.
James Hardiman: Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Patrick Scholes from Truist. Your line is now live. Patrick, perhaps your phone is on mute.
Patrick Scholes: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Operator: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Patrick Scholes: Great. Great. Thank you. I'd like to ask a little bit about Mexico for my first question, you know, some news out there lately regarding additional passenger charges on that. Josh, do you think this is a done deal? Or is there any chance that that may not go through at this point? And then specifically for your folks, for your ships, you know, what percentage of your itineraries do make a stop at a port in Mexico? That's my first question. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Yep. So right off the bat, no. I do not think it is a done deal. You know, we've spent dealing with this with the folks in Mexico for the last few weeks. We were not consulted. No one was consulted when this was passed. It's pretty clear to me. I have a lot of respect for the president and what she's doing. But she was misinformed, not informed, and no one was thinking through the ramifications of what they were suggesting. And there's a reason why cruise is in transit historically. As opposed to people who fly into Mexico and stay there for several days. So it's already been pushed off to July first. We're not satisfied with that. We want to have good dialogue with the government and explain all the benefits that we bring to Mexico, which are significant, and it doesn't take much to tweak itineraries to effectively erase what the proposed tax is on the industry. And so I feel we are engaged in those conversations. We hope to have more after the New Year, but it's definitely not settled. And we have nothing in the forecast for these changes for the tax, just so everybody knows. Nothing for the year. As far as what the impact would be, for 2025, you know, assuming it did go into place and we made no changes, starting in July of 2025 with less than 5% of our itineraries for the year for the rest of the year.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Thank you. Certainly, a fluid situation. And then a follow-up question is on the year-over-year growth rate in your passenger ticket revenues versus year-over-year growth rate in your commissions, transportation, and other. The past several quarters, those growth rates sort of moved in line or lockstep. This most recent quarter, you did have a noticeable increase in passenger ticket revenue percentages higher than the commissions paid out. You know, are you starting to see more book direct or anything to read in? Right. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Patrick, we should talk after the call. I thought it was a pretty close I thought it was a tenth of a percent or something. It's very close. Oh, okay. Revenue. Okay. I come up a little bit different. We'll talk about that after the call. But anything else to consider?
Patrick Scholes: Nothing else to consider. I mean, that's the numbers you know do vary a little bit from quarter to quarter because of currency and the amount of ARC mix that we have. But nothing significant otherwise.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Thank you for the clarification.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
David Katz: Hi, afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Covered a lot already. I wanted to get a sense for the cost side of the equation. Right? And know, the variability within there, right? The degree to which know, and what would have to happen for you to turn out a little bit better on the cost increases that you may have built into your guidance. And then I have a quick follow-up.
David Bernstein: Yeah. So if we're talking about the full year, you know, and the 3.7%, you know, the thing that is likely to change over time is most likely to be the efficiencies we find in the magnitude of those efficiencies. We are constantly working hard. We have lots of ideas out there. It is always very difficult to figure out the exact timing. And we did build quite a bit into our guidance and into our forecast. We continue to work hard to improve on those. And so last year, we were able to exceed what our expectations were. And we'll work hard to try to do better this year, but it's very hard on the timing of all these items. Plus, you know, we built in inflation something a little bit less than 3%. And trying to get that number perfect. I mean, if you know absolutely in every category what inflation will be in 2025, let me know because we did the best we could. But I'm sure some of those pieces are gonna be off. As I always say, there's only one thing I know about every forecast, it's wrong. I just don't know by how much and in what direction.
David Katz: Well said. I wanted to follow up just on the leverage side of things. When I look back historically, at you know, where the company has operated, you know, obviously, making good progress today, but you know, should we be thinking about the two times or better, you know, as a long-term aspirational target? Is that still achievable?
Josh Weinstein: Well, that's for a proud former treasurer of the company. It's not a target we have for ourselves right now. Know, our target right now is to investment-grade metrics, which is three and a half times. How strong we wanna rebuild that fortress, that's still up for a decision, you know, do we need to be an A-minus rated company again bordering on A, which is, you know, some of the situations we found ourselves in, I could argue no, we don't need to. Do we wanna be a solid investment grade? Absolutely. So as we get closer to that metric, know, we're obviously gonna be having conversations with our board to really set out what we think the right balance is between that balance sheet strength, investing in ourselves, investing in our shareholder returns via dividends or buybacks will remain to be seen. What the formal being when. But that all goes into the mix, but I'd say nobody should be thinking about a two-time as a target we're setting for ourselves.
David Katz: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Jaime Katz from Morningstar. Your line is now live.
Jaime Katz: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. First, I'm hoping that you guys can talk a little bit about wave season. I guess I'm trying to understand how to think about balancing filling the rest of 2025 with pulling forward more demand from 2026 and whether or not one is a better strategy than the other without giving too much competitive information away. You know, is there a way to, I guess, bundle even less than you are bundling now and, you know, maybe promote less in order to optimize pricing? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah. Thanks. So it's a little bit of a hard question to answer. You know, we are actively and have been actively selling 2025 and 2026 for some time as you might have picked up in the prepared remarks, we actually just had a record this past quarter for booking activity for the further year out, so 2026 in this case. So I think our brands are actually when it comes to revenue management optimizing the shape of the curve, they're doing a pretty solid job across the board, which doesn't mean there's not a lot of room for improvement, but a pretty solid job. So everyone's hitting wave in slightly different positions with respect to how much they're booked for 2025 and in what quarters. So I'd say it's a case-by-case decision about how they're gonna be tackling Wave. I would say everybody does promotions and wave. Everyone. It's how you get people interested in cruising during this critical period. But will remind you, we did promotions last year. In which? And we ended up with 11% yields. So the promotional tactics and tools that we use, they're healthy. And they're part of the process that we go through.
Jaime Katz: And then the other question I have is a little bit of a longer-term strategic question. Right? We know what the costs are affiliated with Celebration Key this summer, but I suspect this isn't a one-and-done project. So is there some non-newbuild CapEx we should be thinking of, like, level that will be in these brand-building projects longer term that might be higher than it was in the past?
Josh Weinstein: That's a fair question. I think if you think about things that we've been investing in outside of the new build, Celebration Key, Appear at Half Moon Key, Aida Evolutions, which is their mid-shift refurbishment plan. And Aida is much to Carnival's chagrin, Aida is pretty much neck and neck with Carnival for the highest returning brand in our portfolio. We're making the right investments in non-new builds to continue the momentum that we have. As far as what the ultimate level is on a run-rate basis goes, you know, I don't have a number for you that I'd stick to that says over the next six years or seven years, this is what you should expect. But clearly, we're making these investments on the basis that they are gonna support the improved returns that we demand of ourselves. So about $600 million for Celebration Key as we've talked about. Another few hundred million for what we're doing at Relax Away, Half Moon Key. And Aida evolutions, you know, for any one particular ship that they're going through this process, you're talking about, you know, tens of millions, but we think it's tens of millions that really is gonna be a boost for a brand that is incredibly high returning. So I don't know, David, if you wanna add any more color?
David Bernstein: Yeah. The only thing I'd say is, I mean, you saw in the press release what our number was for 2025. In all likelihood, it's gonna be something similar to that going forward, but it's hard to say exactly what it will be every single year. Because there are so many bigger decisions that we'll be making over time which will make up that number.
Josh Weinstein: One thing I would say about the destination side is Celebration Key and Happy New Year are a little bit unique in the scope and size of what we're doing. The other destinations we have in our footprint, they're amazing. And we will spend some money over time to do some things and make the experience better and better opportunity for us to generate returns. But I don't see other than maybe a continued expansion or celebration key as we've already been talking about through the end of this decade, I'm not sure I on the horizon anything that I'd flag for you right now is kind of out of the that we'd be talking about in six months or a year.
Jaime Katz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Brandt Montour from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the results today. So the first question you're welcome. So the first question is on the booking curve. Josh, and I don't know if this is an easy one to answer. But when you try to take forecasting out of it and you just focus in on your booking curve today versus the way or versus how your bookings looked at the same time last year, does the pricing look any less robust than this time last year, perhaps tougher comps or anything else that you would highlight?
Josh Weinstein: Well, I mean, it's certainly tougher comps this year than it was last year. The brands are, you know, as I said, though, in the prepared remarks, we're basically at a higher occupancy at a higher price point and that's across all four quarters. So I think the brands are doing a good job of continuing the momentum and optimizing that curve. So it probably doesn't answer the question the way you'd like it to, but we'll see where that shakes out. We gave you our view of yields as of now and we'll update you as there's things to update.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just a quick housekeeping. The Red Sea had something like a hundred and thirty million dollar impact last year. How much of that effectively do you get back in 2025 and sort of how should we think about the timing of it and the cadence and where it would kind of show up in the comps?
Josh Weinstein: Yep. So I think when it all shook out, it was probably a little less than a hundred million dollars, you know, at the end of the day as we did our analysis for 2024. I think the thing about year-over-year for 2025 that people need to keep in mind is it's not a huge springback. And the reason why is if you think about this time last year, we had already sold our world cruises. People were already on them before the Red Sea became a thing. We had to scramble. We did everything we had to do. It cost us ninety million dollars. This year, we're in a different place, which is we knowingly took Red Sea out of the equation, you know, back in February, March for 2025, which meant we had to sell cruises that weren't necessarily as attractive to sell because you can't go through the Red Sea. And so from a year-over it's a different kind of pain point that we had to deal with. And we dealt with, and it's in our numbers. But it means that, you know, what you'd love to see is kind of this bounce back and we're whole and we move forward. I don't think 2025 versus 2024 is really the year that we'll see that. The normalization is now and so 2026 versus 2025 will be on an apples-to-apples basis.
Brandt Montour: Because the lower yields offsetting no disruption this year?
Josh Weinstein: More or less in high level. Yeah. I think that's fair.
Brandt Montour: Alright. Congrats again, guys. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks very much, Brandt. Okay. So with that, I think we're overtime. So I'd say happy holidays and wish everybody on the call nothing but good health and happiness in 2025. Thanks much for joining.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-09-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Carnival Corporation Plc Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Beth Roberts: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by our CEO, Josh Weinstein, our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and our Chair, Micky Arison. Before we begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I will refer you to the forward-looking statement in today's press release. All references to ticket prices, net per diems, net yields and adjusted cruise costs without fuel will be in constant currency, unless otherwise stated. References to per diems and yields will be on a net basis. Our comments may also reference cruise costs without fuel, EBITDA, net income, free cash flow and ROIC, all of which will be on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise stated. All these references are non-GAAP financial measures defined in our earnings press release. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are also contained in our earnings press release and in our investor presentation. Please visit our corporate website where our earnings press release and investor presentation can be found. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Beth. Before I begin, I'd like to express my support and heartfelt sympathy for all those impacted by Hurricane Helene this past week. Our thoughts and prayers are with you. With that, I'll turn to our prepared remarks. As September comes to an end and we closed out the year, I am happy to report that we are delivering well in excess of 2024 expectations. We've also built an even stronger base of business for 2025, and we're off to an unprecedented start to 2026. Our third quarter by all accounts was phenomenal, breaking multiple records and outperforming on every measure. Revenues hit an all-time high of almost $8 billion, a $1 billion more than last year's record levels. Record EBITDA exceeded $2.8 billion, up $600 million over last year and $160 million over guidance and we delivered over 60% more net income than the year prior, achieving double-digit ROIC as of the end of our third quarter. These improvements were driven by high-margin same-ship yield growth across all major brands, not driven by capacity growth. And it resulted in EBITDA and operating income on a unit basis of 20% and 26%, respectively to levels we've not seen in the last 15 years. Strong demand enabled us to increase our full year yield guidance for the third time this year. And consistent with our historical emphasis on efficiency, we also improved our cost guidance, which enabled us to drive more revenue to the bottom-line with around 99% of our 2024 ticket revenue already on the books were poised to deliver record EBITDA of $6 billion, almost $600 million above our prior peak and $400 million above the original guidance we set in December. ROIC is expected to end the year at 10.5%, 1.5 points better than our original December guidance and almost double last year's ending point. Looking forward, the momentum continues as we actively manage the demand curve. At this point in time, 2025 is a historical highs on both occupancy and price. All core deployments are at higher prices than the prior year. Every brand in our portfolio is well booked at higher pricing in 2025, demonstrating the ongoing benefit of our demand generation efforts throughout our optimized portfolio. Our base loading strategy is continuing to work well, allowing us to take price, thanks to having pulled ahead on occupancy. In fact, in the last three months, our 2025 booked positions price advantage versus last year has actually widened for the full year and for each quarter individually. And with nearly half of 2025 already booked, we feel confident in maintaining our trajectory. While early days, the benefit of our enhanced commercial performance is carrying nicely into 2026 as we just achieved record booking volumes in the last three months for sailings that for out. This incredibly strong book position for 2024, 2025 and 2026 drove record third quarter customer deposits towards $7 billion, and that's along with continued growth in pre-cruise purchases of onboard revenue. It's also gratifying to note the onboard spending levels were not only up strong again this quarter. Our year-over-year improvement in onboard per diems actually accelerated from the prior quarter. In essence, all demand indicators are continuing to move in the right direction. And we have so much more in the pipeline to sustain this momentum, including the North American Premier of the highly successful Sun Princess in just a few weeks. This will be followed by the introduction of her sister ship, Star Princess, the second next-generation Princess ship coming online in a year. We also continue to invest in the existing fleet with major modernization programs like AIDA evolution expected to deliver additional revenue uplift over the coming years. As you know, we're not just going to be buoyed by our ship. I can't wait for the introduction of our game-changing Bahamian destination Celebration Key. It's five portals built for fun were opened in July 2025, but it really ramps up in 2026 when Celebration Key serves as a premium call for 19 Carnival Cruise Line Ships and rest assured, we're already planning for our Phase 2 landside development to fully leverage the use of the four berths we're building. In 2026, there's also the midyear introduction of a two-berth pier at Half Moon Cay, are naturally beautiful and pristine Beach consistently rated among the top private islands in the Caribbean. These two destinations will be available to even our largest ships, further reducing fuel costs and our environmental footprint at the same time. Stay tuned as we'll be sharing more exciting reveals about Half Moon Cay in the next few months. We're also stepping up our marketing efforts in the fourth quarter, which David will touch on. Our elevated marketing investment has been working as we continue to drive demand well in excess of our capacity growth with year-to-date web visits up over 40% versus 2019; paid search, up more than 60%; and natural search up over 70%. Our brands are iterating on under creative marketing and constantly finding ways to attract more attention to the amazing product and execution we already deliver on board, and it is continuing to pay off as we chip away at the unwarranted price disparity to land-based vacations. All of these activities, along with strong support from our travel agent partners, have allowed us to once again take share from land-based peers as we attract even more new-to-cruise guests. In fact, both new-to-cruise and repeat guests were up double-digit percentages over last year. Now, turning to our balance sheet. We expect to continue on our path towards investment grade and have a clear line of sight for further debt paydown, having recently finalized our order book through 2028. We have just three ships spread over the next four years. That's one ship delivery in 2025, one in 2026, and one ship in each of 2027 and 2028. This limited order book should also position us well to continue to create demand in excess of capacity growth. Our continued focus on high-margin same-ship yield growth should deliver improving EBITDA off of this year's record levels. Of course, strong and growing free cash flow and further debt reductions provide a consistent formula for ongoing improvement in our leverage metrics and a continuation in the trajectory we have experienced already this year, resulting in a two-turn improvement in debt to EBITDA in just nine months. We have certainly come a long way in a relatively short amount of time. In just two years, we've already more than doubled our revenue and are going from negative EBITDA to an expected all-time high of $6 billion this year. This remarkable achievement is all thanks to our global team. They continue to outperform as we progress through 2024 and they are also setting us up for a successful 2025. It is their continued execution that has put us firmly on the path to achieving our SEA Change targets. And just as important, they once again powered our ability to deliver unforgettable happiness to nearly 4 million guests this past quarter by providing them with extraordinary cruise vacations, while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit, and life we touch. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. I'll start today with a summary of our 2024 third quarter results. Next, I will provide the highlights of our fourth quarter September guidance, some color on our improved full year guidance, along with a few other things to consider for 2025, then I'll finish up with an update on our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. Let's turn to the summary of our third quarter results. Net income exceeded June guidance by $170 million as we outperformed once again. The outperformance was essentially driven by two things; first, favorability in revenue were $40 million as yields came in up 8.7% compared to the prior year. This was 0.7 point better than June guidance, driven by close-in strength in ticket prices as well as onboard and other spending. Second, cruise costs without fuel for available lower berth day or ALBD, improved slightly compared to the prior year and were nearly 5 percentage points better than June guidance, which was worth over $125 million. The third quarter benefited from cost-saving opportunities, accelerated easing of inflationary pressures, benefits from one-time items and the timing of expenses between the quarters. Most of the third quarter cruise cost benefits will flow through as an improvement to our full year September guidance. Per diems for the third quarter improved at least 6% versus the prior year driven by higher ticket prices and improved onboard spending on both sides of the Atlantic. At same time, our European brands on the path back to higher occupancy levels saw outsized growth in occupancy of 5 percentage points as compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the third quarter, we reported record-setting operating results with strong demand, delivering record revenues, record yields, record per diems and record operating income. Now two things to highlight about our fourth quarter September guidance. The positive trends we saw in the third quarter are expected to continue in the fourth. The yield guidance growth for the fourth quarter is set at 5% over the prior year. The difference between the yield guidance for the fourth quarter and the third quarter yield improvement of 8.7% is the result of a tougher prior year comparison as fourth quarter 2023 per diems were up over 10% versus just 5% for the third quarter of 2023. Having said that, it is great to see that we anticipate continued strong yield growth in the fourth quarter and that it is driven primarily by price. Cruise costs without fuel per available lower berth day for the fourth quarter are expected to be up 8% like first quarter of 2024, which was up 7.3%. Both quarters are impacted by higher dry dock days and higher advertising expenses planned, and we did have about $25 million of anticipated third quarter costs shift to the fourth quarter. As I have said many times, relative to cruise cost per ALBD judge us on the full year and not the quarters as we often see certain cost items like dry dock expense, advertising and other items have different seasonalization between the quarters from year-to-year. 2024 is a great example of this, where cruise costs without fuel per ALBD were up 7.3% in the first quarter, essentially flat in the second quarter, improved slightly in the third quarter and are expected to be up approximately 8% in the fourth quarter. Turning to our improved full year September guidance. Net income for September guidance is set at $1.76 billion, a $210 million improvement over our June guidance. This improvement was driven by three things; first, an improvement in yields to 10.4% by flowing through the $40 million revenue benefit from the third quarter. Second, a one point improvement in cruise cost per ALBD to approximately 3.5% from flowing through $100 million of the $125 million cost benefit from the third quarter with $25 million re-seasonalize to the fourth quarter, as I previously mentioned. And third, a benefit from fuel pricing currency worth $70 million, the strong 10.4% improvement in 2024 yields is a result of the increase in all the component parts, higher ticket prices, higher onboard spending, and higher occupancy at historical levels, with all three components improving on both sides of the Atlantic. Now a few things for you to consider for 2025, we are forecasting a capacity increase of just 7%, compared to 2024. We are well positioned to drive 2025 pricing higher with less inventory remaining to sell than the same time last year. We are also looking forward to the introduction of our game-changing Bahamian destination, Celebration Key in July 2025. We anticipate that Celebration Key will be a smash hit with our guests and provided excellent return on our investment. However, we do expect that the operating expenses for the destination will impact our overall year-over-year cost comparisons by about half a point. In 2025, we are expecting 688 dry dock days, an increase of 17% versus 2024, which will also impact our overall year-over-year cost comparison by about 0.75. I will finish up with a summary of our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. With record third quarter EBITDA of $2.8 billion, our efforts to proactively manage our debt profile continue. Since June, we prepaid another $625 million of debt bringing our total prepayments to $7.3 billion since the beginning of 2023. Additionally, we successfully upsized the borrowing capacity on our revolving credit facility by nearly $500 million, bringing the total undrawn commitment to $3 billion back to its 2019 level. Furthermore, we will continue to look for more opportunistic re-financings overtime. Our leverage metrics will continue to improve in 2024, as our EBITDA continues to grow, and our debt levels improve. Using our September guidance EBITDA of $6 billion, we expect better than a two-turn improvement in net debt-to-EBITDA leverage compared to year-end 2023 and approaching 4.5 times and positioning us two-thirds of the way down the path to investment-grade metrics. Looking forward, we expect substantial free cash flow driven by our ongoing focus on operational execution and among the lowest newbuild order book in decades to deliver continued improvements in our leverage metrics and our balance sheet, moving us further down the road to rebuilding our financial fortress, while continuing the process of transferring value from debt holders back to shareholders. Now operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. And congrats on another really nice quarter.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Boss: So Josh, on the continued momentum, maybe could you elaborate on the stronger base of business for 2025 and the record start to 2026 that you cited? Maybe if you could touch on volume and pricing trends that you're currently seeing across regions and maybe specifically in Europe?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So I'm probably broad-based is the best way to talk about the strength and what we're seeing on 2025. The book position is higher for both North America and our European brands, and that's consistent across the quarters as well. So we're positioned very well. Our brands have been doing a great job of pulling forward the booking curve and now we get to take price, which is the goal. So it's very encouraging. We are we're about two-thirds booked when you look at next 12 months. So we're in a pretty enviable place. Matt, do you have a follow-up?
Matthew Boss: Yes, thanks. So maybe just a follow-up would be on the balance sheet. If you could speak to capital priorities from here, just given the free cash flow generation and some of the changes that you've made?
David Bernstein: So basically, our priority one, two and three is debt reduction, where you have the goal of becoming investment grade, and we do expect to see both the reduction in our debt levels as well as the improvement in our EBITDA, achieve investment-grade metrics as part of our SEA Change program towards the end of 2026. And so we've got plenty of time to think about other alternatives beyond that.
Matthew Boss: Great. Congrats, again. Best of luck.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes, hi, guys. Good morning. And congratulations on the strong quarter and the outlook. So Josh or David, this might be some of a shortsighted question. And David, you touched on this a little bit in your prepared remarks. But if we kind of think about the fourth quarter yield guidance, it looks to us like it might be a little bit lower versus the implied guidance for the fourth quarter back in -- that you gave back in June. So just wondering if there's anything from a -- whether it's a pricing perspective or any geography or brand, it is showing any -- I don't want to use the word softness, but I guess I have to use that word or weakening in pricing during the fourth quarter? Or are you guys just taking a more conservative view around onboard spending over the next couple of months?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Hi, Steve, this is Josh. Actually, I'm not sure your math, but there was really no change from where we were in June guidance when it comes to the fourth quarter on the yield side. We always said -- when we came out with our guidance, frankly, in December, we were challenged a lot, particularly in the fourth quarter, and people didn't think we'd be able to actually reach breakeven year-over-year because the fourth quarter of 2023 was so strong. So now we're talking about 5%, and we feel good about that.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then, Josh, I want to ask about the 2025 and 2026 bookings, and you talked how you're already 50% booked for next year and in a pretty good position, it seems like already for 2026. So just wondering if you think about your booking window. Has it expanded too much? We're saying that differently? Are you nearing a point where you might start leaving -- you might be leaving money on the table if demand kind of stays status quo from here? And then following up on that question, just wondering if you've seen demand accelerate for bookings, maybe more in late 2025 and 2026 that are going to be touching celebration key?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So as -- the great point on the booking curve, the goal is not an ever-increasing booking curve. It's to maximize the revenue that we're going to generate by the time we sell. I would say this is a brand-by-brand, itinerary-by-itinerary buildup. And I would say that almost all of our brands are pretty much -- are higher year-over-year. There's one that's not, and that's an active decision to pull back because we want to make sure we're not leaving price on the table, exactly to your point. So despite the fact that overall, we're in a record position, we are looking at that, obviously, with a lot more clinical eye and making sure we're doing the right thing to optimize that revenue. When it comes to Celebration Key, clearly, there's a premium and it's going to benefit us, in particular, if the 2026 ongoing story when we get to ramp up to about 20 ships, which is going to be pretty fantastic. And the fact that we're doing all of this that we've been able to talk about with 2024 and even into the first half of 2025, it's got nothing to do with Celebration Key. This is just based on the natural demand and all the commercial activities that we're doing and delivering on board, and that's supporting real strong revenue increases.
Steve Wieczynski: Got you. Thanks for that, Josh. Really appreciate it. Congrats, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. I know it's too early to give guidance for 2025 but...
Josh Weinstein: You're going to ask anyway -- but you're going to ask anyway.
Robin Farley: Let me just ask it this way, which I think is harmless. Given everything you're saying about the booked position for 2025 and even 2026 being at record levels, is it fair to say that you're off to a better start for 2025 than a typical year? So hopefully, that's an innocent way to ask it. And then I also did just want to clarify on the expense. David, I heard what you mentioned the $25 million of expense that that was sort of borrowed from -- will show up in Q4 that that kind of shifted $25 million. But was there a separate amount, and I apologize if I missed this, it was a onetime cost saves this year that we should think about coming back in 2025? I just wanted to catch what that amount was and even what it was for. If you would share that. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Okay. So I will actually very directly answer your question. So we are starting off even better for 2025 than we did for 2024, which is shaping up to be a record year. We are higher in occupancy, and we're higher in price and the brands doing a great job of really trying to optimize that booking curve and revenue generation. So that's not guidance, but it's a point in time, and that's where we are.
Robin Farley: Okay. Thanks.
David Bernstein: As far as the second question is concerned, yes, there were a couple of reasons why we reduced cost by the full point of the year. One included some onetime benefits, wasn't huge, probably about $20 million of the $100 million related to some pension credits and a few other little things for the year.
Robin Farley: Okay, Great. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Chaiken with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ben Chaiken: Hi. Good morning. On the cost side, EBITDA flow-through has been stronger than expected. It was almost 60%. Costs have been better generally for the majority of the year. Can you talk about some of the cost saves, margin opportunities you're finding? Is this simply better leveraging a fleet that is now leaner subsequent to some of the asset sales over the past few years? Or is it cost that you're actively pulling out of the business or both? Thanks.
David Bernstein: No, it's not cost that we're pulling out of the business. I mean what we're seeing is hundreds of small items across the board, across many brands, things like crew travel savings, other port savings opportunities as well as a lot of sourcing savings, cost innovation better leveraging our scale across all the brands. And that probably represented about half of the $100 million cost savings that we roll through for the full year.
Ben Chaiken: Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess for Josh, higher level, you folded P&O Australia into the Carnival brand this year. I know it was somewhat smaller scale, but do you think there's other opportunities to streamline the portfolio in a similar way going forward? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. I'd never say never take things off the table. I think this is one of those decisions that just made a lot of sense and something that we felt pretty passionately about executing quickly. We'll continue to review our portfolio brand-by-brand, ship-by-ship. But right now, we feel real good about how we're entering 2025.
Ben Chaiken: Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
James Hardiman: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to dig into some of the cost commentary you gave us, David. So 3.5% growth for this year, that seems like it's getting better, obviously, with some cost saves and maybe better inflation. I think you called out about 0.5 point next year for Celebration Key and another 75 bps from dry-docks. I guess, are there any call-outs on the other side of that equation? I don't think our starting point should be in that 5% range if we were to just take the 3.5% this year and add those 2% callouts. Maybe talk us through sort of what the base level of inflation is as we think about 2025 and any other sort of positive factors that will help offset some of the negative ones for next year?
David Bernstein: Well, it's if you know exactly what inflation is going to be over the next 15 months, let me know, but we're still trying to figure that out. There is some level of inflation that continues in our business. We'll include that within our guidance when we provided in December Plus, we continue to work on cost-saving opportunities. As I said in the June call, even though we have the best cost metrics in the business. We still believe there are opportunities in our business to further leverage our scale and to work through those opportunities as we did in the second and the third quarter, and we'll continue to do so. And we'll include some of that in our guidance, which will offset some of inflation. So -- but stay tuned. The two things that I gave in my prepared remarks were relative to the dry-docks and the cost of Celebration Key are pretty well fixed at this point. And so we wanted to highlight those in the prepared remarks.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then obviously, it sounds like everything is going pretty well from a demand perspective. Maybe speak to one of the questions that we keep getting is the potential for the widening conflict in the Middle East to negatively impact your business. I mean I -- to some degree, it would seem to help that much of that region was already vacated in 2024. I guess the hope was that, that would be a '25 tailwind. That now seems off the table. But just maybe speak to how, if at all, you expect that region to impact your business next year?
Josh Weinstein: So we weren't banking on it getting better and hope to god it doesn't get worse -- thoughts -- everybody in the Middle East region and hoping for peace. But our business isn't really contingent on it. It's not a major source market for us, and we're not going to the region. So unless it were to escalate to something significantly wider than the Middle East, our ships are mobile, and we're in source markets that are phenomenal for us with lots of potential.
James Hardiman: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Scholes: Hi guys. Good morning everyone. My first question, you talked about dry docks increasing next year. Can you give us a little more possible granularity on dry dock increases or decreases for perhaps some quarters by quarter for next year modeling purposes? Thank you.
David Bernstein: So I don't have all that detailed handy, Patrick. But if you call Beth, I'm sure she can provide that to you.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Beth, we will call you. Thank you. And then second, I see there's some news out about a new cruise pier at Half Moon Cay. Do you have any longer-term plans above and beyond just a pier for Half Moon Cay, such as water parks and the like down the road?
Josh Weinstein: So well, I'll give you a yes and a no. So, do we have more plans? Absolutely. Do we want a water park? Absolutely not. So the difference between Celebration Key and what we're building at -- and pardon me, the difference between Half Moon Cay and what we're building a Celebration Key is Celebration Key is really about 5 portals of fun and looking to be that entertainment center. What we have at Half Moon Cay is one of the most naturally beautiful white sand Beach, Crescent Shape islands in the Caribbean. And that's a true private destination and something that we want to enhance. And we will be talking about that more over the coming months. I won't steal Christine's thunder, but good things coming that are going to make that in a pretty amazing destination and of itself for a completely different reason.
Patrick Scholes: Great. Sounds great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Brandt Montour: Good morning everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. So just starting off, we haven't really touched on SEA Change and your 3-year targets there. We kind of got a little bit of an update in the release. I guess the question is, Josh, with this new '24 full year guidance, obviously, we can calculate the progress you're making, and we can look at that number and sort of imply some KPIs yields cost to get to those targets. And it's implying a pretty narrow spread between those two. And would give us the sense that if we harken back to your  what you gave us in the Investor Day, what you were thinking for per diems that were sustainable and costs that were sustainable that we would think you could do better? So I guess if you could just  I know that, that was a long-winded way of asking the same question that you've already gotten twice. But if you could just give us a sense for how you think about the business in the current operating environment given all the positive commentary you've said today vis--vis those longer-term targets?
Josh Weinstein: Well, I think the teams around the world are doing a phenomenal job. And if you think about  in December, we were saying up 8.5 points on percent on yields, up 4.5% cost, which gets us to 9% ROIC. And now we're seeing up almost 10.5% on yield, only up 3.5% on cost. It gets us to 10.5% on ROIC. So clearly, we're outperforming the expectations. It gets us about 75% of the way there for two of the metrics, the EBITDA per ALBD and the ROIC after one year with 2 years remaining and carbon is progressing as expected. We're about 50% there after one year. So the teams aren't doing all those things to make targets. They're doing those things to make their guests happy and provide great business results and the outcome that's going to be hitting those targets. Do I want to hit them early? Yes, do I want to get further than that? Absolutely. But we'll take that in stride, and we'll probably talk more when we get to December guidance, and you could put that in context where we'll end in 2025 and then take it from there.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just a follow-up, maybe, Josh, if you could address the broader land-based leisure demand environment, what we're seeing elsewhere is not what cruise has seen, we see steady, slow somewhat softer normalization. We don't get any of that from you in your commentary today. I guess, we understand why it's happening, but if the rest of the world is narrowing a little bit toward narrowing your, let's say, your gap from the top. Do you see any of that affecting your consumers' behavior and willingness to spend and pricing sensitivity?
Josh Weinstein: We are still a remarkable value to land-based alternatives. And maybe land-base is softening because we're doing better. Who knows? You have to ask them that. I can't tell you their business. But we have a tremendous value. We are doing a better job of getting our word out better marketing, more eyes on the industry, more eyes on us. Our new-to-cruise this past quarter was up about 17% year-over-year. That's not an accident. That's because our brands are really focused on driving that demand profile. So I don't have a crystal ball, and I can't tell you what the world is going to look like a year from now, two years from now. But I can tell you if we keep focusing on commercial execution and doing the right things and doing them better, then there's a long runway because the one thing that's never been a question is can we execute on board and deliver a great experience. And that's always been the case. It's just a matter of how we convince people to come with us who have never have, and I think we're doing a good job on that.
Brandt Montour: Great. Congrats on the quarter.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you. I guess, I'd be remiss if I didn't shout out the travel agents because all they do is amplify our voice in a tremendous way. And so that success that we're seeing in building that demand profile is really hand-in-hand with their success, and we appreciate their efforts.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Conor Cunningham: Everyone, thank you. Maybe sticking with that -- the comments on new-to-cruise. Can you -- I mean, look at your 2025 bookings, are you seeing new-to-cruise and new-to-brand accelerate? And if you could just touch on just the younger demographic. I think I asked you that last quarter, but it just -- it seems like a pretty big megatrend for you over the long-term? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Well, sorry, I just got distracted -- as far as what the demand profile is for the future bookings, we don't really talk about that in advance, but we're happy to talk about it when we get to our results, and we can talk about what the breakdown is for the profile of folks who sailed. But suffice it to say, everything I'm saying is not ending in 2024 with respect to our efforts to keep optimizing and keep getting better at execution, keep driving that demand profile and casting that net as widely as we can. We have almost no capacity growth. So all of that increased demand is just going to result in who wants pay the most to get on our ships, and that's what we're driving for.
David Bernstein: Yes.
Conor Cunningham: Okay.
David Bernstein: And as far as the average age is concerned, I think we touched on this last quarter. I mean if you look back at all of our brands over the last 10, 12 years or so, the average age for most of the brands really hasn't changed. Now of course, the repeat guest who sailed a decade ago or 10 years old, but the average age of our guests. So we are attracting a lot of new young people and some of our brands like Carnival Cruise Lines has an average age of like 41 years old. So that's a brand, obviously, millennials these days are, I think it's 43 or 44 years old or younger. And that does represent half the -- over half the population in the United States. But Carnival has got over half of its guests for millennials because the average age is 41 or younger.
Josh Weinstein: But I would say -- I think I said this on either the last call or the call before, we love boomers, right? And we love Gen X. I mean, it is -- if you think about our portfolio approach, we have brands like Holland America, like Cunard where that is where they're trying to push that demand profile because it's folks a very good income, a very good retirement base and a lot of time to take cruises that can go 14 nights, 21 nights world cruises. So we love the fact that we're pushing harder into that millennial generation, and we're getting that interest and that demand profile. But we don't want that to the exclusion of really leaning into the other generations for what we have to offer.
Conor Cunningham: Helpful. On Celebration Key, I know you've gotten a lot of questions on that. Just it is opening in mid of next year. Is it creating the halo effect that you would have expected? Like are people asking for -- or maybe they're asking a little bit different. I think you mentioned 19 ships are going to touch there. Like are those ones selling out quicker than you would have expected reverse relative to history in general? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Unfortunately, because every carnival ship is going, there's no test case. But -- so yes, we are seeing a premium for it. We are seeing people that are seeking it out. And the good thing is it hasn't even opened yet. So we think the rubber is really going to hit the road once we can deliver the experience and really show people what it can do.
Conor Cunningham: Appreciate. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
David Katz: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Josh Weinstein: Hi.
David Katz: Hi. I appreciate all the details so far. And it's interesting when we look across our coverage, there are some smaller pockets of weakness that consumers have started to demonstrate here and there. And this is a broadly based positive quarter and I just wanted to double-click on the issue of are there any small pockets, any areas of consumer behavior that we should just keep an eye on as we go forward that are, again, embedded in what appears to be a pretty broad-based strong quarter and outlook?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. No, I appreciate the question. I guess I'm happy that I just have to say no. What we're seeing is, in fact, broad-based. We're seeing that demand for all the brands pretty much across the portfolio. What we're seeing it in the booking trends that we've talked about, the onboard spending. The onboard spending levels were 7% up year-over-year. That's off the top of my head. Am I off by a point?
David Bernstein: Something like that more than this second quarter, so
Josh Weinstein: 6.7% -- onboard per diems were 6.7% year-over-year, which is an acceleration versus the increase that we saw in second quarter versus the prior year. So, all things that you look at is our -- is that demand profile changing or the state of the consumer changing. I can't speak to macroeconomics, because there's a lot going on in the world, but at least with what we have to offer people are happy to pay and to participate and we think that's a great thing. And we think that goes back to all the things that we've been talking about for the last two years about where we want to focus and make sure that we are doing a better and better job as time goes on.
David Katz: Perfect. And if I can, just as my follow-up, are you able to observe or record any trade-down dynamics where part of the demand you're seeing is a consumer who's traded out of something else into a cruise vacation?
Josh Weinstein: No, nothing that we've seen that says that. I mean I think it's the opposite. It's -- we're doing a better job of convincing them. This is something they want to do, not because they're trading down from something, but that they want to experience what we have to offer.
David Katz: Okay. And I apologize for the questions, my ratings speech mix up.
Josh Weinstein: No, no. I think they were good. They were good questions. I think they're good questions.
David Katz: Very fair. Congrats on the quarter.
Josh Weinstein: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hi. Good morning. I'm curious if you have any update on, I guess, the Chinese consumer? Is it trending as you would like or Asia Pacific in general? Just because the data that's been coming out of the region has been a little bit lumpy, and it was obviously something that was pretty meaningful prior to the pandemic? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Hi, Jaime. It wasn't very meaningful for us prior to the pandemic and the grand scheme of things. It was a few percentage points of our capacity that was really dedicated to China. We have, as I've been pretty open about, I'm ecstatic that it's reopened to international cruising. I wanted to be very successful for our competitors, but it's not something that we're pursuing at this time and have not. With respect to the region overall, when it comes to Japan, Taiwan and other regions, that's going well. People like cruising with us before, and they continue to enjoy it now.
Jaime Katz: Yes. I was just curious if there was any movement with them with outbound travel more so than anything else. As far as occupancy in the European brands, is there a little bit of room left in that for upside? Or has the gap sort of closed on that?
Josh Weinstein: I mean overall, we're back to historical norms, which is a range. It's not a number. And I'd say all of our brands to varying degrees, have the ability to maybe addressed a little higher here and there. It's not going to be a big driver of our improvement as we look forward. It's really going to be from driving price, which is where we're focused. But there's always an opportunity to make some tweaks and find some more occupancy.
Jaime Katz: And I don't think you guys had mentioned anything on any hurricane impact, but any insight to the cost of that disruption if you have it, would be helpful? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. I mean ours is -- it's insignificant compared to the impact that it's having on the region, which, first and foremost, we should take a second to just think about. But putting that aside, it's a few million dollars for us. It's not anything of significance.
Jaime Katz: Excellent. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed with your question.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning guys. Congratulations on a great quarter. And I'll just delve into the few quick questions that I have. Occupancy is still not fully caught up relative to fiscal 2019. Isn't that by itself already a yield opportunity?
Josh Weinstein: Yes, like I said, we operate in a range for occupancy, and we are within our range, but there's certainly the opportunity to push that a little bit more. It's just not going to be the biggest driver of how we can improve the revenue picture going forward.
Assia Georgieva: And maybe a quick question for David. Fuel costs seem to be a little bit -- well, quite a bit higher relative to what we were estimating because we track for 180, 380 MGO. Could that possibly be related to shore power in the Baltics, Denmark, Germany ports that are offering shore power Sweden, et cetera. Is that part of the play there?
David Bernstein: No, because our shore power, when we buy it, is actually not included in the fuel expense, it's included in port expenses because we purchased it at the port. So, that would not have been an impact. So, I'm not sure what you're looking at and what you're tracking. But Beth can give you some websites to look at, which maybe will improve your tracking overall.
Assia Georgieva: That would be great and Beth, I'm sorry, I'll bother you on this one. And basically, the -- my second question, given the acceleration in EBITDA generation and how far ahead you're with the SEA Change program? Is it possible at this point to order a sister ship for 2027, 2028 delivery, whether it's for a Princess brand or Carnival brand?
Josh Weinstein: No, I mean, our order book is set through 2028. We feel very good about that. And as you know, we did order what we call Project ACE, which is next generation for Carnival, what -- that doesn't start until 2029. So, the focus of all that EBITDA generation is really its cash flow and we're going to use the headroom with a reduced capital expenditures to pay down debt.
Assia Georgieva: So, Josh, in terms of the debt tranches, we're going after the highest cost of debt, correct?
Josh Weinstein: Well, as long as it's got a good NPV if we want to pay it down. So there's a lot of factors -- yes, go ahead.
David Bernstein: I was going to say it's really a combination of three things that we look at. One is the cost of the debt. And we do have two double-digit issuances out there. Both are callable in 2025. So that should help our overall -- when we -- we'll look at refinancing those in the early part of next year. We also look at the maturity towers. We're well set through 2026 on maturity towers. They're very well managed. But the towers in 2027 and 2028, we'll be looking at refinancing some of that as well as looking at secured versus unsecured debt, because our goal is to get to be completely unsecured, but we'll manage that over time as we move forward.
Assia Georgieva: And David, that was basically my question, has cost versus secured towers. So it's a balancing act, I imagine?
David Bernstein: Correct.
Assia Georgieva: All right. And lastly, if I may ask somebody is encroaching on your Galveston, Texas port and building a terminal there. What do you think about that? They already have a presence in Miami and are doing Port Canaveral, et cetera, an unnamed competitor, who do not have to report to us on ROIC or other metrics? How do you feel about sort of the -- what I call the encroachment?
Josh Weinstein: I don't think about it as an encroachment. We are 2% of the overall vacation market. And if it's the company, I think you're talking about, it's a small part of the overall cruise market growing, but small. And so there's -- the demand profile as long as we do our jobs with our world-class portfolio of brands will be just fine. I got to cut you off though, you did three questions, and the operator only said one. Sorry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Politzer: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Josh, I do want to follow-up on the fourth quarter yield comment. I know you mentioned that there really wasn't much if any -- actually, any change to your prior guide. But as we think about the third quarter came in better, David, cited better close-in demand and on board driving the beat. I mean is there any reason that wouldn't be in the cards for the fourth quarter? Or are there near-term demand hiccups or noise, whether it's a new cycle or election that could be maybe driving additional conservatism?
Josh Weinstein: Look, we try to give you our best estimate of what's going to happen. And do we always try to outperform? Absolutely. That's the goal. There's nothing in particular about the fourth quarter other than what other than what you said. I mean right, the next month. A lot of attention is going to be focused on something other than what's normal. It happens every four years. So we'll see kind of impact that has. But the business is still going strong, and we expect a lot of ourselves.
David Bernstein: Yes. And also keep in mind, with 99% of the ticket revenue for the for the gear already on the books, there's not a lot left to sell, yes.
Dan Politzer: Right. No, that makes sense. And then just for my follow-up. In a couple of weeks, you're hosting some investors at Board, Sun Princess. Any way to kind of think about maybe framework and maybe kind of the key topics we should focus on? It seems like there's a lot progress on SEA Change, your Celebration Key, maybe some of these cost opportunities or savings from easing inflation. But what are the kind of the key high-level focus points we should be thinking about? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Look, it's been -- it's been about 15 months since we got together for the first time to talk about what our priorities were and announced SEA Change. And think it's a good opportunity for us to just kind of level set on where we are and everything. And hopefully, as you see it, the way we see it, which is the progress that we're making across board. We also get an opportunity to showcase the Princess brand and specifically the Sun Princess, which is just a true game changer for Princess. And I'd say for the premium market, she's a remarkable ship and the team on board does a remarkable job. And you also get an opportunity, not just to hear from me, but he and David, but you'll be able to hear from the President of that brand and to actually meet the presidents of pretty much all of our brands who will be there with us. So, good opportunity for you to get a little bit more educated and inundated by all things Carnival Corporation.
Dan Politzer: That's great. Thanks so much and congrats on a nice quarter.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks a lot Daniel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Stathoulopoulos with SIG. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Stathoulopoulos: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So Josh, I'm going to ask the demand question here in a different way. As we think about global travel and tourism and think about different segments, if you will, within the ecosystem, so lodging, airlines, hearing is sort of a different dynamic here as we think about demand, certainly within lodging, lower to middle income consumer, some concerns around price sensitivity little bit of a mixed bag in airlines. In Cruise Lines, this is unique here with what feels like this sort of persistent demand and just kind of ongoing momentum, if you if you will. Now I was wondering could rank order or think about the moving pieces as to the why. So there's the new-to-cruise piece, I would say perhaps a later reopening of certain markets, strong U.S. dollar, discount to land-based trips, base-loading. Just if you could help us provide -- provide some context as we think about the moving parts of demand here. There's still some debate around whether this is any pent-up demand here, which I think is just not the case? Or what -- is this actual base load going forward? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Well, I guess, the most affirmative thing I'll say is completely agree with you, it's not pent-up demand anymore. We've been sailing for over three years now. So I don't -- I think that, that is coming down. I'm not going to answer your question by rank ordering, but I would say that when it comes to all of industry. I think we're all doing a pretty good job at that demand generation and creation and getting awareness, getting people interested in cruising who maybe have never thought about it before. With respect to us, there is a lot of activity going on at all of our brands to really just try to do better and better blocking and tackling when it comes to the commercial operations, right, generating new creative, generating more eyeballs in performance marketing looking for and then being looked at by the right potential customer, driving people to our trade partners, driving people to our websites, doing everything we can to just get the word out and get them interested. And I think that's part of what's driving us in a pretty significant way.
Chris Stathoulopoulos: Okay. And then as my follow-up, David, so my math here, I have about a point and a quarter on the adjusted NCCs for next year, and we can come up with our own assumptions, as you said, on inflation. But as we think about the other moving pieces here, puts and takes, on the advertising side. I know I think that's expected to be elevated in 4Q. Is there a reason? Or how should we think about next year? And do we need this level of advertising per ALBD to continue? Is it part of the base load book plan? Or can we expect that to sort of get softer, if you will, as that initiative continues to take hold. Thanks.
David Bernstein: Yes. So the advertising as well as many other decisions are things that we really need to talk about over the next month or two in the planning process, which we're in the midst of doing. And we'll give guidance in December relative to all of those items. It would be premature for us to be making a decision today exactly what we want to do, particularly for next summer or the back half of next year in advertising. So we'll give you more insight into that in three months.
Josh Weinstein: I'd just add a couple of things. One is, remember, we just talked about a record-setting 2026 booking period. So we're not just booking for the short-term. We're booking for the long-term and advertising is a combination of getting people to consider things for the longer-term and getting the ships filled as we need to in the shorter-term. So the metric of just looking at it on an ALBD basis is, it's useful for benchmarking, but it's not too scientific. It's really about how much bookings we want to generate and how we think we need to spend to go get it. And I think we're doing a good job. And when you do look at rest of the benchmark basis, even though we're higher than we were back in 2019, and I think a couple of percent higher year-over-year, we're still quite a bit lower than most if not everyone. So we'll continue to be thoughtful about it and do what we think we need to do to drive the business. I think we got time for one more  yes, thank you. I think we've got time for one more if there are any more, operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Fred Wightman: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just wanted to come back to new-to-cruise, Josh. I think you said that was up 17% this quarter. Last quarter, that was up 10%. So it's a pretty big acceleration per brand that's as big as you guys are. Can you touch on -- what drove that? Was there a reallocation of some of the ad spend? And maybe how you think strategically that could sort of increase that penetration step from 2% to something larger as a percentage of total vacation spend? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So there's no one thing that's going to be the answer for driving new-to-cruise either. It is that same combination of better advertising, the trade doing a great job, better usability of our websites. I'd say Alaska in particular for this past year was off the charts. It was absolutely phenomenal, and that tends to skew higher to new-to-cruise because -- if you're going to go to Alaska, which everybody should go do, the only way you can go see it is by a cruise ship to really appreciate it. And the only way you should do that is by one of our brands because they do it amazingly, and we have more permits for Glacier Bay than anybody else, and we have the shoreside footprint that nobody else has and can replicate. So that has served us very, very well. And I'd say it's the same things that you've heard me talk about in the past quarters that hopefully, I'll continue to talk about in the quarters to come about just doing the basics better.
Fred Wightman: Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: I appreciate it. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us and look forward to talking again in a few months for those of you that I don't see next week. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-06-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Carnival Corporation & plc's Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Beth. You may begin.
Beth Roberts: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by our CEO, Josh Weinstein; our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein and our Chair, Micky Arison. Before we begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I will refer you to the forward-looking statement in today's press release. All references to ticket prices, net per diem, net yields and adjusted cruise costs without fuel will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. References to per diems and yields will be on a net basis. Our comments may also reference cruise costs without fuel, EBITDA, net income, earnings per share, free cash flow, and ROIC, all of which will be on an adjusted basis unless otherwise stated. All these references are non-GAAP financial measures defined in our earnings press release. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are also contained in our earnings press release and in our investor presentation. Please visit our corporate website where our earnings press release and investor presentation can be found. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Beth. Inside of two years, we've made incredible strides in improving our commercial operations, strategically reallocating our portfolio composition, formulating growth plans and strengthening even further our global team Ship and Shore, the best in the business. Off the back of these efforts, we've closed yet another quarter delivering records. This time across revenues, operating income, customer deposits and booking levels, exceeding our guidance on every measure. Yields increased over 12% in Q2 over 1.5 points more than March guidance as we continue to drive strong per diem growth, up over 6%. And this is on over 10% more passenger cruise days, which is a combination of capacity growth and sailing at historical occupancy levels. Our European brand experienced extraordinary yield improvement again this quarter, up over 20%, while North America continued to improve on last year's highs up a healthy 7%. We hit record second quarter adjusted EBITDA, roughly $150 million more than guidance. Encouragingly on a per ALBD basis to highlight operational improvement and even with significantly higher fuel prices, adjusted EBITDA not only surpassed the second quarter of 2019, it was also our highest second quarter mark in over 15 years. Coupled with flat cruise costs excluding fuel on a unit basis, which David will elaborate on, we delivered $500 million more to the bottom line year-over-year and outperformed our earnings guidance by $170 million. Based on continued strong demand trends, we are also taking up our expectations for the full year by $275 million driven by double-digit yield growth. Now this would get us to double-digit ROIC this year. And while that will be a strong outcome for 2024, it is nowhere near what our business is capable of delivering. Our current booking trends are a testament to that. We are hitting records on top of previous records, which clearly tells us the strength and demand we have been building is continuing into next year and beyond. In the near-term, pricing on bookings taken in the second quarter has continued to run considerably higher for each of the third and fourth quarters. And again that's on top of record per diems last year. This strength has enabled us to take up yield guidance for the year by another 75 basis points. We expect to deliver consistent mid-single-digit per diem growth through the balance of the year, which would mark eighth consecutive quarters that we are achieving mid-single-digit or higher per diem improvements. Our continued focus on optimizing our yield curve is not just a near-term benefit. We entered the second quarter with much less 2024 inventory to sell and have been able to lean even more into future periods. Accordingly, in the last three months not only did we take more bookings for post-2024 sailing than we did for in-year sailings, we set yet another record for the most future bookings ever taken during the second quarter. The unprecedented level of demand for 2025 sailings coupled with flat capacity growth next year translates into meaningful pricing power. And while it is still early for 2025 both price and occupancy are already ahead of where we were last year, leaving us in a position of strength with less inventory remaining for 2025. It also shows in our more than $8 billion of customer deposits, which shattered last year's record by $1.1 billion. You have heard me say this before, this is not pent-up demand. It is the compounding effect of building increased consideration in our cruise brands over time and improvement in our yield management techniques to translate that demand into higher ticket prices. And it is further evidence of the strength of our consumer. Encouragingly, we're enjoying consistent growth in both repeat guests and new guests with each segment up 10% this quarter over last year. We also continue to actively manage our portfolio to further accelerate our underlying execution improvements. As previously announced, early next year we will sunset the P&0 Cruises Australia brand, selling the 28 year old Pacific Explorer and transferring P&0 Australia's two remaining vessels to Carnival Cruise Line. Of course, we will still retain our leading presence in the Australian market, carrying over 60% of all Aussie Cruisers. It is a great market for us, especially since the Australian summer coincides with the Northern Hemisphere winter, enabling our seasonal ships to capitalize on two summer periods. And now we get to optimize our presence in this market by consolidating into Carnival Cruise Line. Not only will we gain operational, administrative and back office scale, we will ultimately have greater deployment flexibility compared to a dedicated Australian brand. At the same time, this move will further boost capacity for our highest returning brand, bringing the total to nine new ships joining Carnival Cruise Lines fleet since 2019, including the successful ship of three vessels from Costa Cruises. These actions combined with the 2 Excel-class ships scheduled for delivery in 2027 and 2028 will grow Carnival Cruise Line's capacity by about 50% over 2019. By 2028, the Carnival brand will represent 37% of our portfolio, up from 29% as we continue to reshape our portfolio to maximize ROIC. Of course, our amazing destination experience, Celebration Key, purpose built for Carnival Cruise Line will soon support that growth and bolster returns through incremental revenue uplift coupled with improved fuel efficiency given its strategic location. We're introducing voyages to Celebration Key beginning in the second half of 2025 and ramp up to 18 ships calling Celebration Key in 2026. This quarter, we also delivered Queen Anne, Cunard's fourth Queen with an amazing naming celebration in Liverpool, England, Cunard's birthplace. The streets of Liverpool were walled with tens of thousands of people joining the festivities as the City of Liverpool became the ship's official godparent. It was a historic moment and the first time an entire city ever christened a ship. The event generated overwhelming coverage and as intended broke booking records on the back of it. The new Queen is a step forward in every way for Cunard, while still retaining the DNA of British elegance and refinery that the brand is known for. We enjoyed another high profile naming event for Sun Princess in Barcelona with Godmother Hannah Waddington of Ted Lasso fame. Sun Princess has had great media coverage leading up to and following the naming ceremony with particular focus on its expansive specialty dining and beverage offerings and one of a kind Magic Castle experience. Sun Princess, the first of its class has also been a big hit with guests as evidenced by outsized yield and high guest satisfaction scores. Last but not least, we held a naming event for Carnival Firenze in Long Beach, California, home for Carnival second ship featuring Fun Italian Style with Godfather Jonathan Bennett fresh off his Broadway stint starring in Spamalot. Welcoming Fun Italian Style to the West Coast generated nearly 2.5 billion media impressions to date and of course triggered a step-up in bookings. While these amazing new ships all contributed to the strong yield improvement we generated in the second quarter, even excluding them, yields on our existing fleet were up double-digits demonstrating fundamental strength on a same ship basis. In addition, we completed the rollout of Starlink this quarter, another revenue uplift opportunity and a real game changer for our onboard connectivity experience, enabling us to deliver the same high speed WiFi service available on land throughout our fleet. Not only does this technology provide our guests with more flexibility to stay connected, it enables our crew to stay in touch with friends and loved ones and it enhances our onboard operational systems a win-win-win. Also, our consistent track record, our book position, our focus on commercial activity improvement, our portfolio management and the yet to be realized future benefits we'll receive from our Celebration Key destination development builds increased confidence in achieving the low to mid-single-digit yield growth set out in our long-term targets. In fact, based on our upwardly revised guidance, we will be on average two-thirds of the way to achieving our three 2026 SEA Change targets. EBITDA for ALBD of $69, 12% ROIC and a 20% reduction in carbon intensity after just one year. With two years remaining, it gives us even greater confidence in achieving our target. At the same time, we continue to aggressively manage down debt and interest expense, while reducing the complexity of our capital structure, which David will elaborate on. The number of actions we've taken to improve our balance sheet this quarter puts us further down the path on our return to investment grade credit ratings over time. It's hard to believe in just over a month it will have been two years since I had the privilege of stepping into the role of CEO. I am very proud of all we've accomplished in such a short time. Credit for our achievements go to our global team, 160,000 strong. Everyone has worked very hard to deliver yet another strong quarter, solidifying an amazing 2024 and setting us up well to top it in 2025. Equally important, they've all had a hand in delivering amazing vacation experiences and unforgettable happiness to 3 million guests yet again this quarter. So, to our amazing team, thank you. And of course, we couldn't do it without the support from our amazing travel agent partners and so many other stakeholders. Thanks to all of you. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. I'll start today with a summary of our 2024 second quarter results. Next, I'll provide the highlight of our third quarter June guidance and some color on our improved full year guidance. Then I'll finish up with an update on our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. Let's turn to the summary of our second quarter results. Our bottom line exceeded March guidance by nearly $170 million as we outperformed once again. The outperformance was essentially driven by three things. First, favorability in revenue worth almost $65 million as yields came in up over 12% compared to the prior year. This was more than a point and a half better than March guidance driven by close in strength in ticket prices as well as onboard spending. Second, cruise costs without fuel per available lower berth-day or ALBD came in flat compared to the prior year and were three points better than March guidance, which was worth over $85 million. Some cost savings were identified during the quarter which flowed through as improvements to our full year June guidance. However, most of the favorability in cruise costs for the second quarter was due to the timing of expenses between the quarters. And third, other operational improvements slightly offset by higher fuel prices and currency were worth $20 million. Per diems for the second quarter improved 6% versus the prior year driven on both sides of the Atlantic by considerably higher ticket prices and improved onboard spending. At the same time, our European brands on their path back to historical occupancy saw outside growth in their occupancy of over 10 percentage points as compared to the second quarter of 2023. Our second quarter was fantastic across the board with strong demand delivering record revenues, record yields, record per diems and record operating income. Now one thing to highlight about our third quarter June guidance. The positive trends we saw in the second quarter are expected to continue in the third. Yield guidance for the third quarter is set at a strong 8%. The difference between the yield guidance for the third quarter and the second quarter yield improvement of over 12% is simply the result of the greater occupancy opportunity we had in the second quarter 2024 as we began sailing within our historical occupancy range in the second half of 2023. It is great to see that we anticipate continued strong per diem growth in the third quarter, which we are forecasting will drive the majority of the 8% yield improvement. Turning to our improved full year June guidance. June guidance for net income is $1.55 billion, an improvement over our March guidance of approximately $275 million. This improvement was driven by three things. First, three quarters of a point increase in yields to approximately 10.25% based on the considerably higher prices we have been seeing in booking trends so far this year and the continued strength in demand we anticipate going forward. All of this is expected to drive an increase in net revenue of about $190 million. Second, as I previously mentioned, we identified cost savings that we flow through to our full year June guidance. However, they will be partially offset by higher variable compensation driven by our forecast for improved operating income. Net, we are flowing through $25 million of cost savings for the full year. And third, an improvement in net interest expense of $60 million driven by our second quarter refinancing, repricing and debt prepayment activities. The strong 10.25% improvement in 2024 yields is a result of the increase in all the component parts. Higher ticket prices, higher onboard spending and higher occupancy at historical levels with all three components improving on both sides of the Atlantic. We recognize that even within our industry leading cost structure, there will always be cost opportunities which we can focus on and harvest over time. While we identify cost saving opportunities during the second quarter, we will not stop there. We will continue our endless quest for greater efficiency in our cost structure. I will finish up with a summary of our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. During the second quarter, we generated cash from operations of $2 billion and free cash flow of $1.3 billion. We took delivery of one spectacular new ship Queen Anne and drew on her associated export credit facility continuing our strategy to finance our new bill program at preferential interest rates. Our efforts to proactively manage our debt profile continued throughout the quarter. We prepaid 1.6 billion of secured term loan facilities. We also repriced approximately 2.75 billion of the same secured term loan facilities. And we issued 535 million of unsecured notes due 2030, refinancing our unsecured notes due 2026, extending those maturities and reducing interest expense. These transactions simplified our capital structure, reduced net interest expense in the second quarter by $10 million will reduce net interest expense for 2024 by $55 million and $85 million on an annualized basis. Our decision to prepay 1.6 billion of debt during the second quarter was based on our strong liquidity, our improved financial performance and our optimism about the future. We will continue to look for more opportunistic refinancings over time. Our leverage metrics will continue to improve throughout 2024 as our EBITDA continues to grow and our debt levels improve. Using our June guidance EBITDA of $5.83 billion, we expect a two turn improvement in net debt to EBITDA leverage compared to year end 2023 approaching 4.5 times and positioning us two-thirds of the way down the path to invest in great metrics. Looking forward, we expect substantial free cash flow driven by our ongoing operational execution and the lowest newbuild order book in decades to deliver continued improvements in our leverage metrics and balance sheet moving us further down the road to rebuilding our financial fortress, while continuing the process of transferring value from debt holders back to shareholders. Now operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on a really nice quarter.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks very much, Matt.
Matthew Boss: So, Josh, maybe could you elaborate on the global momentum that you're seeing, notably any callouts in Europe? And then just given the booked position for 2025, which you cited as higher than '24 a year ago, how does that translate to the forward progression of pricing power and just the promotional backdrop maybe versus historical periods in your view?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So global momentum, I think that's probably the key term. It is global momentum. And so we're seeing strength from our North American brands, from our European brands. As you started hearing me say probably about six quarters ago, diversity sometimes it helps and sometimes you got to wait a little bit, because different places come out of different situations and different times, and this is the strength that we're seeing right now in this portfolio, and we're really hitting it on all cylinders, which is really gratifying. North America, the booking curve is higher than it's ever been and Europe, it's highest in the last 15 years. So the teams are doing a really good job of speaking to the consumer, pricing things right and getting people on our ships and happy. As far as 2025 goes, this is the first year that where we currently are where we've been able to stop firefighting in the short-term while figuring out how to also extend the booking curve and trying to do both of those things at once which is not an easy balance for revenue managers to have to do and the brands to do. So I do feel like we are firmly positioned and although it is early days as you heard us say on the call being ahead in bookings and ahead in pricing is a good place to be, and our team can really focus on optimizing that longer-term period, which is exactly what they're doing.
Matthew Boss: It's great color. Best of luck.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Wieczynski: Hey, guys. Good morning. So Josh, look, I know it's still early on, but your commentary around 2025 bookings is really encouraging at this point. And to add on to the last question there, I mean, could you elaborate a little bit more about where you're seeing that strength in 2025? Is the strong demand pretty much across the board? Or are there certain brands or itineraries that are showing more strength versus others?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. At this point, I'll just tell you, it's global. It's the brands and it's the deployments. So the brands are doing an extraordinary good job of getting their messages out and getting people interested. And there's a hard a lot of hard work behind that across the commercial space. So I wouldn't give any shout outs one way or another because we're seeing it so broadly.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. And then yeah, sorry, David, go ahead.
David Bernstein: Yes. So Josh also talked about the portfolio modifications we made, which should help in 2025 as well as Celebration Key. And keep in mind, on top of that, we also don't have capacity increase next year. It's relatively flat. So I hope that should provide us with some pricing power in 2025 as we move through the booking cycle.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Thanks for that, David. And then second question, a bigger picture question around capital allocation. So based on how strong early demand is for next year bookings, it just doesn't seem like there's any slowdown at this point taking place. So I guess the question is, if we look out a year from now and bookings continue to look solid, your SEA Change targets are essentially in sight and you're even closer to an investment grade rating. I mean, is it fair to think you guys could be in a position to bring the dividend back to this story? I mean, just think it's another important milestone and something that investors are becoming more focused on. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: I probably sound like a broken record here too. Right now our priority is generate all that free cash flow, pay down debt and restrengthen the balance sheet. And in that process returning value from the debt side to the equity holders. I can't wait to have those conversations, but I'd say that's premature. We've got a lot of work to do. And when we get there you'll be the first to know Steve.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Josh Weinstein: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Scholes: Hi. Good morning.
Josh Weinstein: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick Scholes: Good morning. I have some questions on return on invested capital. First one and then I'll have a follow-up question. What kind of ballpark return on invested capital do you target for Celebration Key? I wonder if you could give us some color on that. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. What we've talked about is you could almost look at this like a newbuild investment. And so from a newbuild perspective, we're looking for at least mid to high teens and we'd expect no less from our land based investments as well. And obviously, the beauty of Celebration Key is it will benefit across dozens of ships over time not one newbuild.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. A follow-up question. Certainly with a new public an existing company going public in the luxury river space, they're doing 30% ROIC. Now granted, it's bit of a niche. Would you ever rule out you folks getting in that line of business? I certainly could envision seaborne river cruises being quite popular and a good crossover for your existing customers. Just some thoughts around that. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: We've looked at river cruising in the past, and I wouldn't say we'll never look at it again. It's just, it's a niche, and it's rather small. And for something like us to move the needle, it'd have to be pretty grand. And as you've heard me say before, Patrick, I think if we focus on our brands and we focus on doing all the things that we do in the normal course better, we'll make much more of an impact on this business.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Josh, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Chaiken with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Chaiken: Hey, good morning. You're two-thirds of the way to your 2026 targets with two years remaining. As you think about the remaining bridge to your targets in the toggle between costs and yields, do you feel tied to a specific yield requirement or threshold or is there enough opportunity in the cost side to generate the operating leverage necessary to reach your goals? And then related costs were better in the quarter. Can you maybe provide a little more greater specifics around what you're seeing or where you're getting more operating leverage than expected? And then I have one quick follow-up. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: So on the first question, we're going to move forward as a company trying to focus on both certainly generating outsized revenue versus our historical norms and maintaining our cost leadership position. We set out when we set out SEA Change a basic math that would tell you from a pricing perspective after we get the occupancy back, we're looking at low to mid-single-digit price increases on the revenue side and that's certainly what I expect and I expect that to continue well beyond SEA Change. We also need to do a good job of managing the cost. So I don't think we have to tether SEA Change to any one particular thing. It's just doing our jobs well across the board. As far as yes, David, you want to go ahead?
David Bernstein: Yes. As far as cost is concerned, in the second quarter, remember, we did identify cost savings, but the majority of the favorability was timing between the quarters. But if you look broadly at the year, we are seeing a number of opportunities in the sourcing area, other efficiencies as well. So it is broad based. There isn't one any one particular item. Our teams are working hard all across the board and there are hundreds of cost savings items that flowed into that full year savings.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got it. And then, Josh, in the quarter, you announced the P&O Australia will sunset into Carnival. You still have a number of brands across geographies and customer preferences. Do you feel there are other areas of the portfolio you can streamline and realign? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. P&O Cruises in Australia is a bit unique. It's a dedicated brand to a tremendous market, but it's a small market. And so the ability to really grow a single source market brand of that size is not very feasible. And so we're going to get a lot of operational synergy out of the moves that we made with P&O Australia. We've been looking at our portfolio management for the last couple of years as you know moving ships from one brand to another retiring ships formulating our growth plans. We'll continue to do that. There's nothing on the horizon, but it's something we do on a very frequent basis to try to figure out how to optimize over time.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. The commentary has been very helpful. Thanks in addressing a lot of the concerns out there, especially I think showing that slide you have showing the momentum in Q4 pricing in particular. So thanks for giving that additional clarity. Just one question, there have been some headlines out there about some of the Greek Islands limiting the number of ships that might call next year. It's not even clear whether that's official or just something that is being considered. Can you just put some context around that, whether that would just be changing itinerary to go somewhere on a Tuesday rather than a Wednesday, right, as opposed to not being able to go there at all. In other words, is there anything when we think about there's been different itinerary changes in the last year or so that so looking ahead to next year, is that anything that we should be thinking about? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So, obviously, we have a great relationship with Greece and its local communities and it's our job to make sure we're doing things sustainably. In fact, a lot of the news that's come up lately, these islands have had caps in place for many years and we work with them and we have worked with them. We'll continue to work with them as we can really figure out how to coincide with their needs as well. I mean, that's our job. So I don't expect anything incredibly disruptive. We unfortunately for us this is just par for the course, right? We do this all the time in lots of places and you've seen it work successfully in places like Dubrovnik. And we'll continue to partner with local communities who want our economic benefit and move on. It's a relatively, I mean, if you want context, just so you know, it's a relatively small part of our overall mix. You're talking low-single-digit percentages, but it's important to us and we want to show up and we want to show up well.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thanks. And just one follow-up. I think last quarter you might have given the different percentage growth for new-to-brand versus new-to-cruise overall. Is that something you can give a little bit more color on this quarter as well? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. New-to-cruise was up 10%, new-to-brand was up a little bit less about 6%. So we're pretty much moving forward with all components and as you heard brand repeaters is also up 10%.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: No problem.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
James Hardiman: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So just a point of clarification, you talked about same ship yields being up double-digits. Can you help us with how much of that is pricing? Obviously, you're getting some occupancy benefit there. And then sort of I guess the bigger picture question there is you've had mid-single-digit per diem growth for eight quarters. You don't think it's pent-up demand. It sounds like you made that point a couple of times, Josh. When and why do you think that ultimately decelerates? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So on the same fleet, it's almost 50-50 between price and occupancy. It's a little bit more occupancy than price, but the per diems are there as well, which is really gratifying to see. As far as when our growth has to end, I wouldn't give you a timeline for that. I think all of the things that we've been talking about for the last two years are still in process. And we still have a lot of room to grow and making sure we're doing the right things as far as our creative marketing to reach the right people, the performance marketing and making sure we're getting in front of the right people in the right ways getting them to click through and book with us, book with our trade partners. The one great thing I'd say is whether it's a 25 year old ship with 2,000 guests or it's one of our newest with 5,500 guests, people love what we actually do. And we actually deliver on board and that's okay. Some coming back. So I don't see a natural ending point as long as we're focused on those things.
David Bernstein: And let me add to that, because we are still in tremendous value compared to land based alternatives. And so as we continue to close that value gap, and raise the price, we should be able to continue the progression over time. And on top of that, keep in mind that, as Josh, I think, mentioned on his last call, the service levels on land based resorts have deteriorated. And on our ships, we're doing a great job keeping our guest satisfaction levels up. And people it's a hassle free vacation, and people love to cruise. And so we are expect to keep demand generation's efforts high. And hopefully, we can continue to see price improvements. And as Josh said, prices are up in 2025 in our book position, and we expect to see that continue.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then sort of as a follow-up along the same lines, right, as we think about Europe versus NAA per diems. Obviously, Europe had a big occupancy tailwind in the last couple of quarters, and it seems like that is now dissipating. You've guided per diems to be up, I think, at that mid-single-digit range for each of the next few quarters. Any way we could sort of slice the Europe versus North America as we think about per diems? Are they pretty similar as we move forward? Or is one stronger than the other? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. I wouldn't peg it in any one particular quarter, given that there's always noise in the thing that you're comparing. But I'd say that we expect both North America and EU to show up on pricing over time in the normal course. I think it's particularly gratifying frankly that the EU brands not only were able to actually catch up on the occupancy, but to do so at significantly higher per diems means it's working. And so and I'd say the same thing for North America. I mean, yes, the per diems are a little bit lower, but at the end of the day, they've recovered quicker and they're still maintaining mid-single-digit pricing. So I think that bodes very well for the future.
James Hardiman: Got it. Much appreciated.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, James.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the quarter. Josh, I was wondering maybe you could elaborate a little bit on the revenue management strategy for '25. I know you have already. My question is more on the booking curve length, the optional booking curve length. You're ahead again on next year's booking curve. But is there a certain point where you feel like you don't want to go any further than that and it's not necessarily optimal? How do you think about that?
Josh Weinstein: Yes, yes. So thank you, Brandt for the congratulations. 100%, I do feel that way. But also keep in mind, we give you up a very rolled up number when we say our occupancy is X and our booking curve is the farthest out in history. When we go through this with our teams and what they do on a daily basis, it is ship by ship, sailing by sailing, brand by brand to figure out what that optimal point is. And it could very well be that over time for lots of reasons you're not going to hear me say overall that we are increasing the booking curve. And that's okay. Our goal is not to get it as long as possible. It's to generate as much revenue as humanly possible by the time the ship leaves for sailing. And so there's a lot that goes into that mix. It's not just base loading, but what price are you base loading it at? How are you managing your metas against each other, the balconies versus the insides. I mean, so many variables go into it on a detailed basis and the output is what we talk about on this call. So the teams are very much aligned. Optimization does not mean elongation, it means optimization.
Brandt Montour: That's super helpful. My follow-up is on three brands, Costa, Princess and Holland America. Those are three that we've been watching you guys talk about in your -- in sort of improving ROICs across those three brands. I know that you've been focused on them. How would you describe the success or versus your own benchmarks on those three brands improvement And are any three of them outperforming the others at this point along those guidelines?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Well, I'll start with the fact that every single one of them is showing significant improvement year-over year-in ROIC which I'd expect. They were all coming from a different starting point back in the pre-pause world. So one of them is actually above where they were, one of them is at where they were and one of them is below where they were. But I'd say it's a little bit irrelevant because of the brand that's actually higher. I expect it to be even higher because 2019 wasn't very good for them. So from my perspective, the good news in this is none of them yet are at 12% ROIC. All of them have the potential to do that and we've got plans in place for them to do that over time. So progress across the board.
Brandt Montour: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Just on the, I think, you said 10% new-to-cruise. I was curious if you could talk a little bit about just the changing demographics of your customers in general. How much is the younger demographic engaging with the project or product? Is there anything that they're doing different than prior generations? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Well, that's a deep question, right? So everybody is engaging differently than they did 5 and 10 years ago, because everybody is getting more comfortable with everything digital and everything online. So that's a shift that's not just about millennials, it's about society. And when it comes to our mix, we've got brands that might be one or two years younger at average age than they were before the pandemic. We've got some that might be a year older. In the grand scheme of things, it's not a huge swing. We've got and you also got to remember with us, we've got brands that really do cater to a younger generation like a Carnival, like an AIDA. And they're going to be outsized in our portfolio mix when it comes to attracting millennials. We don't just want millennials though. I can't say it strongly enough, a brand like Holland America, a brand like Cunard, it is playing in a place where they need and want people that have time and money, which generally leads to an older crowd, a crowd that has time on their hands because maybe they're not working anymore. And so I'm very happy that we're getting a broad church because we are across the board. But make no mistake we're happy with our mix and we're happy to take many folks in the boomer generation and Gen X, Gen Y, Gen Z you name it. So we want it all.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. Appreciate it. And then on the P&O Australia brand being sunsetting, just as you consolidate that into Carnival, is there any impact on the P&O or any investment needed to like during that transition time? Just curious like as it goes away is there potentially cost headwind associated with it? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. We're going to -- for us, we're going to do some minimal CapEx investment primarily on the ships to get the IP stacks aligned to Carnival Cruise Line. But from a guest experience standpoint, we don't have to do much with those ships and they're great for that market. We obviously have in this particular instance because we're effectively sunsetting a brand. There are some one-time costs that we're absorbing, but it's really quite small. So nothing really significant to speak of.
David Bernstein: And on the flip side, there'll be some operational efficiencies, which will also save costs on the P&O as well.
Josh Weinstein: Yes.
Conor Cunningham: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed with your question.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning, guys. Excellent quarter, really happy excuse me for what you have accomplished. I had two quick questions. The first one is more on the external or competitive environment. As David and Beth, you guys know, we do this really extensive pricing surveys, which are quantitative and we follow about 95% of the private and public companies. So we're seeing some discounting out of one of your competitors into Q4 and possibly into Q1 2025. And also seeing sort of encroaching on your territory by another brand that may be a private one. Would you, Josh, David, the best be willing to comment as to how these external pressures may carry a potential risk towards the winter season?
Josh Weinstein: I mean, so thanks for the kind words for us. As you heard, we gave you our forecast for effectively for each of the quarters by giving you the third quarter and the full year. So you can see we're expecting continued progress, continued mid-single-digit type of price improvements over time. With respect to any one competitor in the cruise space, because you got to remember we're not just competing with cruise companies, we're competing with vacation companies to get the traveler thinking about taking their vacation with us. None of it should be disruptive to us in the grand scheme of things. Given our size and scope, given the strength of our brands, given the continued focus that our brands have in differentiating themselves even further and providing amazing experiences. It's really our job to perform no matter what some nameless brand, which I have a feeling I know which one you're talking about, how you described it, how they choose to operate. And if we've seen this in markets all over the world. And yet here we are with record revenues, record per diems and really great momentum.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you, Josh. And a quick follow-up question. You described both ticket price and occupancy being tailwinds in Q2. And I think, again, with Europe being somewhat slower on the uptake in 2023, should we expect a continued benefit from higher occupancies, especially out of the European sourced passenger in Q3? Or do we believe that going into Q4, Q1 and possibly next year, that benefit will start to subside a little bit just because of the catch up that's been going on?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. If you recall last year and you actually heard David earlier on the call, we basically got back to historical occupancy levels in the second half of last year. So there's a little bit more opportunity on the occupancy side certainly in Q3 where we were a little farther behind in that range than we were by the time we got to Q4. But really as we move forward into 2025 and beyond, we got to get the demand to keep that momentum up on the mid-single-digit type of price increases that we want to push for. There will always be opportunities at the fringes and but as you've heard me say before, the reason why we're not giving you guidance on occupancy with specificity is we want to make sure that our brands are doing the right thing in managing the revenue and managing the curve and not simply trying to make an occupancy target to the point or decimal point at the expense of doing something they shouldn't be doing with the pricing. So our goal is very much how do we generate the most yield over time, which is that combination of the price and occupancy and making sure we kind of nail the dismount there.
Assia Georgieva: And Josh that makes total sense, especially on the occupancy guidance. I understand and appreciate it. So good luck. We're expecting great things in September.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hi, guys. Good morning. I have a quick question. Given that the environment has been so strong for you guys, what keeps you up at night? Is it regulatory risk? Is there some ESG risk? Is it nothing right now? Just curious to hear sort of the other side of the attack. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Listen, we got through 2020, and I got three kids, so not much keeps me up at night. When it comes to this, I mean, anything within our control, I feel very comfortable that the team we can manage it all, frankly. And so I don't worry much about Black Swan because you really can't spend your life worried about Black Swan or you'll have a miserable life. So our attitude is we got to keep performing. We'll take what people throw at us and the world throws at us and we'll adapt and modify what we need to do as needed and move on. And the greatest part about this business from that perspective is we're mobile. And when you have that mobility, it gives you a lot of flexibility to figure things out.
Jaime Katz: That's all I got. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. First one on Celebration Key, Josh, you mentioned you're ramping up there 18 ships calling on port there in 2026. Can you maybe talk about the uplift that you're expecting, whether it's in the form of ticket prices, onboard spend? I know you mentioned fuel. And then to what extent is this built into those SEA Change targets, which you're already tracking well ahead of at this point? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Dan. So you nailed the three components that are going to really be the things that drive the returns on Celebration Key. It's going to be incremental price because of the demand. It's going to be incremental spending on the island which we call onboard spending in this circumstance and fuel savings because of its location. We're not breaking those out for people. But yes to answer your question that did factor into really 2026 benefit for us as we think -- as we're thinking through that three year plan. It's fairly minimal for next year when it comes to the uplift because it's a fairly insignificant amount of our overall capacity that's hitting it as we ramp in starting in the second half of next year. But those were the three components, yes.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just for my follow-up, in terms of cost for next year and acknowledging it's still very early, but as you think about that marketing and advertising component, on the one hand, you don't have a ton of capacity growth, but with Celebration Key starting to opening in the back end of the year, how should we kind of think about that line item relative to 2024?
David Bernstein: So it clearly is from a cost perspective, Celebration Key will add cost, but hopefully and we do anticipate that it will be a great return and the benefits on the revenue and the onboard spend side and the fuel savings side. So it is we're not managing to any particular line item. We're managing to our operating income and our bottom line, and we're not afraid to invest in Celebration Key to make it a great success. While we're on the cost for 2025, I guess the only other thing I'd add on that front is we do also we announced the AIDA evolution program and those ships will be going into drydock. So we will also see an increase in drydock days in 2025 versus '24, which will also have a corresponding impact on cost.
Josh Weinstein: And ultimately though, we're doing that for the right reasons as we I think I can't remember if we talked about this on the last call or not. I think we did. AIDA is one of our highest returning brands and we've gushed about them for a long time and this is going to make significant enhancements to their existing fleet, which is a great investment for us because we can get outsized returns on those investments. And then to your I think you were asking a question about advertising specifically as well. You're right, we might have flat capacity growth, but remember we're selling cruises that go beyond the current year. We're thinking well into the future as our brands do try to optimize whatever that booking curve is for that particular brand. I do not have a mandate or a cap or a floor on our spending for advertising, right? The key is what are we spending it on? How is it going to be effective? Is it going to generate incremental and outsized revenue for whatever that initiative might be in the marketing space? And we go through those plans with our brands not only every year as part of the planning process, but throughout the year I'm talking to my President to make sure we're being thoughtful. And so there's no -- there truly is no predetermined outcome. I think as you've seen we have significantly stepped up where we were before the pandemic to where we are now. It's been working. It's been helping to support the results that we've talked about today and the momentum that we've got and we'll continue to look at it critically.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just very one last very quick clarification. David, I know you mentioned returning to IG metrics. I just want to make sure that there's no change in your goal of getting back to IG, an investment grade credit rating?
David Bernstein: No changes. We can control the metrics. We can't control the decisions of the rating agencies.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
David Katz: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow on to that. Well, number one, congrats on the quarter. I wanted to just follow on, on the last question with respect to the balance sheet. And look, I think we probably all progressed through a period where we're expecting maybe a rate cut. Nonetheless, you're making some very good progress with respect to that balance sheet. Can you help us maybe shed a little light beyond just the obvious easy math around what a rate cut could or would do for you in progressing that balance sheet?
David Bernstein: Well, to start with, if you look at our whole portfolio, about 15% of our debt profile is variable rate debt. So as you saw in the earnings release, I think it's at a 100 basis point reduction in interest rates would benefit the back half of the year, I think, was 23 million or for the full year, it's double that. But really, from a rate cut perspective, we're in an environment where for us, we're an improving credit. And hopefully, our interest rate, our future interest rates will come down not just because of rate cuts but because of the improving credit and the lower credit spreads. And on top of that, we would expect to do some refinancings. And those refinancings should drive our interest expense down. So we do have some very good opportunities that we're looking at in the future, which should be net present value positive. And we'll keep evaluating that, and you'll hear more about refinancing over time.
David Katz: Appreciate that. And if I may follow-up quickly, just going back, Josh, to one of the things you talked about that's a bit more specific, performance marketing, which was, I believe, a relatively new initiative. Could you give us an update on where that is, how it's done, what's next, etcetera, please?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So just to clarify, it wasn't a new initiative. It was just more focus and ensuring we had the right resources, the right capabilities and the right approaches. So that's I'd be shocked if we're ever at a point in time where we're not talking about performance marketing and how do we keep progressing it. I mean, the world changes around us, which is going to dictate we've got to always be nimble and thinking about how do we adapt to that consumer and how that consumer is going to see things and digest things and making sure we're actually being as forward thinking as we can to stay ahead of that curve. So as far as how it happens, it certainly does not happen from me. It doesn't happen from a centralized corporate group in Miami, because different brands are sourcing from different source markets, different segments, etcetera. So our six operating units really have teams that are focused on that for their brands to make sure we're doing it as optimally as we can.
David Katz: Okay. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks. I think we've got time for one more, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning. I'm convinced you're going alphabetical order on these calls. I guess, I wanted to ask about kind of the tension between garnering or harvesting cost savings versus reinvesting in demand creation and how you think about that? I mean, Josh, you touched on different elements of demand creation, but I mean, historically Carnival has been known as kind of the cost leader. Is there an opportunity as you harvest these cost savings to kind of zap more of that gap in the marketing spend per berth that Carnival does relative to the competition and how far are you willing to go there?
Josh Weinstein: Yes, sure. So as you heard, so we want to continue to be the cost leader. I think they're not --they don't have to be mutually exclusive though. And so we have been bringing more cost into reinvesting in the business. And it's not just our marketing, it has been our marketing. I think it's what 18% per ALBD versus pre 17% to 18% per ALBD since before the pandemic. So certainly we see the value of that. But if you think about our onboard experience and making sure we're providing amazing food alternatives and services, we're reinvesting in bandwidth. We're spending more on bandwidth than we ever have and it's generating outsized returns because people love the service. It's land like and it's something people are willing to pay for. So there's examples up and down the P&O where we're very happy to reinvest to drive the right behaviors to get the revenue that we're looking for. I don't have a metric. I don't have a metric that says this is how much we're going to do in any particular quarter or any particular year. I mean clearly our operating margin, we still got work to do. Our EBITDA margins, if we get to June guidance, it WILL be about a five point bump from last year and it leaves us a few points short of where we were in 2019. So we got more work to do and so the team is very focused on it. And that will come from both sides though to your point. It won't just be cutting costs. We got to make sure we're doing the right things to drive that revenue.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for joining the call today and look forward to talking to you again in September. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-03-27 10:00:00) =====
Beth Roberts: Good morning. This is Beth Roberts, SVP, Investor Relations, Carnival Corporation & plc. Welcome to our First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. I'm joined today by our CEO, Josh Weinstein; our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and our Chair, Micky Arison. Before we begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I will refer you to the forward-looking statement in today's press release. All references to ticket prices, net per diem, net yields and adjusted cruise costs without fuel will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. References to per diems and yields will be on a net basis. Our comments may also reference cruise costs without fuel, EBITDA, net income, net loss, earnings per share, free cash flow, and ROIC, all of which will be on an adjusted basis unless otherwise stated. All these references are non-GAAP financial measures defined in our earnings press release. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are also contained in our earnings press release and on our investor presentation. Please visit our corporate website where our earnings press release and investor presentation can be found. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you, Beth. Before I begin, I would like to express my support and heartfelt sympathy for all those impacted by yesterday's event at the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore and extend our appreciation to the co-stars and all first responders. The City and the Port of Baltimore have been our long-time partners and a home to many loyal guests as well as business and community colleagues. We proudly sail year round out of Baltimore through one of our Carnival Cruise Line ships, which was scheduled to return this weekend. Fortunately, our team has quickly secured a temporary home port in Norfolk for as long as it's needed, which should help to minimize operational changes. So we look forward to getting back to our home in Baltimore as soon as possible. Now, given that this happened just yesterday and the situation is fluid, we did not build this into our earnings materials or full-year guidance. However, we did provide a current perspective that we expect this situation to have less than a $10 million impact on a full-year guidance. With that, I'll turn to our prepared remarks which address the accomplishments included in our strong results and outlook. The first quarter has been fantastic across the board and yet another set of records. We delivered record revenues, record bookings and record customer deposits again this quarter, a great start to the year. I want to acknowledge our global team right off the bat. Everyone has worked very hard to deliver another strong quarter in a very strong way. In fact, we outperformed our first-quarter guidance on every measure. Yields, cruise cost, ex-fuel, and EBITDA enabling us to take our expectations up for the full year. Yields increased over 17% year-over-year, another record, and more than double the increase in unit costs. This was driven not only by closing the occupancy gap but also through solid mid-single digit price increases. Customer deposits beat last year's record by another $1.3 billion, contributing to our strong cash flow and enabling us to prepay another $1.8 billion of debt already this year, which is on top of the $4 billion we prepaid last year. This is meaningful progress on our return to investment grade credit. Most important, we achieved all-time high booking volumes at considerably higher prices. In fact, our North American and European brands both set booking records in the first quarter with pricing strong across all core deployments and across all quarters. Prices ran up double-digits on limited inventory left for Q2. They ran considerably higher for our peak summer period in Q3. And they were also considerably higher for Q4 while still building on our occupancy advantage. Our record book position and activity did not just happen and it is not the result of pent-up demand from repeat guests built up during the pause, which is now years in the rear-view mirror. It is because we have been creating more consideration and broad-based demand for cruise travel in all of our source markets across our well-balanced portfolio. And as a result, we are capturing more new guests than ever before which coupled with our growing base of repeat guests, delivers greater overall demand. Our brands are delivering sustainable revenue growth that hits the bottom line. At the same time, our brands are continuing to pull the booking curve forward in line with our yield management strategy to base load bookings and ultimately support higher overall pricing over the course of the booking curve. As you know, before even entering the year, we already had the best book position on record with less 2024 inventory remaining for sale after absorbing double-digit guest growth, half of which was from closing the occupancy gap and half from higher ship capacity. Those efforts have enabled us to maintain price integrity on the remaining '24 inventory and sets us up nicely to deliver a nearly double-digit improvement in yields this year. This also allowed us to focus more of our efforts through wave on further out bookings, helping to lay the foundation for an early build 2025. It is remarkable that we are even better positioned now for 2025 than we were last year at this time, heading into what is shaping up to be a phenomenal 2024. To aid in that effort, we have been rolling out an enhancement to YODA, our yield management tool designed to facilitate an even more optimal booking curve and which will continue to pay dividends well into the future. Of course, we have more in the pipeline to sustain our momentum and capitalize on this untapped revenue opportunity. For instance, we have three fantastic new ships driving increased consideration and demand to their respective brands. Carnival Jubilee, Carnival Cruise Line's third Excel-class ship was recently christened by Gwen Stefani at her inaugural home port in Galveston, Texas. Sun Princess was recently delivered the first of its class and a real game changer for Princess and soon to be delivered is Queen Anne, a new flagship for Cunard and its first new ship in 14 years. Of course, as you've heard me say before, we do not need new ships to increase yield as we continue to position our brands to drive demand in excess of supply and address the unreasonable value gap to land-based alternatives. We are also continuing to invest in the existing fleet with AIDA evolution, the largest modernization program in that brand history. The planned enhancements to the guest experience are designed to deliver a meaningful revenue uplift across the brand while further reducing its environmental footprint and bolster the performance of one of our highest-returning brands. And speaking of brands that truly outperform, we are also continuing to strategically invest in growth for Carnival Cruise Line. Celebration Key, our exclusive destination purpose-built for that brand's target guest is really starting to capture the imagination as they launched a new marketing campaign right in the heart of wave season. Although early days Celebration Key is already delivering an initial halo for bookings in the second half of 2025 across 18 Carnival Cruise Line ships departing from 10 home ports. We also announced the second phase of development for Celebration Key with a peer extension that can berth two additional ships in future years, further leveraging what will be a best-in-class asset for us. We expect ticket revenue uplift from this incredible destination as the guest experience delivers unmatched funds as well as incremental in-port spending. And this will be coupled with cost benefits driven by considerable fuel savings as it will be the closest destination of our seven owned and operated ports in the Caribbean. This destination is designed to support the continued growth plan for Carnival Cruise Line, including the two recently announced additions to its highly successful Excel-class for delivery in 2027 and 2028. All of these investments demonstrate our disciplined capital allocation strategy. We continue to prioritize our investments towards our highest returning brands and biggest opportunities. This includes investments to reduce our carbon footprint, which will not only have a measurable impact on the environment, but also improve our bottom line. Our strategic investment in advertising is also paying dividends, driving demand across our portfolio with several new campaigns launched during wave. In fact, our web visits are up over a very strong 2023 with increases in both natural search and paid search. We increased our advertising efforts around our strategic foothold in Alaska. Alaska has long been the lifeblood for both Princess and Holland America, and they have launched new campaigns to build even greater awareness for our unmatched land-sea experiences. This initiative isn't just US based. We have stepped up our marketing efforts across Europe with new campaigns for all our major European brands. AIDA's new campaign, Experience Yourself Differently launched in Germany to rave reviews, P&O Cruises' new campaign, Holiday Like Never Before, really hit home with its British guest base. And Costa's newly released campaign focusing on moments where guests are left speechless, has been met with much success in its core markets of Italy, France and Spain. These campaigns have contributed to the continued strength of our European brands, which has been a meaningful driver of our improved outlook. It is particularly rewarding to see our European brands flexing their muscles across their core European deployments. It is a real testament to the strength of our portfolio. The outperformance we've experienced this quarter has been a continuation of the strong demand we've been experiencing for all our core deployments. The Caribbean, Alaska and Europe have all helped deliver over a point of incremental yield improvement. This more than offsets the impact of the Red Sea rerouting as well as changes in the price of fuel and currency exchange rates since our last update. It has also enabled us to raise our full-year guidance for EBITDA and net income. Our improving operational performance coupled with excess liquidity and the lowest order book in decades leaves us well positioned to continue to opportunistically manage down debt and interest expense while reducing the complexity of our capital structure. This is very much aligned with our return to investment grade credit over time and our treasury team has been quick to capitalize on this trajectory with an ongoing stream of well-executed transactions to strengthen our balance sheet. With the vast majority of this year's business now booked, we have even more conviction in delivering record revenues and EBITDA, along with a step change improvement in operating performance lasting well beyond 2024. While we continue to optimize yield on the limited inventory we have remaining and still manage down costs, we have been turning more of our attention to delivering an even stronger 2025. We're gaining traction on improvements across the commercial space along our path of continued margin enhancement and increased returns. Again, I would like to thank our team members, ship and shore, the best in all of travel and leisure for delivering unforgettable happiness to another 3 million guests this past quarter by providing them with extraordinary cruise vacations. Of course, we couldn't do it without the support from our travel agent partners and so many other stakeholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. I'll start today with a summary of our 2024 first-quarter results. Next, I will provide a couple of highlights about our second quarter and some color on our improved full-year March guidance. Then I'll finish up with an update on our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. Let's turn to the summary of our first quarter results. Our bottom line exceeded December guidance by $100 million as we outperformed once again. The improvement was essentially driven by two things, favorability in revenue from higher ticket prices as yields were up over 17%, nearly three-quarters of a point better than December guidance worth almost $30 million, while cruise costs without fuel per available lower berth day or ALBD came in over two points better than December guidance due to the timing of expenses between the quarters, which was worth over $50 million. Per diems improved 5% with improvements on both sides of the Atlantic driven by considerably higher ticket prices. At the same time, we saw outsized growth in occupancy of nearly 20 percentage points at our European brands on their path back to historical occupancy. Our North American brands of occupancy grew strong mid-single digits. The difference in occupancy growth on the two sides of the Atlantic resulted in a sizable mix impact on our consolidated onboard revenue per diems since as we have discussed in the past, our North American brand customers naturally spend more on board than their European counterparts. However, the underlying fact is that we saw an increase in onboard revenue per diems on both sides of the Atlantic, driven in part by the acceleration of strong pre-cruise sales growth. In fact, we saw a continuation of strong consumer behavior by guests onboarders trips, much like our booking trends this past quarter. As Josh indicated, first quarter was fantastic across the board with strong demand for our brands delivering record revenues, record yields and record per diems. Before I discuss our second quarter and full year guidance, I would like to add that given the timing of yesterday's events in Baltimore that Josh mentioned, our guidance does not include the current estimated impact of up to $10 million for the full year 2024 from the temporary change in homeport. Now a couple of things to highlight about our second quarter March guidance. The positive trends we saw in the first quarter are expected to continue in the second. Yield guidance for the second quarter is set at a strong 10.5%. The difference between the yield guidance for the second quarter and the first quarter yield improvement of over 17% is simply the result of the greater opportunity we had in occupancy in the first quarter 2024. With the improving trends we experienced during the first half of last year, 2023 second quarter occupancy was already seven percentage points higher than the first quarter. In addition, I did want to point out that nearly three-quarters of the full-year impact from the Red Sea rerouting is expected to occur in the second quarter with the remainder expected in the fourth quarter. Turning to our improved full-year March guidance. We are now forecasting a capacity increase of 4.5% compared to 2023. March guidance for net income of $1.28 billion is an $80 million improvement over our December guidance. The improvement was driven by two things, more than a point increase in yields to approximately 9.5% based on the considerably higher prices we have seen in booking trends so far this year and the continued strength in demand we anticipate going forward worth about $200 million. In addition, we are forecasting a collective improvement in all our cost lines, excluding fuel of over $50 million, including an improvement in cruise costs without fuel. This improvement of over $250 million is partially offset by the Red Sea rerouting impact of $130 million and the net impact from higher fuel price and currency of almost $45 million. The strong 9.5% improvement in 2024 yields is a result of an increase in all the component parts, higher ticket prices, higher onboard spending and higher occupancy at historical levels with all component parts improving on both sides of the Atlantic. I did want to point out that cruise costs, excluding fuel is expected to be better than December guidance due in part to cost savings related to Red Sea rerouting as certain ships reposition without guest as well as other efficiencies we identified that are included in our March guidance. While absolute costs are lower, the change in cruise costs without fuel per available lower berth day of 0.5 point from December to March guidance is simply the math of spreading all costs over the lower ALBDs resulting from the Red Sea rerouting as certain ships reposition without guests. We recognize that even within our industry-leading cost structure, there are opportunities which we can focus on and harvest over time. A great example is our Maritime Asset Strategy Transformation system, or what we refer to internally as MAST. As previously mentioned, MAST is a centralized system developed to optimize the management of equipment and machinery across all brands and all our ships. As we continue to roll-out MAST, it will allow us to leverage spare parts more effectively across the entire fleet and optimize our maintenance schedules and practices, all of which will strengthen our efficiency and reduce costs from unplanned maintenance over time. I will finish up with a summary of our refinancing and deleveraging efforts. During the first quarter, we generated cash from operations of $1.8 billion and free cash flow of $1.4 billion. We took delivery of two spectacular new ships and utilized two export credit facilities, continuing our strategy to finance our new build program at preferential interest rates. Also during the quarter, we successfully extended the maturity of our forward starting revolving credit facility by two years to August 2027 and upsized the borrowing capacity by $400 million, bringing the total commitment to $2.5 billion. We will continue to look for opportunities to upsize the facility through its accordion feature that allows us to add new banks and grow the commitment. Our efforts to proactively manage our debt profile continue throughout the quarter between open market repurchases early in the quarter and then our call of the remaining 9.9% second priority secured notes, we redeemed over $600 million of debt, removing the secured second lien layer from our capital structure. In addition to our second lien notes, we were able to repurchase almost $400 million of debt at a discount, adding power to our deleveraging efforts. We expect to continue our open market repurchase program on an opportunistic basis. We will continue to call some of our existing debt. In fact, yesterday we prepaid our $837 million euro term loan due in 2025 removing higher-than-average interest rate debt and another secured instrument from our capital structure. This further demonstrates our commitment to an investment-grade balance sheet. Our leverage metrics will continue to improve throughout 2024 as our EBITDA continues to grow and our debt levels improve. Using our March guidance EBITDA of $5.63 billion, we expect a two-turn improvement in net debt to EBITDA leverage positioning us more than halfway down the path to investment grade metrics. In summary, continued execution coupled with strengthening demand for our brands is driving increased confidence in our ongoing performance. We are pleased this has been recognized by S&P and Moody's with their recent upgrades as well as by our banking partners with their recent upsizing and two-year extension of our revolving credit facility. Looking forward, over the next several years, substantial free cash flow will significantly reduce our leverage, moving us further down the road to rebuilding our financial fortress, while continuing the process of transferring value from debt holders back to shareholders. Now, operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment please for the first question. Our first question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about your commentary about considerably higher for the remainder of the year. Just looking at the math of that, is it fair to say that it looks like your per diem growth in the rest of the year is accelerating to maybe 6% or higher compared to the 5% in Q1? I just wanted to get it if that sounds right in terms of what your -- what you think considerably may mean. And then just if I could ask as a follow-up, in terms of ship orders, obviously saw your second ship order yesterday since the pandemic, and there was a line in it that said you continue to review fleet plans or there was some wording that I thought maybe suggested you might have another ship order later this year for 2028, which would be completely in line with what you've said long-term, but is that kind of what the language is suggesting? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Hi. Good morning, Robin. This is Josh. So, yeah, I mean, the good news is we just experienced a first-quarter booking activity that really knocked the cover off the ball, which is really gratifying to see. The volumes are going to naturally taper down, as we talked about, but the good thing is people are paying for what we have left to offer. And so when we came up with our guidance for yields overall, it was not just based on occupancy, it was based on occupancy plus per diem growth in pricing, and that is playing out. So I won't give you a specific number for rest of year or fourth quarter, but we know the comps get harder, but that's not an excuse. We just need to make sure we're doing what we need to do on the demand and get the per diems up year-over-year every quarter, which is what our expectation is. So that trend has continued well, and the great thing is that hasn't stopped. If you look at the first month of our next quarter of March, that trend has continued. So we're in good stead there, and that's spilling into 2025 as well, where, as you heard me say and David say, we're off to another unprecedented start, which is great to see. As far as the newbuild, yeah, we're incredibly excited that we've restarted our newbuild ordering. But as you mentioned, in line with what I've been saying for almost two years now, which is when we restart, which is what we've done, we're talking about one to two chips a year starting in 2027. There won't be another one in 2027. That will be what we've got. As far as 2028 goes, could there be another one? It's not closed, but I wouldn't necessarily bank on it either. We are working on more things that are going to be geared towards our highest returning brands as we've been talking about. And when there's something to talk about, we'll certainly share it.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Josh Weinstein: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. Please proceed.
David Katz: Hi. Good morning. David, appreciate all the insights so far with respect to the guidance et cetera. But with the ship orders and just taking a much longer-term view, presuming, and I just looking for confirmation that, that doesn't change or alter the path to investment grade by sort of adding some more CapEx to the system longer term.
David Bernstein: No, not at all. We are working down our road to investment grade. We are prioritizing the repayment of debt and the repurchase of debt. And we look -- as we did in the first quarter, as Josh indicated, and I gave the details, we prepaid $1.8 billion of debt so far this year. And with improved EBITDA, we expect to get to investment-grade metrics in 2026. And remember, Josh, we're only talking one ship to two ships a year and with the cash generation, we expect to continue to see improved debt, net debt to EBITDA in 2027 and '28 as well with -- even with the new orders on our path to investment grade.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah, when we came up with our roadmap, sorry, this is Josh. We did factor in the assumption that there would be future newbuilds with stage payments in advance. So that was already factored into how we were thinking about the world and still being able to pay down the debt and get to those investment-grade metrics.
David Katz: Understood, Josh. And if I can just follow up quickly, and I know I asked this repeatedly, I'd love to just get your sense for sort of what's at or near the top of the list in terms of just the business in general and other change in execution or how things are done or other improvements that you're working on. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. I'm going to sound like a broken record. When it comes to the commercial side of the operations, I think everybody has room to improve across all areas and that's never going to stop being a focus. And we're seeing a good amount of progress and that's across the advertising, across revenue management, across onboard execution, certainly deployment planning, I mean, you name it, we just expect to continually understand our business, understand our guests brand by brand, and have them execute at the highest level possible. So we've talked about some game changers for us around Celebration Key, which will be coming in 2025, a new period, Half Moon Cay, which will open up that destination which is a true jewel to even more guest flow. So there's certainly some very specific strategic assets that we've got moving in place which are going to be a great tailwind for us. But I think the bigger tailwind is really having our brands perform across their core markets, to their core guests, to the best of their abilities.
David Katz: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please proceed.
Brandt Montour: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Josh, when we look at your per diem growth for '24 guidance and we think about what went into that and we rewind the clock six, nine, 12 months, we remember that you guys were what we call -- what you call base building for '24 throughout last year, and it was a pricing environment that arguably isn't as good as it is now. And so I guess the question is, when you think about where you were last year and where you are this year, is the strategy going to -- do you feel better and is the strategy any different when you're thinking about base loading '25 and where we could be in 12 months from now thinking about pricing growth?
Josh Weinstein: Yeah, I mean, I do feel better. I feel better because we have another year under our belt of our brands, really focused on optimizing their booking curves. We're doing it in an environment which we get the benefit of, let's call it a full year of somewhat normal, whereas last year, depending on the brand, it was a struggle of trying to fill short-term and think long-term. This year we -- because of what we've been able to build going into the year, we -- I mean, it's historical. We have the ability to really lean in even more into optimizing from a strategic perspective as opposed to plugging holes along the way, which we were focused on as well last year. So I think the future is quite bright.
Brandt Montour: Okay, that's helpful. And then you guys did touch on the EA brands and the European brands and how they're doing. I was wondering if we could just sort of double-click on that and talk about -- and maybe you could tell us those brands' recovery versus '19 and how they're tracking versus your North American brands and just sort of split it out between occupancy, ticket and onboard and sort of what inning those brands are in across those three metrics. That would be helpful.
Josh Weinstein: So, let me give you -- I'll give you overall, and David, if you want to add some color, certainly feel free. I think the biggest difference between the brands by segment, when you think about this year is the huge occupancy jump that the European brands are making year-over-year. And it's an occupancy jump that was really focused primarily on the first half of the year. And then it all started to normalize a good amount more as we got to the second half of last year. From a pricing perspective, from an onboard spending perspective, and as we make our way through this year from an occupancy perspective, everybody is moving on both sides of the Atlantic in a positive way. So this -- as expected, we knew that the European brands would be an outsized driver of yield improvement for us simply because of the occupancy. But I can tell you this, they're not doing it at the expense of price. Our European brands are getting price and occupancy.
Brandt Montour: Okay.
Josh Weinstein: David gave me a thumbs up, so I hope that answers your question.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Hardiman with Citi. Please proceed.
James Hardiman: Hi. Good morning. So maybe just to belabor that last point about occupancy, it seems like at least part of the first quarter success was occupancy was better than you thought. I'm assuming we're at a place now where it's not just about filling rooms, it's about filling rooms with more people to get to higher occupancy. So what drove that outperformance? And is there a way to think about the full year and/or the second quarter occupancy number? Obviously, there's a wide range to what could be considered historical. But I don't know, versus 2019, how should we think about occupancy this year? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Hey, James. So I think David talked about last quarter, the historical range, we're talking 104 to 107, and 2019 was the peak at 107. That may or may not be the right ending point for us. And I'm not trying to be vague, because we want to give our brands the flexibility to not optimize for occupancy or price, but it's about yield. It's about the combination of both. So I feel quite good about where we are. We did beat a little bit in occupancy, and we also beat a little bit in price in the first quarter, which was good to see. And from my perspective, I'd like us to outperform on both every single quarter. So, yeah, there's no games here. I expect us to be well in the historical range, and we'll take it and our brands will take it as far as they think it should be in order to get the price combination along with the occupancy.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then, yeah, go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: Yeah. The only thing I'll add is, keep in mind is that we essentially got back to historical occupancy in the back half of 2023. So the occupancy opportunity in 2024 is much more heavily weighted to the first half, which I described in the -- in my prepared remarks, where we were able to increase occupancy considerably by 11% in the first quarter. And we do expect occupancy to go up in the second quarter as well.
Josh Weinstein: And our brands, I don't want you to take this the wrong way. Our brands are being quite thoughtful about opportunities to introduce more families than they maybe had in the past, looking at their cabin configuration. So there's always opportunities and we encourage our brands to certainly lean into that.
James Hardiman: That's helpful. And then, Josh, you seem to make a point of noting that you don't think the current demand strength is really pent-up demand at this point, which seems to suggest that maybe we've graduated from the post-pandemic phase to the post-pandemic phase. Maybe speak to the secular story that seems to be building here whether it be from an industry perspective or a company-specific perspective, I think a lot of people are just trying to figure out the sustainability of the demand growth that we're seeing. Obviously, per diems are ahead of sort of that long-term algo, right? How long can that ultimately last, and what are going to be the drivers there? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So I'll -- I think I'll speak for the industry. Jason, Harry, hope you don't mind. But I would say that there is more and more of a realization of the value and experience gap that cruising has to other alternatives. And since the pandemic, both of those things have effectively gapped out because it's a greater value because of the price jacking that the land-based operations have been able to do and they've done it without providing a comparable guest experience. And when you compare that to us, even with our outsized per diem growth, it's still a value gap. People are not stupid. Consumers are not stupid. They are looking for value and they're looking for experiences that are worth paying for. And when you line that up, it is boating very well for the cruise industry. We now speak on behalf of the corporation, we are also leaning more into advertising, getting our messaging out, doing it more effectively, which is additional tailwinds. We -- our new to cruise is up over 30% versus last year first quarter. It's not pent-up demand. It is truly casting the wide net, having a great experience and delivering. And so I do not see an ending point. We have room to close the gap to land when it comes to the value and still be able to champion the value while leaning into the experience. So I think that backdrop is incredibly encouraging for the industry.
James Hardiman: That's really good color. Thanks, Josh.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah, thanks, James.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steven Wieczynski: Yeah. Hey, guys. Good morning. So, Josh or David, if we go back to the yield guidance for the year or the revised yield guidance, I should say, moving it up 100 basis points, I mean, I think that makes total sense, given you have a lot more visibility into the way that the year is going to look, and you're not -- you're probably in an extremely, extremely well-booked position. I guess my question is going to be more on the onboard side. And as you kind of think about the rest of the year, I would assume you guys are probably taking somewhat of a conservative view around the onboard metrics. And I guess saying that even differently is if onboard kind of stays where it is today, I would assume there's probably then upside to the -- to your guidance. That -- can I ask that that way, hopefully?
David Bernstein: Steve, I think one of the things, remember onboard, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are seeing increases on both sides of the Atlantic. It's just that there's a mix impact, and you're going to see somewhat of a mix impact in the second quarter as well although not nearly as big for the first -- as the first quarter because of the occupancy growth will not be as great or I should say the opportunity will not be as great in the European brands in the second quarter. But on both sides of the Atlantic, it's going up and we feel very good. We're -- as I said, we're seeing continued strength in onboard on the guests. We are accelerating the pre-cruise sales. We saw a double-digit increase in terms of the percent of pre-cruise sales of onboard revenue in the first quarter. So a lot of positive things are happening and all of that was built into our guidance.
Josh Weinstein: Yeah, I'd say, Steve, as always, we try to give our best understanding of how the world looks today while continuing to push and press internally with our brands to optimize and maximize both on the ticket and on the onboard spending, which is more important as we move forward to look at on a combined basis, given bundling and how we package things for our guests. And it just hasn't slowed down, which is really the message that people should take. And I know there was some commentary that came out that caused some noise about are there -- is there anything that we need to be worried about for Q4 slowing down? And for us at least, it's the opposite. The acceleration has included Q4 both on the volume and the price. So long may it last.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, thanks for that, guys. And then second question, I'm going to ask about 2025. And look, I'm sure you're obviously very limited in what you can say around bookings, given it's still so far out. But if you look at bookings for next year, I guess what I'm trying to get a sense is, are you seeing a change in who's booking today? And what I mean by that is normally you'd be booking your longer, more exotic itineraries right now, but are you starting to see more, what we would call the normal itineraries being booked this far out? And are you continuing to see that new-to-cruise category for next year still be pretty strong or is it just still too early?
Josh Weinstein: So the -- as to the first part, the good news is it really is across the board. It's not just more people on world cruises, which we are seeing. So not to discount that, but what we are seeing is an improvement in the revenue management and booking curve across the board. So I think that bodes well for 2025. I think it's probably too early to talk about composition of guests, other than to say, our profile as we have been going quarter by quarter, has been improving that casting of the net to go beyond brand repeaters and going into new-to-cruise, which I think is probably the greatest litmus test that things are working, that the message is getting through. Now, we also have -- we also do have Celebration key, which as we get closer and closer to 2025 and closer and closer to its opening, which isn't until the second half of '25, I think we'll be able to see and talk more and more about the halo impact of that in our arsenal.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Jaime Katz: Hi. Good morning. I want to piggyback onto that value proposition question we had earlier from James. And I guess, can you talk a little bit about what is motivating consumers to actually convert the booking? Is it bundling? Is it traditional marketing like advertising? Is there something else or has there been sort of any change in the pattern to what is motivating people to make that decision? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. I don't think there's necessarily a change other than we are doing things better than we used to. We are doing a better job, I believe, investing more in advertising and doing a better job of getting the word out. Like I said, the revenue management, right, pricing it right at the right point in the curve to get people to commit is quite important. But the other, sorry, I just lost my train of thought. So I just leave it at that. I don't see anything that's inherently different other than being able to go deeper into what we are doing and doing it well. And the results that we see, not only from the bookings, but from the search activity, from the website visits, from the conversion, it's all moving in the right direction. That says all of those commercial activities are supporting our ability to get that message out. And the other thing -- I know what I was going to say. The other thing I'd say and this is not a thing about pre-pause versus post-pause. This is -- you also got to remember that if you think about the four-year period that we have just gone through where we had no sailings and then slowly ramping up, this is the first year that we've really got full capacity. All guests on board our ships that then get off of our ships. And when they get off of our ships, they go tell their friends and their family how amazing it is and help us convince newcomers to come aboard. And so we really are finally back at this point where we have all of those channels and all of those avenues at our back to support the future.
Jaime Katz: Okay, that's helpful. And then I think there was a comment that there was some benefit to a timing of expenses in the first quarter. Is there any shift in the timing of expenses over the back three quarters that would be helpful to be aware about. Thanks.
David Bernstein: We gave guidance for the second quarter. The third and fourth quarter, probably the third quarter might be a little bit lower than the fourth overall, but nothing that was -- no shifts that we're seeing at the moment.
Jaime Katz: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks, and congrats on another nice quarter.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So, Josh --
Josh Weinstein: Is that a question? All right. Go ahead, Matt.
Matthew Boss: So near term and maybe relative to the phenomenal wave season and the strength that you cited across brands, I was hoping maybe, could you elaborate on trends that you're seeing today at the Carnival and AIDA brands, maybe relative to the direction of improvement that you're seeing across your other seven brands as we think about maybe just the remaining opportunity across the portfolio in 2025 and beyond?
Josh Weinstein: I think -- that's a good question. Let me think about how I want to answer that. I would say that both of those brands have actually fully recovered at this point to pre-pause. Their ROIC is already back to where it was and in fact exceeding. When we talk about the spectrum and where all of our brands have been and where they currently are on the commercial space, right, when it comes to revenue management, when it comes to the deployment planning, when it comes to the performance marketing, brand marketing. I would say those two brands, not surprisingly, are our leaders in those categories. And so it does give us the roadmap for the other brands to follow suit, right? And that is what we're doing. I mean, I don't want anyone to call to misunderstand what I'm saying. All of our brands are improving. Not surprisingly, the ones that performed at the top before are back at the top again. And we are making sure that the learnings and the practices are being shared and disseminated and utilized across the board, which is why we are getting back our ROIC piece by piece. And we -- on this guidance, we'll be back to above 9% at the end of this year. We've got three more points after that to meet our targets for 2026, which I'm confident in, and then to go further. And we're going to do that by continuing that progress on the commercial space.
Matthew Boss: And then maybe just a follow-up. So if we think about the booking curve at record levels and obviously providing some increased forward visibility. When we think about pricing power in '25 or multi-year, and I'm just thinking back to the baseline of low-to-mid single-digits, historically, the incremental seems like the experiences and the investments that you've made as we think about opening of Celebration Key in the second half of '25. So just thinking about pricing power moving forward, maybe relative to the historical baseline, what the opportunities may be?
Josh Weinstein: Yeah, although I'd love to say that's what we're banking on and it's that easy. It's not. I mean, it is. Celebration Key is going to be fantastic and we're already seeing the start of that impact. But I cannot -- I can't emphasize enough when we are doing a good job on revenue management and pulling that booking curve forward and managing the pricing through the curve as opposed to tanking pricing at the end. You don't need, it's math, right, and it works. And it means that we can maintain that price consistency and pricing is going to go up as we go year-over-year. And to the point you're asking about our other brands, some of our brands have been doing that well for years, some of them have not. But the ones that have not are leaning into it now and we're starting to see -- starting to see that improvement. And the great thing is there is a long runway for that to continue.
Matthew Boss: Great. Best of luck.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities. Please proceed.
Patrick Scholes: Great. Good morning. Thank you. Josh, certainly, you've talked sort of high level on positives around Celebration Key. I'm wondering what sort of daily cruise pricing premium you're seeing or maybe expecting for itineraries that do stop at Celebration Key. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Hey, Patrick. So we're not giving guidance for '25 yet. And since we're not sailing there until 25, I'm going to be careful about how I answer this. I would say, first of all, we are expecting -- we are, as I said in my notes, we're expecting an uplift both on the ticket side and the import spending, which effectively will come across as onboard revenue. It's too early to give you specifics. When we did our investment for Celebration Key, and then we effectively just doubled down to get a peer for two more berths. We did that with a very healthy ROIC. And that ROIC is coming from three main components. One is the incremental ticket, two is incremental import spending, and three is the benefit we get from creating something so close to so many home ports in the United States that it cuts our fuel consumption considerably. So those three components are what's driving that decision-making, and it's going to be a great guest experience and be an incredible asset for us.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. And then just a follow-up on that. What -- from a high level, what are some of those opportunities for upsell once you are on the island of Celebration Key? Obviously, I'm familiar with competitors, what they -- what items they charge, what they don't. Maybe a bit of a softball question, but what do you think people will be saying? We'll be really willing to pay up for to have an extra, extra special time on your island. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So it'll be a combination of things. We have a private beach club as part of the bigger development of Celebration Key, which isn't an island. It is part of Grand Bahama, which is a phenomenal home for us. We're going to also have a huge capacity of cabanas, overwater cabanas, different sized cabanas that people will be able to rent for the day, which you'd be surprised at how much people are willing to pay to rent cabanas for the day. There's going to be F&B opportunities. There are retail opportunities. And that's just the start of phase one, because we have only built on or we will have built on about a quarter of the property that we got our -- that we own. And so phase one is that. And phase two will be incremental guest experiences and spaces and revenue opportunities.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. I'm all set. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Chaiken with Mizuho. Please proceed.
Ben Chaiken: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just to dig in on the cost cadence a little bit more. 1Q better than guide sounds like some timing, I guess to clarify, does that mean it slipped into 2Q a little bit and then 2Q also includes 1.3 points from Red Sea? I guess with this -- with that in mind, the full-year cost guide is 5% constant currency which I think suggests something around mid-single digit in the back half in the context of the year-over-year occupancy is getting easier relative to the one-half. I guess, one, do I have those moving parts correct? And then two, could you help us better understand the variables that you're considering in the second half? Thanks.
David Bernstein: Sure. The moving parts are correct. The average for the first half of the year that the 7 point -- 7% in the first quarter and 3% in the second is about 5%, and the back half is also about 5%. Some of the difference is driven by dry dock days as well because we had a different timing between the quarters. I think in December I had indicated the amount of dry dock that increased in the first quarter. There's also differences in advertising and a number of other things between the quarters. I always talk to people about measuring us on our full-year cost guidance because the timing of expenses between the quarters sometimes is a choice of things that we want to spend either on repair, maintenance or other things. So look at it from a full-year perspective and that's the best way to judge us.
Ben Chaiken: That makes sense. Just maybe a little bit more detail on the dry dock. Could you maybe clarify the quarters? I believe originally it was 1Q and 4Q were the heavy dry dock quarters. Is that still the right way to think about it or how would you?
David Bernstein: Yeah, that is. And the 1Q is considerably higher than the second quarter or the fourth quarter.
Ben Chaiken: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Josh Weinstein: So, operator, I think we got time for one more question.
Operator: We have a question from Lizzie Dove with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Lizzie Dove: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I think your ticket price per passenger is very strong this quarter, and it sounds like a pretty decent outlook for this year and '25. I'm curious how much of that is kind of benefit from some of the new hardware. The Firenze joining the fleet over from the other brand, Carnival Jubilee, Sun Princess. How much do these new ships impact pricing? What kind of premium are you getting and how does it change how you manage the pricing for the rest of the fleet?
Josh Weinstein: Yeah, so, good morning, Lizzie. Welcome to the first -- I think your first call or the first call since you've been covering us. So the new ships get a premium. There is no doubt that the new ships get a premium. The way we manage brand by brand, how much of that premium to get. It also depends on where we're putting that ship because we're not going to necessarily want to put the best ship on the best itinerary because that's not the good thing for the overall brand. So there is a -- obviously a bunch of different components to get into. What I will tell you though, I mean, just to take a step back, because remember, we've got nine brands, most of which have not had a new build and will not have a new build for some time. And the pricing improvements that we're getting are not focused solely on the brands that get the new ships. Brands that have not gotten new ships are seeing nice improvements as well in pricing. And so while I do love them, it's three this year out of 95 ships. And so the 92 ships, having them deliver outsized demand and pricing is going to move us more so than a premium on one or two of the ships. So I'm not disagreeing with the question, but I think to put it into perspective, it's much more important for us to get the per diems up on the rest of the fleet, which is what we've been very, very focused on.
Lizzie Dove: Got it. That's helpful. And then just one follow-up. I thought James question about the secular growth outlook was interesting. I know you guys tend to index higher on new-to-cruise than some of your peers. I think you said you captured 3.5 million of new-to-cruise guests last year. How many of those do you see then convert into second-time, third-time cruisers? And so how can we -- what's the outlook for like real category expansion here?
Josh Weinstein: Yeah, well, our brand repeaters were up 9% year-over-year. So it's -- it is -- it does translate into incremental overall demand for the long term. Now, cruisers don't generally go every year. We're looking for every three years to four years would be ideal for those of them that have decided they like what we do and want to come back. So that's part of the growth plan. It's casting our net wide and getting a good portion of them to sail with us again in the next three to four years.
Lizzie Dove: Got it. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody. I appreciate the questions and look forward to seeing you all soon.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-12-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator:
Beth Roberts: Good morning. This is Beth Roberts, SVP Investor Relations. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I'm joined today by our CEO, Josh Weinstein, our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and our Chair, Micky Arison. Before we begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I will refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. All references to ticket prices, net per diem, net yields and adjusted cruise costs without fuel will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. References to per diems and yields will be on a net basis. Our comments may also reference cruise costs without fuel, EBITDA, net income, net loss, earnings per share, free cash flow and ROIC, all of which will be on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise stated. All these references are non-GAAP financial measures defined in our earnings press release. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are also contained in our earnings press release and in our investor presentation. Please visit our corporate website where our earnings press release and investor presentation can be found. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you, Beth. It's safe to say we ended the year on a high note and closed another quarter with record revenues, record booking levels and record customer deposits. In fact, we consistently set records in all four quarters this past year. We also achieved per diem EBITDA and net income for the fourth quarter that all exceeded the high end of our September guidance range with cruise cost ex fuel in line with expectations. Fourth quarter yields continued on a positive trajectory, significantly higher than a very strong 2019 and even higher than we had anticipated and enabled us to overcome four years of high cost inflation to deliver per unit EBITDA that eclipsed 2019, holding fuel and currency constant. It was encouraged to see both North American and European brand occupancy levels exceed 101% in the fourth quarter with per diems for our North American brands up double-digits over 2019 and our European brands just shy of a double-digit increase. We delivered per diem improvements of more than 7-points for the full year with even stronger acceleration in Q4 while closing the double-digit occupancy gap at the start of the year to reach historical levels for the second half of 2023. An absolute spending on board was consistent across all four quarters as we drove improvement in ticket prices. We delivered $85 million more to the bottom line in the fourth quarter than forecasted, which pushed us through to positive adjusted income for the year. Strong EBITDA and cash from operations also propelled us on our journey to reduce the debt load necessitated during the pause in operations. We made debt payments of $6 billion this year ago, and we still have well over $5 billion of liquidity on top of strong and improving cash flow, which will contribute to further debt reduction over time. All of this leaves us firmly placed on our path back to achieve investment grade leverage metrics by 2026. And most importantly, our brands delivered happiness to over 12 million guests this year, laying the foundation upon which all of our SEA Change targets are built. Turning to bookings. We reached an all-time high in booking volumes for the two weeks around Black Friday, Cyber Monday and ended the year in the best booked position we have ever seen on both price and occupancy setting 2024 off to an amazing start. We now have nearly two-thirds of the business on the books for 2024 and that considerably higher prices. And during the fourth quarter, we essentially maintained the significant occupancy advantage we have built for 2024 going into the quarter, while improving year-over-year price position of our booked business even further. At this point, much of the first half is already behind us. With approximately 85% of the business on the books, we've essentially closed the double-digit occupancy gap to historical levels on higher capacity and at higher prices. For our peak summer period, all major products are better booked at higher prices benefiting from improving trends in both occupancy and price during the fourth quarter. Our yield management strategy, the baseload bookings has clearly set us up for another record year. And again, we have seen no sign of our business slowing. The book position for our North American brands remains as far out as we have ever seen and well ahead of last year, and pricing that is considerably higher. Our European brands just delivered record fourth quarter booking volume at considerably higher prices and with a booking window now fully back to historical norms. As expected, our European brands are poised to become an even greater contributor to our 2024 operating improvement. At the same time, we are continuing to pull forward onboard revenue through bundling and pre-crew sales. This strategy, coupled with even more features onboard our newer ships for our guests to enjoy positions us well for further onboard revenue growth next year. Also, we expect occupancy for the full year to return to historical levels on 5% higher capacity, while delivering nicely higher per diems dam building on this year's record results. In 2023, we captured over 3.5 million new to cruise guests and remain well-positioned to continue to take share from land-based alternatives. In other words, we are gaining momentum in our ability to close the unwarranted value gap to land-based alternatives. And to aid in that effort, we can further chance the fact that while many land-based alternatives have pulled back on service levels. We still deliver incredible service to our guests, thanks to our amazing crew. This pair is exceedingly well with the expansive amount of guest-pleasing amenities offered on board our newer fleet. In fact, while almost four years have passed since the pause in our operations, our fleet actually came out of the pause a year younger through our fleet optimization efforts. This past year alone, we benefited from three fantastic new ships, including Carnival celebration and P&O Cruises. Arvia, both of which are flagships for their respective brands yet leverage our scale as the seven and eight vessels in our popular and exceptionally efficient series of XL class ships, and we welcome Seabourn Pursuit, our second expedition ship. Seabourn Pursuit has truly raised the bar for expedition cruising in extreme luxury. And while not technically new, Carnival Cruise Line also welcomed Carnival Venezia into its fun Italian-style platform via the transfer from Costa and it has been going gangbusters. It's the biggest example yet of how we leverage our scale and we'll be doubling down when we bring over her sister ship Carnival Firenze in 2024. Looking forward, this year is set to match the excitement level with the introduction of Carnival Jubilee, a new icon for Carnival Cruise Line and which no doubt will be the pride of Texas as she has her inaugural home in Galveston The innovative Sun Princess, the first of its class and a real game changer for Princess and Queen Anne, a new flagship for Cunard and its first new ship in 14 years. With all of these additions roughly 30% of our capacity will be newly delivered ships. We also made meaningful headway on other strategic asset projects. We began construction on Celebration Key which will be the largest and closest exclusive destination in our destination portfolio and a real game changer for Carnival Cruise Line. We'll bring 18 Carnival ships departing from nine home ports to Celebration Key and while we are still about 1.5 years from Go-Live, we are already ramping up the awareness and excitement around the fantastic destination. We've also started the process for a significant upside in guest traffic at Half Moon Cay, our exclusive and beautiful pristine island destination in the Bahamas, with the creation of a pierside berth that can accommodate even our largest vessels. We've begun work with our Grand Bahamas shipyard partners on the construction of two floating dry docks, one of which will have the largest lifting capacity in the world. This will result in significant benefit in the future as we reduce travel time, preserve revenue days and, at the same time, reduce our fuel consumption. As you know, we've also been investing more in advertising over the last 18 months, and it has definitely paid off with elevated awareness and consideration for our brand and record booking levels and revenue results. In fiscal 2023, our web visits were up over 35%. Our paid search was up roughly 50% and our natural search was up almost 75%, all many, many multiples of our 5% capacity growth. In the fourth quarter, we carried more new to cruise, have more new-to-brand guests than we did in the fourth quarter of 2019. Given our success and generating demand at this point in time, we plan to maintain a similar level of advertising on a unit basis in 2024 compared to 2023, optimizing around each brand. This will help us continue to build demand and bookings well outside of the current year. We're working aggressively to keep our strong momentum going through waves and beyond. Just to list a few examples Costa recently launched spectacular new campaign in its core markets, focusing on moments where guests are left speechless. Holland America, launched a sequel to its highly successful Time of Your Life campaign and AIDA just kicked off its new campaign experience yourself differently in conjunction with the holiday Carnival will launch a new marketing campaign highlighting Celebration Key in time for P&O Cruises new campaign, Holiday Like Never Before, launches Christmas Day in the U.K. and Cunard has planned a welcome Fit For A Queen to introduce Queen Anne early next year, which is sure to capture huge fanfare. We've been talking about upping our game across the commercial space. And we've made good progress. Of course, we're not done. And as you'd expect, we never will as there is always room to improve. There's much more to come, as we rolled out advancements to our yield management tools and lead generation techniques, continue to invest in sales and sales support and build on already strong relationships with our trade partners. Tuning to cost, as we previously indicated, new-to-cruise costs ex-fuel for 2024 are expected to be higher than inflation due to the impact of closing the occupancy gap and the higher volume or dry-dock days. David will walk you through in more detail. But that said, we have been working aggressively to mitigate inflation through our cost optimization initiatives, including leveraging our scale. In some cases, we're investing today for future benefits. Just to cite a couple of examples of initiatives underway, we're essentially complete with the rollout of sterling across the globe. This will produce more than a 20% reduction in cost per ALBD in 2024 and significantly increase our bandwidth pipeline, resulting in both, better guest experience and higher onboard revenues, a clear win-win. And with our new Vendor-Neutral platform, we are positioned to quickly capture cost savings in future years. We've also launched our Maritime Asset Strategy Transformation, or what we refer to internally as MAS. MAS is a centralized system developed to optimize the management of equipment and machinery across all brands and all of our ships. MAS will allow us to leverage spare parts more effectively across the entire fleet and optimize our maintenance schedules and practices, all of which will strengthen our efficiency and reduce unplanned maintenance overtime. Well, we won't see the P&L benefits for MAS this year as we ramp up its implementations in 2024. We expect a multiyear benefit, well in excess of $100 million that really begin to ramp up in 2026. All the efforts we're making to drive revenue and manage cost are expected to lead to a four point margin improvement in 2024. We're going to record EBITDA of over $5.5 billion, which is 30% higher than 2023. Thanks to a strong second half of 2023. We're already tracking ahead of our plan to achieve the change our three year financial targets, calling for the highest ROIC and EBITDA per ALBD in nearly two decades. And our 2024 guidance delivers another step change toward these deliverables. EBITDA per ALBD is expected to be up by more than 25% over our target starting point and to more than halfway to the 50% increase expected, in our SEA Change targets. Today's guidance but also delivered 9% ROIC of four point increase from the starting point of our targets. This leaves just 1.5 point annual increases in 2025 and 2026 to hit our 12% target. Not surprisingly, our brand dedicated to a single market. Carnival, AIDA and P&O cruises in the U.K. are again leading the charge with the highest ROIC levels in the company. And with regard to our greenhouse gas target, included in our 2026 SEA Change Program, our GHG Intensity in 2024 is expected to be just shy of the 20% reduction from 2019 were targeted. It's worth noting, this was a 2030 goal. We had already pulled forward by four years. We have been and continue to work aggressively to reduce our environmental footprint and fuel costs at the same time. This deep commitment has not only resulted in industry-leading fuel efficiency but it has also resulted in lower absolute GHG emissions. Our absolute emissions are over 10% lower than the 2011 peak and that's despite capacity growth of 30% since then. Last year, we also exceeded our industry-leading shore power capability goals. We are ahead of the curve and now have twice as many ships capable of shore power than there are ports around the world available plug into. Again, I credit all of these important achievements to our people, ship and shore. Collectively, they continue to outperform, allowing us to make good headwind on our SEA Change targets. We're poised for another step change in operating improvement this year with nearly two-thirds of the business on the books at considerably higher prices, ongoing momentum from improvements across the commercial space, the amazing vacation experiences we deliver day-in, day-out at way too good over relative value to land-based alternatives and an even greater experienced staff, all while growing onboard revenues and managing costs. All of this combined sets us up well to deliver another year of record revenues and record EBITDA. Our cash flow strength, coupled with excess liquidity, the return of credit card reserves in a few weeks and the lowest order book in decades will allow us to continue to actively manage down debt and aggressively reduce interest expense over time. It will also propels us on our path to deleverage investment-grade credit rating and higher ROIC. I remain confident in our continued execution with an unparalleled portfolio of best-in-class brands and amazing fleet that just keeps getting better and better, and our greatest assets are people. This has been a truly remarkable year, and we've come a long way in an incredibly short amount of time. I would like to thank our team members, ship and shore, the best in all of traveling measure travel and leisure unforgettable happiness to over 12 million guests this year by providing them with extraordinary cruise vacations for honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit and life we touch. And thank you for the strong support from our travel agent partners as well as our royal guests, destination partners, investors and many other stakeholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. I'll start today with a summary of our 2023 fourth quarter and full year results. Next, I will provide a recap of our refinancing and deleveraging efforts during 2023 and finish off with some color on our 2024 full year and first quarter December guidance. Our fourth quarter bottom line exceeded the better end of our guidance range as we outperformed our September guidance. The $85 million improvement was driven by favorability in revenue from higher ticket prices as net per diems were up over 10%, 3-points better than the midpoint of our September guidance range. In fact, fourth quarter revenues of $5.4 billion for a fourth quarter record and net yields were up nearly 8% as compared to 2019, a great way to close out the year and another indication that we do not see a slowdown in our consumers. For the full year, thanks to the tremendous efforts of our team members, ship and shore, we closed the books on 2023 with positive adjusted net income. That is a far cry from our March guidance as we delivered over $550 million to the bottom-line, which was partially offset by a drag from fuel price and currency exchange rates of over $100 million. The improvement was driven by delivering a 7.5% increase in net revenue per diem versus 2019, which was over double the 3.5% midpoint of our March guidance, while closing the double-digit occupancy GAAP at the start of the year to reach historical occupancy levels. Absolute spending per diems on board were consistent across all four quarters as we drove improvements in ticket prices on both sides of the Atlantic and ended the year with net yields of nearly 1% over 2019. Next, I will provide a recap of our refinancing and deleveraging efforts during 2023. As Josh indicated, our full year 2023 strong EBITDA of $4.2 billion and strong cash from operations of $4.3 billion, propelled us on our journey to pay down debt and reduce the debt burden necessitated by the pause in guest cruise operations. During 2023, we made debt payments of $6 billion and ended the year with just over $30 billion of debt, which is $3 billion better than we forecasted just nine months ago during our March conference call and almost $5 billion of the first quarter peak transferring enterprise value from debt holders to shareholders. During 2023, we proactively addressed our debt profile as we successfully started our refinancing and deleveraging program. We accelerated our debt repayment efforts and aggressively manage down our interest expense. In 2023, we effectively stretched out the 2025 maturity on favorable terms by replacing it with a $1.3 billion term loan B facility in 2027 and a $500 million offering of senior secured notes in 2029. This refinancing, along with our optimism about our future and the return of customer deposit reserves gave us some confidence to accelerate our debt repayment by calling $1.2 billion of our highest cost debt. In addition, we opportunistically prepaid $2.8 billion of additional debt for a total of $4 billion of debt repayment including the $1.2 billion of debt cost. Our credit card processes returned to us $800 million of credit card reserves, and we now expect an additional $800 million to be returned this current quarter representing substantially all of the remaining credit card reserves at year end.  We took actions in both 2022 and early in 2023 to increase the fixed rate percentage of our debt portfolio to over 80% up significantly from our 58% fixed levels at the end of 2021, which provided us protection from rising interest rates. Our overall average interest rate is just over 5.5%. All these actions will address our debt profile alongside our improved business performance. So $200 million of interest savings compared to our March guidance. On maturity powers have been well managed in 2026 with just 2.1 billion of debt maturities next year, 2.2 billion in 2025 and 3.2 billion in 2026. And looking forward, we will continue to evaluate refinancing opportunities and opportunistically pre-pay additional debt. During 2024 we will be replacing higher cost fixed rate debt with lower cost export credit financing as we take delivery of ships during 2024.  Our leveraged metrics will also continue to improve throughout 2024 as our EBITDA continues to grow.  Now turning toward 2024 full year, December guidance. We are forecasting a capacity increase of about 5.5% compared to 2023. We are expecting to deliver strong 2024 net yield improvement with our guidance forecasting an increase of approximately 8.5% for the full year 2024 compared to 2023. And that is on top of improved 2023 results where we delivered a 7.5% increase in net revenue per diems versus 2019. The strong improvement in 2024 net yields is a result of the increase in all the component parts, higher ticket prices, higher onboard spending and higher occupancy with all three components improving on both sides of the Atlantic. We are well positioned to drive 2024 ticket prices higher with significantly less inventory remaining to shell and the same time last year, despite a capacity increase of over 5%. Occupancy for the full year 2024 is on track to return to historical level.  Keep in mind 2019 with a high watermark for occupancy. The 2024 forecast to be well within our historical occupancy range as we balanced pricing values to optimize total revenue and achieved record yields.  Now turning to costs. Cruise costs without fuel, per available lower per day where ALBD is currently expected to be up approximately 4.5% for 2024 versus 2023. Broadly speaking there are four main drivers of costing. First, our forecast is for decelerating inflation. But nonetheless inflation with an average 3.5% increase across all our cost categories globally. Second, with occupancy returning to historical levels, the impact on costs should be 1.5 to 2 percentage points higher in 2024 as compared to 2023. Third in 2024, we are expecting at 586 dry-dock days, an increase of 14% versus 2023, which is expected to impact our overall year-over-year cost comparisons by about 0.75. And four countering these headwinds, we expect these cost increases will be somewhat mitigated by a couple of points. Given economies of scale build our capacity growth, which is enhanced by taking delivery of larger and more efficient ships along with various other cost optimization initiatives. Fuel consumption per berth day is expected to decrease another 4% and that is on top of the 15.5% production achieved from 2019 to 2023. The net impact of fuel prices and currency is expected to favorably impact 2024 by $90 million with lower fuel prices favorable but $94 million while the change in currency exchange rates slightly goes the other way. And finally, a few things to note about the outsized increases in the first quarter of 2024, a higher net yield guidance for first quarter of 2024, of 16.5% versus the full year 8.5% is driven by the larger improvements in first quarter occupancy. Let's not forget that we did not reach historical occupancy levels into the second half of 2023. So there was much more occupancy driven net yield opportunities in the first half. On the cost side, the higher cruise costs without fuel per available lower berth day guidance for the first quarter of 2024 and 9.5% is driven by four main factors. First, the largest improvement in occupancy will occur in the first quarter. However its drives greater yield increases in the first quarter, it also drives greater cost increases, which means a total of three to four points cost drag in the quarter. Second, while dry-dock cost impact of full year guidance, the seasonality of dry-dock costs in the first quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior year drives the cost increase of about1.5 points to this quarter. Third, the seasonality of advertising expense and a variety of other expenses between the quarters, this was in 2024, as compared to 2023 which will put a total cost increase of approximately three points into this quarter, advertising alone is one of the three points. And four, like the full year inflation mitigated by economies of scale, our capacity grows along with various other cost optimization initiatives, given a higher first quarter cruise costs without fuel per available per berth day, the implied guidance to the cost in the second to the fourth quarter is approximately 3%. In summary, putting all these factors together our net income guidance for the full year 2024 is approximately 1.2 billion with EBITDA forecasted at 5.6 billion, a significant improvement from 2023. For those of you who are modeling EPS, let's not forget that when you calculate diluted EPS, you need to add back to $94 million of interest expense related to the company's convertible notes or improved financial results and are successful refinancing and deleveraging efforts in 2023 along with our 2024 December guidance this is firmly placed on our paths to achieve our 2026 teaching seeking goals, moving us further down the road to rebuilding our financial fortress and delivering longer term shareholder value. And now, operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes. Hi, guys. Good morning, and happy holidays to all of you. So Josh or David, if we think about the yield guidance for the year, just based on the fact that your occupancy should return to somewhat normal levels and then pricing has momentum at this point, it seems to be pretty strong or healthy across the majority of your geographies. It seems like that plus 8.5% yield guidance might end up being somewhat conservative when we have this call a year from now. So, I guess the question is can you give us a little color about more than makeup of your yield forecast. So it seems like, you might be taking a somewhat conservative view around onboard trends and then potentially underestimating the opportunity around, taking close in pricing. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Hi, Steve. Happy holidays to you too. So, I hope you're right. I look forward to the call in a year. Look, we've given our good faith estimate on how we're seeing the world right now. We come in with a good amount of visibility because of how well booked we are and as you said we have seen accelerating momentum in the volume and the price, so we're very, very pleased with the trajectory that we've been seeing. Obviously this is also before Wave. We do have a little bit of a disadvantage of doing this in December versus end of January, into February. So, all I can tell you is we've baked in what we what we see and we always want to outperform and obviously that's a given. So I think best thing I can tell you is we'll talk in March with Wave under our belt up. Having said that, Wave hasn't ended since last year, so we'll continue to ride it as long as we can.
Steve Wieczynski: Let me ask that a different way than Josh. So if we think about what you guys are embedding in terms of onboard, is it fair to assume you are being pretty conservative with the way onboard should shake out in 2024? Basically meaning, you potentially could see a little bit of a slowdown in onboard or are you still, guys, kind of assuming that onboard remains as robust as it has been?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. We're coming off a great performance when it comes to onboard and we expect our onboard per diems to be increasing in 2024 versus 2023. Brands are doing a real good job of pulling forward more spend providing differentiated experiences, so we absolutely expect an increase in 2024 versus 2023.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. Then real quick, one more question, if I could, David, in terms of the cost, you give some pretty good color around the impact to the - everything's going into the first quarter and why it's so high. As we think about the rest of the year, the cadence of costs, I think you said we think about the third - the second quarter through the fourth quarter, those should all be around 3%. I try to make sure I heard that right. And if there is anything in 2Q through 4Q that we should be thinking about that might move one of those quarters one way or the other.
David Bernstein: Yes, no. So I was not trying to give individual guidance for each quarter. What I was trying to do is say that that three quarters collectively together would average 3%. We will see some, you know, year-over-year differences versus 2023. You know, a great example of that is that the dry dock days will be down in second quarter, but there'll be up in fourth. So there will be differences. There's also advertising seasonalization differences in other things. So I was not trying to say 3% every quarter - just 3% on average for the three.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. That is great. Thank you very much, guys. Happy holidays. Appreciate it and great quarter.
David Bernstein: Thank you very much. Take care, Steve. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please proceed.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks, everyone, and congratulations on the results this morning. So Josh you gave us an update on the Sea Change long-term targets and the drastic improvement toward that target and that you've made so far in 2023 and then 2024 expected. And I guess you know, fuel has been a nice tailwind. If you take fuel out and maybe you just focus on your yield growth target within 24 guidance. Is that in line with your internal expectations for that that three year ramp or how do you think about it?
Josh Weinstein: Yes, I think it's fair to say that, you know, when we talked about it in June, for the first time, and we laid out, you know, what will it take? We talked about the fact that - excuse me, getting back to - historical occupancy. We expect pretty much all of that in 2024 versus 20 - where we were in 2023. And that's you know, as far as we can tell, that's exactly how it's going to play out. And on top of that, we predict price that we estimate pricing to be up low to mid-single-digits every year 2024, 2025, 2026. And so you know, we feel like we are we entered the year a little bit ahead, given how we ended the second half of 2023 and well keep pushing forward.
Brandt Montour: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And then you said you were two-thirds books for 2024. That struck me as incredibly impressive. I mean, if you give us a sense of what that would have been in, in prior years, but also, the crux of the question is, did that base loading strategy, do you think that impacted your pricing meaningfully versus what it would have been if you had just kept the sort of historical booking curve? And then as you go into January and wave season, you ever been this book so it has that changed your strategy with pricing as you move through wave?
Josh Weinstein: So this is playing out as we would expect it to play out by pulling forward all the volume it gives us better, better control over our pricing environment and our ability to keep pricing at an elevated level? And so it's literally playing out as it should? It is we are you know, we are 10 points higher than we were you know, when we entered the Q1 of 2024, 10 points higher year-over-year. It's higher than 2019 as well - which is a very long normalized booking window. And it's important that we do that, right? I mean, let's keep in mind, you know, being 10 points above last year is good progress, but we expect to end our occupancy significantly higher than last year, but that's all feeding into the strategy and pricing is playing along as I tried to say in my notes, I'm not sure how clear it was. You know, when we entered the fourth quarter of this year, we were about 10 points higher than prior year in the occupancy position and prices were higher. As we made our way through the quarter, we've managed to pretty much keep that occupancy advantage and prices on everything that's booked is now considerably higher. So it is working the way we anticipated.
Brandt Montour: Crystal clear. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Excellent. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Hardiman with Citi. Please proceed.
James Hardiman: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So, I'm going to ask, I think, Steve's question in a slightly different way. There was a lot of conjecture that you would only give first quarter guidance similar to last year. Obviously, your peers are at a bit of an advantage because they get that first month of Wave as they try to assess what the demand environment looks like. Obviously, you gave us the full year guide anyway. As we interpret that guide then take us through that thought process and whether or not that plays into sort of your level of conservatism being effectively ahead of Wave?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Well, we are effectively back to normal. This is what we used to do before the last few years, and I think it was quite important that we get back into this cadence. Now, good news, we are highest book we've ever been. So we do have more visibility than even we had before 2020. So I think that's setting us up well to be able to be in a pretty good position to give you this preliminary guidance for 2024. Obviously, we have - I have high expectations in my brands and what I expect them to achieve, including during Wave. And you got to remember, the whole focus of Wave this year, we have the benefit of being able to focus on different things. Last year in Wave, a lot of what we were trying to accomplish and our brands we're trying to accomplish was just filling the ships because we are in such a different position from an occupancy perspective. This time, we actually get to go through Wave and really be more strategic in how we are trying to advance the needle, not just on the short term, but on the longer term. So I think it sets us up well. And I keep asking David to change the fiscal year-end and like can we please start on January 1, like everybody else. But apparently, that's a lot of work. So we're not going to do that.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then there was a comment in the prepared remarks about not only are you seeing better new-to-cruise numbers, but better new-to-brand numbers relative to 2019. Josh, you talked about having confidence in your brands, but that latter point seems like a big one, right? So much of the conversation just seems to be about the cruise industry, but maybe talk to what you think might be a carnival specific story as in terms of improving consideration among people that are already into cruise?
Josh Weinstein: I think our brands are doing phenomenally and really understanding who that target audience is and how to speak to them with their creative marketing and then on the performance side, just making sure that, that consideration and awareness gets converted into bookings. So we gave - I said in my prepared remarks, we've got several campaigns that are either started or about to start. We've got a few examples you can click through on the prepared materials of slides that have been put up. They're doing a great job of captivating the market. And I think getting cut through not just with new-to-brand and new-to-cruise on the value that we have. And fortunately for us as much as we've improved on the pricing front in 2023, it's still a big gap versus land. So all of those things are winded our backs and I expect more of that over time. 
James Hardiman: Got it. Thanks guys, and good luck doing with.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Jaime Katz: Good morning. Thank you. I'm hoping you can talk a little bit about changes to the sourcing strategy. I know it shifted back a little bit more to North American cruisers in the last couple of years. But given the strength in the European market or the fact that they might be closing the gap, should we expect that to move back to a normal mix?
Josh Weinstein: Well, yes - good morning, Jaime. So I think we should kind of take a step back and think about our portfolio and how we operate. We've got dedicated brands to European markets but P&O Cruises in the U.K. and AIDA in Germany, Costa, not just for Italy but really Italy, Spain, and France. And all of those are either the biggest in their market or the second biggest in the case of Costco across the Mediterranean. And we didn't deviate from our strategy when it comes to our dedicated market brands. And so they have continued to view those markets as the right thing to be in the long-term and we absolutely support that and we're starting to see the strength of that really come through as we've started talking about the last few quarters. With respect to our North American brands, Carnival has been and will continue to be America's Cruise Line and they're not going to cover off the ball. And there hasn't been not much dramatic change when it comes to sourcing for Holland, America and Princess other than the fact that for Princess they had so much sourcing that was really geared towards markets that have been slow to open in Asia, et cetera. So we've repositioned. We've done a bit of that but I think we're very well positioned to take the strength of the European consumer and the U.K. consumer and continue to ride that into 2024.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then there was a lot of positive commentary obviously on this call. So, I'm curious if there's anything left out there that concerns you that you would like to share with the audience. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: No. Great question. No. Thank you though.
Jaime Katz: Okay. You're welcome. Thanks. Happy holidays.
Josh Weinstein: You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Scholes with Truist. Please proceed.
Patrick Scholes: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Josh Weinstein: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick Scholes: Good morning. Josh, I am not going to ask you if you are planning on hedging bill this time. But I
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Thank you, Patrick.
Patrick Scholes: Sometimes you should listen to us, sometimes not but here we are, I want to hear from you. You know what plans of late - especially around Black Friday, Cyber Monday you've seen with new-to-cruise. Is that becoming a larger part of the booking mix? And if so, what would be the impact on your margins. I mentioned new-to-cruise typically call the 800 number of books direct which probably saves you travel agency commissions. If you just talks about those trends and the potential impact on revenues and costs. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you. So candidly, I don't have - been literally for the period that you're referencing the Cyber Monday and Black Friday. I don't have a breakdown of new-to-cruise versus new-to-brand versus brand loyalists. I do have the fourth quarter obviously which includes some of that where our new-to-cruise is obviously up significantly year-over-year 51%. And so you know that is - that is part of the strategy, right, taking oh, that was sale for me. I'm sorry, that was sale. But taking a greater share of folks who have never cruised before is part of the strategy to increase overall demand get them in our pipeline and allow us to raise pricing over time for frankly, everybody. With respect to what's the most cost efficient. Obviously, coming direct on the web is always going to be the most cost effective. I wouldn't make a categorization though that new-to-cruise comes in a particular way because it really depends on the characteristic of the new-to-cruise guest themselves what brand it is, what's the itinerary length, et cetera. Now clearly a lot of new-to-cruise will over index on the shorter cruises because they're trying it out for the first time and that lends itself to maybe also a younger crowd which is more comfortable just playing around on the net and doing things direct. But I mean, frankly speaking, historically, and I expect this to continue, our trade partners are absolutely critical in driving new-to-cruise to us. And we've relied on them for decades to do that. And we will rely on them for decades more and they have done a great job of really catching up to where we've been in the curve and year-over-year they're showing great strength as well.
Patrick Scholes: Okay, Thank you very much.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: Great, Thank you. I wanted to circle back to your yield guidance and just looking at the recovery and occupancy to normal - to previous levels being maybe 600 to 700 basis points kind of implies that your per diem guidance is maybe less than 2% growth. So I just - I don't know if I'm doing the math wrong there if there's anything to clarify. And then also, you've talked about the price on the books for next year being considerably higher, but your yield guidance for the year. It's just nicely higher, which I think the David Bernstein glossary is like a would be a deceleration - any help.
Josh Weinstein: So I'm laughing at the glossary keep going Robin
Robin Farley: If I - if I remember if I'm interpreting the glossary correctly, I think that implies sort of a deceleration in the price there. So just - is that just because the onward growth rate while up is lower, and so that brings like considerably a higher price to just nicely higher yield, or maybe my glossary definition is wrong, but maybe you could help us with that and with the math on the per diems to begin with. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Okay, thanks, Robin. Well, actually, you know, David said it in the prepared remarks. I thought he said it pretty well. So David, you want to repeat what you said?
David Bernstein: Yes. So, keep in mind that 2019 was the high watermark for occupancy, and we look back to like 2005, and the historical occupancy levels were in the range of 104% to 107%. So what we're saying is we will be solidly back to historical occupancy levels, but we weren't saying we're going to be back to the high watermark of 2019. So keep that in mind. The other thing about considerably higher versus the nicely higher. Keep in mind that you know, last March when we gave guidance, you know, we had thought that our expectation for per diem increases was about 3.5%, and we round up to 7.5%. So we saw some very strong pricing in the back half of the year, and as a result of that on a year-over-year comparison basis, you know, a book position may be considerably higher, but what we're looking to see is at least nicely higher pricing on a per diem basis built into our guidance. So when you put those two factors together hopefully you can understand how we built our guidance. 
Josh Weinstein: Yes. And the only thing I would add - let me just have one thing, Robin, which is our focus is on generating the most revenue possible when that ship leaves on its cruise. And that can be a combination of optimizing that price and occupancy relationship. So there's no magic to getting back to 2019, high watermark of 107% and we play in the fringes. We play in that 104% to 107% to make sure that when you combine that ending point along with the pricing, it's the happiest we can be.
Robin Farley: Understood that occupancy right that you don't manage to a certain occupancy once you're in that range, but just the that the price comment that you're - what you're seeing on the books being considerably up versus the nicely up does seem to imply like a bit. You'd be expecting a deceleration from current levels. And so I mean, maybe the answer is you're just being conservative, but I just if that if that's correct, and interpreting considerably moving to nicely as being a lower rate of growth. So that's I guess that's what I'm trying to clarify?
Josh Weinstein: One thing to stress, right, we just came up with a fourth quarter, which everybody's loss over real quick but it was up 10.5 in price. That's what we're going to lap you know when we get through 2024. If you think about our booked business, we have the most to go in the fourth quarter. Not surprisingly, it's the farthest out. So as we build towards that and we cycle through the first quarter in the second quarter, we're the most booked. We just have to fill and get over a larger hurdle, which we expect to do. But we have to take that whole thing into the equation when we're giving full year guidance.
Robin Farley: That makes perfect sense. Thank you. Thank you. And then just one last clarification. On your SEA Change, on the expense side you've talked about the three year being up low single-digit in like 2024, 2025, 2026 each year, this year of - or 2024 guidance up 4.5%, you know, probably above low single-digit kind of implies very, very low expense growth in 2025 and 2026. Is that how we should think about in other words, there's not a change in your - the three year average would be up low single-digit, even though it's a bit more in 2024 than I would suggest. And again, possibly you're just being conservative, but I don't know if you had a thought on how we should think about how much better that would be in 2020 would have to be in 2025 and 2026 to keep your SEA Change expense target? Thank you. 
David Bernstein: Sure. So, you know, when we were presenting a SEA Change program, I guess it was you know, in June, we were talking about the fact that low single-digits, but I did say we'd have some outsized impacts in 2024 due to occupancy, both on the yield and on the cost. So the 4.5% I also had indicated that occupancy would probably cost 0.5 to two points this year. So we are you know, in that low-single digits, equation that was built into the model. So I feel like we are very well positioned and as Josh indicated, we're ahead of where we expected to be on our way towards achieving those targets.
Josh Weinstein: I would say, Robin
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: I didn't think we get end to the call without you trying to get ahead of 2024 guidance and looking at 2025.
David Bernstein: Well, they almost didn't get the last five minutes of the call. I'm glad I got it in. So thank you.
Robin Farley: Thank you, Robin. No problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Dan Politzer: Hi, good morning, everyone. And thanks for taking my questions. It just actually wanted to touch on the fourth quarter a little bit more. The up-tick in revenues on pricing certainly was impressive. Can you maybe unpack that a little bit more? I mean, was that really just you know, the carnival centric line? Or was it Europe or North America more broadly? Or was this you know, alternatively, related to your strategy of more base loading and maybe benefiting from some of the compression we've seen?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. This was portfolio wide. So we're very pleased with where we were we headed into the fourth quarter. Dave, I don't know if you want to give any color?
David Bernstein: Yes. No, I mean, you're right. It was all brands and we saw strength in bookings. And our brands did a great job. Yield managing the revenue and taking price up. And so as a result of that, you saw the end result.
Dan Politzer: Got it and then, Grand Bahama, I know you've started to talk a little bit more about that. Are there any parameters you can give us there in terms of capacity per day amenities? The Capex or return profile you're looking at? And also I know you've started to see some booking activity that's going there. Are you receiving premiums on those bookings? I think you mentioned like hundreds of sailings in the release.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Yes. Well, let me start with that we have it's tiny in the grand scheme of things still. I mean, we're because you're talking about Carnival Cruise Line, which doesn't have a lot of short programs et cetera with it. They don't really start booking. So it's a tiny amount now. We'll give color as we get 2024 in that respect. So we'll come back to that. With respect to your other points, we've said this is this is a big investment. This is half a billion dollar type of investment. And we can do that obviously, in 2025. We only have one ship. And we have none in 2026. So we think this is the right way to optimize our resources and really benefit the Carnival brand and you've heard us say 18 ships from day one. So we are very, very excited about that. I don't want to get ahead. I really want to do a good job of disciplining myself to not get ahead of Christine Duffy, who really wants to and should talk about what this experience is going to be like and more to come in 2024. And I can't wait for you to listen to Christine and hear all about it.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then just if I could squeeze in, one quick housekeeping, Panorama that was I think out of service a little bit in the fourth quarter in the first quarter. Is there any way to just quantify the impact of that?
Josh Weinstein: In the grand scheme of things, it's probably a couple of pennies 
David Bernstein: between, like maybe one penny in the fourth quarter and a couple in the first.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much and happy holidays.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Frank. We have time for one last question.
Operator: We have a question from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed.
Assia Georgieva: Congratulations guys on a great Q4. So happy that we're back to looking at deals as opposed to per diems in the 10.5% was a great metric, but the 7.8% I like better. So I apologize. But again, I wanted just to finally get back to where we're looking at the more usual metrics. Given that we have a very healthy outlook in terms of yields in Q1, Q2 drydocks, I think I at least understand well. So we have a good view into EBITDA throughout the year. David, would you mind taking us through sort of the debt and interest expense burdens that you may be trying to modify including as part of the C-change program by fiscal year-end 2024.
David Bernstein: Sure. So to start with, you saw our interest expense guidance in the press release. It was close to $100 million less than 2023. And keep in mind that while we did pay down quite a bit of debt, the average balance for the year is for 2024 is probably like $2.5 billion less than 2023. So that will lower interest expense by $200 million, but also keep in mind that we have less cash on the books and with declining interest income rates that probably is offsetting the savings by about $100 million. So, that's why it's a net decline of about $100 million in interest expense on a year-over-year basis. Looking at the debt level, I actually said this in my notes, in 2024, we are looking at about - I think it's $2.1 billion of scheduled maturities. But we will be replacing that debt with the $2.3 billion of export credits that we take on. So - but in addition to that, we have built in some prepayments of debt into our guidance. And as I said, we are evaluating that. So we do expect to see debt to go down in 2024. However, we do expect to see strong deleveraging from a metrics perspective because our EBITDA grows substantially. So our debt to EBITDA will also improve.
Assia Georgieva: Makes perfect sense. And just as a quick follow-up before I ask my second question, if I may. Would we be looking at the refinancing as opposed to repayment?
David Bernstein: So we are looking at both. As far as we expect to continue to prepay debt and to continue the deleveraging. But on top of that, we also expect to look at some potential refinancing which really would drive the interest cost down. And so we'll see how - what opportunities are presented to us in 2024. And if it makes sense, we'll take advantage of them.
Assia Georgieva: That sounds great. And so, if I can ask my second question, and I don't think anyone has touched on this. Given geopolitical pressures, and we are comparing - used to be comparing 2023 to 2019 when we have St. Petersburg, which clearly the Eastern Baltics have been kind of off the books. Now we have an issue with the Middle East and cusp the scanner, I believe, is in the Persian Gulf, but will be one of the ships that will have to come back to Europe in going through a straight that is have been targeted by Yemeni military cells. Any thoughts on this or?
Josh Weinstein: Obviously, our first priority is going to be safety and we have - that's already on our radar screen and we've got Middle East mitigation plan should we need it, but keep in mind this is months away. And so we'll do the right thing. But there's always something. I hate to say it that way, but there is always something, and our brand
Assia Georgieva: I've been around long enough, 26 years. So there is always something Josh, I agree.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So, all right, I think with that we do have to end it, but I'd say Happy Holidays to everybody, and thank you very much. Have a good new year.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-09-29 10:00:00) =====
Josh Weinstein: Good morning. This is Josh Weinstein. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I'm joined today by our Chair, Micky Arison; our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and our Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Beth Roberts. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I'll refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Another quarter and another set of milestones and records. This quarter, we reached net income well in excess of $1 billion and EBITDA well over $2 billion. We also achieved revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income that all exceeded the high-end of our June guidance range with constant currency adjusted cruise costs in line with expectations. Furthermore, customer deposits and booking volumes, both important forward indicators, hit record levels for the third quarter. Thanks to the efforts of our amazing team, ship and shore, we exceeded the midpoint of our adjusted net income guidance by $175 million this quarter. The outperformance was driven by strength in demand for our brands, with both our North American and European segments equally outperforming expectations. The result was yields that were higher than anticipated that exceeded 2019's strong levels and that reached an all-time high. On the European front, occupancy came in better than anticipated for Costa and AIDA, with both brands hitting 119% occupancy in August. Not to be outdone, P&O Cruises achieved its highest occupancy in over a decade, despite a 40% capacity increase from 2019. And as for pricing, our third quarter per diems were 5 points higher than 2019, also hitting record levels and more than overcoming the absence of St. Petersburg, which was among our highest-yielding itineraries and weighted to the third quarter. Normalizing for this impact, we estimate per diem growth would have been up about 7 points, which is consistent with each of the first two quarters and our upwardly revised fourth quarter guidance, which David will elaborate on. Essentially, we've consistently been delivering pricing well in excess of 2019 levels, while closing the occupancy gap by 11 points over the course of the year. Continued strength in demand has allowed us to take up our expectations for full-year per diems by a full point. This is a meaningful accomplishment given how much of fiscal 2023 was already behind us. At the same time, we are working to stay within our narrowed cost guidance range while managing down interest expense as we accelerate our deleveraging plans. The higher revenue alone more than offset the recent spike in fuel prices, which is currently forecasted to step up by 20% heading into our fourth quarter. I would note that while we've experienced volatility in fuel prices before, there's only been one other period in the last 15 years that our fuel price has reached this level. In this case, changes in fuel prices and FX rates combined are a $130 million drag compared to June guidance and masked much of our significant underlying business improvement that is delivering an additional $200 million plus to the bottom line for the second half of the year. As a result, we still expect our 2023 adjusted EBITDA to be $4.1 billion or more, which is well within our prior guidance range, and we are raising our net income expectations for the year. As I've done in the past, to give you a sense of how we are faring operationally without noise from fuel price or currency rates and without the benefit of increased capacity, I'll share our EBITDA per ALBD progress holding fuel price and currency constant to 2019 levels. We reached 59% of 2019 levels in the first quarter, 73% in the second quarter, 90% in the third quarter, which was better than the 85% we expected, and we are striving to hit 2019 levels in the fourth quarter. Of course, in reality, we are not ignoring the impact fuel is having on our business. In fact, it's been a focus for years. We continue to work aggressively to manage fuel costs the best way possible by consuming less. Heading into 2023, we already had the most fuel-efficient fleet of our public peers by a wide margin, and we are looking to widen that gap. We are on track to achieve a step change reduction in fuel usage and resulting carbon intensity in 2023 with fuel consumption per ALBD nearly 16% lower than 2019, even better than the 15% we had anticipated. I know this is stating the obvious, but not only is this effort benefiting our bottom line by hundreds of millions of dollars, it's also better for the environment and something we'll keep pushing on for 2024 and beyond. Speaking of 2024, I'm still pleased with our revenue trajectory heading into next year. Our brands have been working aggressively to build a strong base of business as we position for further revenue yield improvement next year. We are now significantly ahead of same time last year by about 10 points and well ahead of where we were in 2019. In fact, we already have less inventory remaining for sale at the same time last year, despite 5% more capacity and sailing with occupancy at historical levels. Our booked position is as far out as we've ever seen it. With our European brands booking curve now essentially back to 2019 levels and our North American brands exceeding historical highs. And importantly, we've been able to achieve this 10-point occupancy advantage at higher ticket prices for the same time last year. By all accounts, it's a great start to 2024. While we see no signs of demand slowing for our brands, at some point, booking volumes for 2024 will recede as we simply run out of inventory to sell. Now we appreciate there are heightened concerns around the state of the consumer as of late. But the fact is we just haven't seen it in our bookings or our results, and we believe consumers are continuing to prioritize spending on experiences over material goods. And the vacation value we offer will continue to resonate with those seeking more for their vacation dollar. As you know, we have been leaning into that message given the unprecedented and unwarranted value to land-based vacation alternatives. Further, our revenue base is recurring, with over half our guests being repeat cruisers, is visible with well over 50% of the next 12 months booked at any given time and is predictable with 40% of our onboard revenues now pulled forward by pre-cruise sales, which is an 11-point increase over 2019. How is all this trending by region? Well, North America consistently remains strong with Carnival Cruise Line, our highest returning brand, continuing to outperform. Accordingly, and due to our portfolio optimization efforts, two-thirds of our capacity growth next year is weighted to Carnival Cruise Line. And while our European brands were on a delayed trajectory for reasons we've discussed at length, they are world-class brands in fantastic markets that we are dedicated to for the long-term. So it is incredibly gratifying to see them impressing so nicely and now keeping pace with the improving trends we've seen for our North America brand. In fact, in Q3, each of our Continental European brands, AIDA and Costa delivered higher yields than 2019, again overcoming the outsized [indiscernible] they felt from the absence of [indiscernible] of St. Petersburg. And finally, there's Australia. I am pleased to say that with the recent lifting of protocols in Australia, like the U.S., they too saw a spike in bookings in response to the great news. Our demand generation efforts are clearly working across all regions. As you can see in our results, our forward guidance, our book position and our booking trends. We are also seeing other positive forward indicators that suggest we are continuing to generate healthy demand. First-time cruisers reached 170% of prior year levels in the third quarter. In fact, we've taken well over 2.5 million guests on their very first crews so far this year. Web visits are running at 135% of 2019 levels. Paid search is at 150%, and natural search is at 185%. Suffice it to say, all are consistently running at multiples of our capacity growth. The effects of our myriad of commercial enhancement activities will compound over time. And our ongoing investments in advertising and lead generation should keep that funnel of demand building. We are also creating excitement around our new ships and new destinations. This quarter, we welcomed our second ultra-luxury expedition ship Seabourn Pursuit. Pursuit marries the same yacht-like small ship experience Seabourn guests have come to expect with an unparalleled range of expedition activities and expert 24 person expedition team and unique features like custom-built submarines. We are looking forward to showing her off later today at her inaugural stop in Miami. And we are about to embark on a drumbeat of news around our new destination in Grand Bahama Celebration Key expected in the second half of 2025. Just yesterday, Carnival Cruise Line announced the opening of hundreds of sailings to Celebration Key ultimately across 18 different ships departing from eight different home ports. You'll have to stay tuned for more details on this amazing destination and the fantastic experiences our guests can expect. But what I can say today is that not only will Celebration Key deliver Carnival's patented brands of fund, its strategic location close to so many of our home ports is also designed to advance our fuel and carbon reduction efforts. It's truly a win-win-win for the environment, for our guests and for our great hosts, the people of the Bahamas. Turning to the balance sheet. We have been actively managing down our debt and reducing interest expense. With improving performance, positive cash flow and $5.7 billion of liquidity, we anticipate ending the year with debt just under $31 billion, already over $4 billion off the peak and counting. I'll take the opportunity to remind those naysayers that, as we stated six months ago, this debt reduction happened without issuing incremental equity. That said, we recognize we still have a ways to go to reach investment-grade leverage metric in 2026. The strong demand we are seeing certainly builds confidence in our return to meaningful free cash flow generation and our reduced newbuild pipeline should amplify that opportunity. Once again, I attribute the outperformance this quarter to our greatest asset, our people. Our shipboard team members who are consistently exceeding our guests' expectations, our shoreside team that supports the ships, generate strong demand and attract new-to-cruise guests along with our travel agent partners, and of course, support from all of you, our investors, our loyal guests and our many other stakeholders. I think I can speak on behalf of all 160,000 team members when I say that it is a privilege to work at a company whose purpose and mission is to deliver unforgettable happiness to our guests by providing them with extraordinary cruise vacations while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit and life we touch. It motivates us to do our jobs well and responsibly and will help us keep our strong momentum as we head into 2024. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. Before I begin, please note all of my references to ticket prices, net per diems, net yields and adjusted cruise costs without fuel will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2023 third quarter results, then I'll give some color on our 2023 full-year September guidance. Next, I will provide a recap of our 2024 cumulative advanced book position, along with a few other things to consider for 2024. And then I will finish up describing our financial position. As Josh indicated, our third quarter adjusted net income exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $175 million as we outperformed our June guidance. The improvement was driven by three things. First, $90 million of favorability in revenue from higher ticket prices as net per diems were up almost 5%, nearly a point better than the midpoint of our June guidance range, while our brands outperformed on occupancy, achieving 109% for the quarter. In fact, third quarter revenues of $6.9 billion were a record and net yields were once again positive as compared to 2019. Second, we had $40 million of favorability in net interest expense. A successful refinancing gave us the runway to core $1.2 billion of our highest cost debt, and we prepaid an additional $1.1 billion of debt, which reduced interest expense during the quarter. Additionally, we had $900 million of customer deposit reserves returned to the company during the quarter, generating additional interest income and higher overall interest income rate than forecasted also contributed to this favorability. And third, $45 million of favorability in fuel consumption, depreciation and income taxes drove this final piece. Next, I will give some color on our 2023 full-year September guidance. For the full-year 2023, we now expect the midpoint of our adjusted net loss guidance to be $100 million, an improvement of $75 million versus the midpoint of June guidance, despite the unfavorable net impact of higher fuel prices and currency costing $130 million in the fourth quarter. So our full-year September guidance includes over $200 million of actual and forecasted improvements driven by two things. First, over $150 million of higher revenue for the full-year. On the pricing front, we now expect net per diems to be up approximately 7% for the full-year 2023 compared to a strong 2019, which is 1 point higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance range. The fourth quarter is expected to build on our third quarter improvement. For the fourth quarter, we now expect net per diems to be up 7% to 8%, resulting in a net yield forecast up over 5%. The improvement in net per diems versus our previous guidance is driven by passenger ticket revenue on both sides of the Atlantic. We do see a continuation of the strong onboard and other revenue trends we have been experiencing given the strength we are seeing in the consumer onboard our ships included in our previous guidance. The third quarter trends were very similar to the first half of 2023, and we are forecasting fourth quarter to be similar as well. And second, $80 million of favorability in net interest expense as the benefits of our deleveraging efforts will continue into the fourth quarter. Furthermore, we do expect adjusted cruise costs without fuel to be at the high-end of our previous guidance range, but somewhat mitigated by the favorability in fuel consumption, depreciation and income tax expense. Turning to our 2024 cumulative advanced book position. The cumulative advanced book position for the full-year 2024 is well above the high-end of the historical range at higher prices than 2023 levels. This aligns with the company's yield management strategy to base-load bookings, length in the booking curve and optimize net yields. And now a few things to consider for 2024. We are forecasting a capacity increase of 5% compared to 2023. We are expecting to deliver strong 2024 net yield improvement as compared to 2023 with occupancies forecasted to return to historical levels for the full-year 2024. We are well positioned to drive 2024 pricing higher with less inventory remaining to sell than the same time last year, despite a capacity increase of 5%. While the occupancy opportunity will drive favorable revenue trends, let's also remember to model its impact on cost. For example, a 5 to 6 percentage point increase in occupancy could drive adjusted cruise costs without fuel up 1 to 2 percentage points in 2024 as compared to 2023. In addition, in 2024, we are expecting 580 dry dock days, an increase of 18% versus 2023, which will also impact our year-over-year cost comparisons. We expect these cost increases and decelerating inflation, but nevertheless, inflation will be somewhat mitigated by economies of scale from our capacity growth and various cost optimization initiatives. I will finish up describing our financial position. We are accelerating our debt repayment efforts and aggressively managing down our interest expense. In just six months, we reduced our debt balance by over 10% or nearly $4 billion of the peak from the first quarter 2023. We are in a path to end the year with less than $31 billion of debt, which is over $2.5 billion less than I forecasted six months ago during our March conference call. Our third quarter successful refinancing was priced at the lowest interest rate given to any cruise company in almost two years. This refinancing, which stretched out maturities along with our optimism about our future and the return of customer deposit reserves gave us the confidence to accelerate our debt repayment. Our maturity towers have been well managed through 2025 with just $2 billion of debt maturities next year and only $2.2 billion in 2025. In addition, because of our actions, our debt portfolio is 80% fixed and our average interest rate is approximately 5.5%. And looking forward, I expect substantial increases in adjusted free cash flow in 2024 and beyond through durable revenue growth to drive down our debt balance on our path back to investment grade. Before I turn the call over to the operator, let me remind you to visit our website for our third quarter earnings press release and presentation. Now operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes. Hey, guys. Good morning. And congrats on the solid quarter and outlook as well. So look, Josh, I know you don't want to give 2024 guidance yet. And I'm not even sure you're going to give guidance in December, hold off until March like you did this year. But based on what you're seeing today, and David did give some color in his prepared remarks around the booking and pricing environment, which both seem very strong into next year. I mean, as we start to think about 2024 from a high-level perspective, is there anything you can kind of help us with in terms of maybe how you're thinking about those per diems? And look, it sounds like you have a pretty good handle on the pricing side of things at this point. But is the onboard side still present probably the biggest headwind or unknown at this point as you kind of think about the way next year might shape up?
Josh Weinstein: Good morning, Steve. Thanks for the very first call being about 2024 and guidance that we haven't given. Let me start with what you said about onboard. I think the encouraging thing about onboard is, if you look at what the consumer has been spending with us over the last three quarters and what we projected in the fourth quarter, it hasn't gone down. So comps might go up and down percentage-wise a bit here and there because of what the world looked like back in 2019 as a percentage quarter-over-quarter. But literally, they're spending the same amount today that they were three quarters ago. And we haven't seen that slowdown. So that's very encouraging, and that's part of what gives us confidence when we say we're feeling pretty good about our business in light of whatever is going on in the macro economy. With respect to our booked business, being 10 points ahead at higher pricing, does give us a good amount of maneuver ability to really deliver on the yields next year, which is what we expect to do. We're not giving guidance yet, so we're not going to get into the nuts and bolts, but I'm comfortable that we're on the right path.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Thanks for that. And I know you probably weren't going to give a very detailed answer there, but I thought I'd try anyway. So if you like that question for 2024, I'm going to try to ask another one and see if I can get something on the other side of the equation, and that's the cost side, which David, you mentioned  I think you said kind of a 1% to 2% increase in cost for a 5% to 6% increase in load factors. So we just kind of assume you get back into that 106%, 107% range next year, coupled with the pretty material increase in dry dock days, which you guys have communicated before. As we think about next year, I know you're probably not going to give a detailed answer here either. But should we be thinking about costs kind of up in that low, call it, a 2% to 3% kind of increase next year? Is that too high? Or is that too low? I guess that's what I'm trying to figure out.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. That's another good try. How about this. If we think about 2024, what are the tailwinds and what are the headwinds, right? So overall, as we look at 2024, we've got a good amount of momentum going, right? First of all, we're starting from that normalized or elongated booking curve, best book position in our history. The things that we have been doing to try to generate incremental demand and incremental pricing evidentiary says it's working with 7 points higher per diems pretty much consistently throughout this year as we close the occupancy gap. We expect to be back to full-year occupancy as you were pointing out. The power of our portfolio approach, I don't want to discount. We've been talking about this for many quarters. And what used to be a concern around Europe should now be some applause and congratulations for our European brands who are really coming on. To be able to say that our Continental European brands hit positive yields versus 2019 this summer is fantastic given where they were a year ago and despite all the concerns that have been raised about our European brands and our approach to being dedicated to particular markets that we feel very strongly about. We expect that will continue because, as you know, in the first half of next year, our European brands did have a lot of work to do to claw back and get to where they were. At the same time, we're doubling down on Carnival Fun Italian Style with the second Costa ship coming over to Carnival. The trade has been rebounding tremendously. Our first timers are really driving our growth, which is another testament to all the commercial work that our team is doing. So there's a lot of positivity on the table here. Now what's the minuses? Of course, we still don't have itineraries that were impacted by the Ukraine war. We don't expect that to come back in 2024. But I think we've proven we know how to move our assets around and put them where they are best positioned to serve as well. China is still a question mark. For the industry, we certainly hope that, that unfolds the way people are planning outside of Carnival Corporation. David mentioned inflation. It is decelerating. Absolutely, but it's still inflation that's decelerating. So we'll have to see how that plays out. We're obviously heads down with our brands planning through 2024 and figuring out exactly how we can mitigate cost increases, which we do all the time. And we're actually in the planning phases right now for 2024 where we're going through in detail all of the activities that are going to be beneficial for us. The occupancy will be a cost, the dry dock days will be a cost, and David tried to quantify those for you. And we'll have to see what happens with the macro environment and how we play. So there's a lot in both directions. I feel very good about the positives.
David Bernstein: Yes, and the only thing I'll add to what Josh said, and he went through some of the puts and takes on costs. On the dry dock days, that's probably going to add three quarters of a point to maybe 1 point to our overall cost structure. And on the capacity increase, remember, pre-pause, we used to say that the new ships were 15% to 25% more efficient on the operating costs, excluding fuel than the existing fleet. But remember, we did have it. And so if you do the math, that probably would get you about a 1% reduction from economies of scale on the old basis. But remember, our existing fleet has been optimized. And as a result of that, it's probably less than 1% on the operating cost or the ship operating cost for the capacity increase. So put all those puts and takes together, we're not prepared. We're not giving guidance at this point. And in fact, I will say that we're going to be spending the next month with all of our brands going through their plans, better understanding everything. And hopefully, by  at some point during the fourth quarter, we'll have a better idea as to the overall direction of the cost structure for 2024.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, guys. Thank you very much. I won't ask another question on 2024, and I'll stop there. Thank you very much.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Scholes with Truist. Please proceed.
Patrick Scholes: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Hi, Patrick.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Great. Good morning. Let's talk a little bit about fuel. I know in the  I believe in the past, fuel costs have spiked you, I believe you may have instituted a fuel surcharge to your customers. I believe one of your competitors is actively considering doing a fuel surcharge this time around. Is that something you might consider as well? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. It's certainly not off the table. We wouldn't take anything off of the table. It's not something we're planning to implement in the near-term, although that could certainly change. There are certainly considerations that have to be made about what's the norm in society with the expectations of our customer. Obviously, you don't go retroactively too. So you're talking about forward bookings. But I wouldn't take anything off the table. I would reiterate, though, even a fuel surcharge is temporary. And really, the one thing that we can do, no matter what compiler high water is used less and that's where our focus is. And we estimate it saved us about $375 million on the bottom line this year versus what our profile looks like in 2019 because of all those efforts.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. And then one more question, Josh. Certainly a similar regarding fuel. And this is sort of a high-level question here. Why is it you folks don't hedge? One of the pushbacks I get from long-only investor is they don't like the day-to-day volatility in the stock when oil gets volatile and also the volatility in earnings. There's certainly a possibility that I understand that hedging does have a real dollar cost to it. But if it brings in a long-only investor base, it may actually be worth it long-term for the stock. Just talk to me about why you folks sort of hold out on not hedging when competitors do it? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Well, I'd start by saying the same thing as a surcharge, which is we don't take anything off the table, including hedging. We only get the question when fuel prices spike though. We never get the question when it's not  when it's going the other way. So I do think that there's a little bit of a  it's not a question of hedging. Are you putting wagers on that are either going to benefit you or not depending on the environment? I buy the volatility part. I mean we've done empirical studies like everybody else. The last time we did one, it only added about 1% to the share price because even though it might take away day-to-day volatility when you look at the long-term value of the firm, ultimately, it doesn't make a dent in the grand scheme of the cash flow generation discounted back, et cetera. So it is, a, consideration, the volatility as is the cost of any kind of hedging program. So we'll continue to look at it. But thus far, when we've laid out all the pros and the cons, we haven't been there. But I wouldn't say that, that has become our answer forever. That's just where we are now.
Patrick Scholes: Understood. And I can clearly get when fuel prices go down, nobody ask questions like these. So thank you. I'm all set.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please proceed.
Brandt Montour: Hey everybody. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So first, I wanted to talk a little bit about the bookings commentary, Josh. You sounded very bullish on what you guys have gotten done so far for 2024. And I'm just  you used the term base loading, you gave us some great data points on where you sit now versus 2019 and the volume trajectory, et cetera. And I guess the question is just sort of qualitatively, do you think that you had to give up some price to do that? Do you feel good about what you had to give up on price to do that? Or just maybe open the hood a little bit and talk qualitatively about the revenue management strategy and success there?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So this is absolutely part of the plan by pulling  we were able to pull forward 10 points and at higher prices. Now if you think about what does that mean for  are we sacrificing price? When you look at the pricing that was in place by the time we got to this booked position last year, our pricing is very nicely higher. And so the point is you manage the bookings by pulling the volume forward, you avoid the discounting at the end. And that's how it's been playing out. And so we're very encouraged.
Brandt Montour: Okay. That's great. And then one more pricing question, but just more of a regional breakout. You mentioned that European per diems were now positive this summer. And I guess the question is the way I would ask it is, does that mean that sort of 40%  o r whatever your capacity in the continental brands, which is something like that, 40% of your capacity should see  or should be on its way to closing the gap versus what you think  what North America is currently doing index to 2019? That to me would be a material tailwind. Is that the way you see it?
Josh Weinstein: Well, I'll look for David to give the exact percentage of our European brands. But ultimately, yes, we're quite encouraged that they're going to be making up big chunks of revenue yield performance because they didn't have that ability to do so in the first half of this year. But the fact that we're here in the summer and the yields are positive, I think, is a good testament to their trajectory. David is looking for the capacity number for you. So...
Beth Roberts: Specifically to the Continental European brand, which is
Josh Weinstein: Continental European brands, yes, hang on.
David Bernstein: All of our European brands, including the U.K., is 38% of our capacity this year. But the Continental European brands is less than that. I'll calculate that in a second. Go ahead.
Josh Weinstein: Probably closer to 25%.
Brandt Montour: Okay. But the per diem recovery comment was about Continental or all of Europe?
Josh Weinstein: Well, the per diems were  well, the yield comments were specifically about this summer and Costa and AIDA. I would say I can fill in the blank. The other big player in our European segment is obviously P&O Cruises. They had a 40% capacity increase this year. And so I can't say that their yields were higher. But I can tell you that their occupancy is back, and they are well on their way, and that's absolutely as expected.
David Bernstein: Yes. And Continental European brands are 26% in 2023.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks all.
Josh Weinstein: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Two questions. One is just going back to the comments about 2024 yield. And I think the comment was strong yield improvement. And I know there's a glossary of David Bernstein adjectives for slightly and strong and things in previous years. So I don't know if you could just remind us what strong is implied? And I mean, just the math of your occupancy recovering if you get back to your full occupancy being 6 to 7 points and then price on top of that, I mean, it seems like it has to be at least a high single-digit yield increase year-over-year. I don't want to put numbers in your mouth, but maybe you could help us think about David glossary there?
Josh Weinstein: I don't have David glossary. I just told you strong. So I'm going to stick to that. But I would say a combination of getting back for full-year to historical occupancy levels as well as price increases will go in  both things will go into what we will be looking for as far as yield improvement versus 2023.
Robin Farley: Okay. All right. And then also, I wonder if you could  I know you just sort of half launched part of the sort of Celebration Key. Can you talk about  since it sounds like you're not giving out what the cost and amenities will be at sort of the time frame for when we might hear about the cost and amenities. I think investors sort of well understand how some other private islands have been real drivers of onboard spend and ticket price. And so it would be great to sort of get more of those details for your new island? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So if this will be ongoing, I would expect, give or take in another month, we'll start coming out with even more. I'm happy to tell you, though, when it comes to how we'll be able to monetize the private island in addition to the premium that we'll be getting on the ticket side for such an amazing experience. The standards for any type of private destination, F&B, Cabana rentals, other experiences. And so more will come, but that's all in the plan.
Robin Farley: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Josh Weinstein: Hello, David, you there?
David Katz: Oh, apologies. Left on mute. Thanks for taking my question. Josh, what I wanted to just talk about for a minute is not so much this quarter, next quarter, but I'd love an update and  some updated perspectives around things that you are focused on to just improve the operating execution in a broader sense. Are there potentially low-hanging fruit or things that you can change, some of which you talked about at the analyst meeting a while back? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. I'll give you an overall, which is I don't think that there's anything revolutionary here. It is simply continuing to do our jobs better brand by brand. And we've highlighted, for example, Carnival Cruise Line and just the amazing results that they've had quarter-over-quarter. Other brands are catching up. And they're doing that because they are focused on their revenue management techniques. They're focused on delivering the experience onboard. They're focused on their performance marketing and generating more leads to generate more bookings, positioning themselves appropriately in the market. So all of those things are incrementally helping piece by piece. And that's the kind of effort that we need from our brands and their teams to be focused on all aspects of that commercial business. And so we'll continue to focus on that so that they continue to focus on it as well. And so on the revenue side, I feel like we're making good momentum. On the cost side, there will always be opportunity for us to do better. David mentioned that we'll only maybe get a little bit of scale benefit from the newbuilds, and that's certainly true that are coming in. But there's always opportunity to look for efficiency and leverage scale on the existing fleet, right, in how we do our purchasing, how we benchmark against each other to find ways to do things more efficiently on the ships, source more efficiently. Scale will increase because frankly speaking, we're going to be carrying a lot more guests next year than we did this year and than we did in 2019, and that gives us more opportunity to leverage scale. So I'm pretty encouraged that up and down the P&L, there will be opportunities.
David Katz: Got it. And if I can just follow-up on one specific area. You talked about performance marketing, I believe, at the analyst meeting a bit also. And where is that and what opportunities still lie ahead to drive revenue and profit there?
Josh Weinstein: I think we're  I think it's fair to say that as technology advances and our teams are better able to utilize that, there's more and more opportunity to be very surgical about the guests that we're looking for and how to get them and their eyes looking at us and looking at our websites, pointing them to travel agents, whatever that might be. So I'd say that, that's pretty early days. And even though we've made some pretty marked improvement when it comes to some of the stats that we've shown you as some indicators, and we really don't talk about things like conversion rate or things like that. We're very encouraged by the progress, and there's certainly a lot more room to run.
David Katz: Noted. Thanks very much.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for all the detail thus far. First question, onboard spend. It looks like it declined a little bit in terms of the pacing relative to 2019. Is that a function of mix in terms of more European? Or is that more inside cabins? If you can just talk about the real-time trends there? And along with that, are there elements on your booking and in terms of pre-bookings that you can maybe accelerate that going forward?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So on the onboard spend, I was  I think I tried to say this, maybe I didn't say it the right way. But generally speaking, the onboard spend levels haven't slowed down. When you think about the state of the consumer and you think about where were they in the fourth quarter of last year, first quarter of this year, second, third quarter, they're spending the same. So we haven't seen a slowdown in the profile of the consumer. As far as  so even though we had a lot more thirds and fourths, for example, over the summer, the spending per person per day didn't slow down. As far as how that compares to 2019, there's  I will tell you, there's a lot in 2019 that's different from today, right, from the way we do our bundling, from the sentiments of the consumer from where we take them. We didn't have St. Petersburg, for example, in the third quarter of this year. That is, by far, got to be one of the top, if not the top onboard spending itineraries because of all the shore excursions that get generated or got generated. We didn't have that, and yet we still performed at that high level. So it's a little hard with a 4-year gap to be that specific about trends. I'd be more focused on the trend that our consumer is not slowing down.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. That's helpful. And then just for my follow-up. In terms of the EU emissions, there's a new tax coming on in terms of metric tons that are emitted. Can you may  is there any way to quantify that as we think about it for 2024 or 2025, 2026, just given that, I think, it's a progressive tax?
David Bernstein: Yes. So for 2024, at today's current prices and given our itineraries and everything in our fuel consumption expectations, we're talking approximately $75 million for the full-year 2024, which does represent 40% of what the total will be at some point in the future as the percentages go up in 2025 and 2026. But keep in mind that the tax is based off of fuel consumption and so depending on what our itineraries are in 2026, all of the fuel conservation and consumption improvements we have over time, we're looking to hopefully mitigate those numbers as we move forward.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And which  is that going to flow through in terms of the P&L, the fuel line? Or is it going to be grossed up just  and that's it for me. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Yes, that will be as part of our fuel expense line in the P&L.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Jaime Katz: Hey, good morning. I'm hoping we can stay on Europe. Under separate cover this morning, I think there was a press release on Costa and the new campaign that you guys are doing there, and there were some commentary around consumer behavior and the economic environment. And I'm wondering if you would just share any of the key takeaways maybe that you have extracted around the European consumer for us?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So Costa is one of those brands that's really on the rebound, and we're really proud of Mario Zanetti, the President, and his whole team have been accomplishing and will continue to. Their research based on their market and the segment that they're trying to hit in their market was all about experiences and leaning into particular messaging in particular ways to convey it because the product for Costa is already fantastic. So it's always a matter of how do we then convey that messaging the right way to the right people so they're going to understand want to pay to get onboard and then spend that money onboard. So there's actually a lot of work that the Costa team and some external help put in to make sure that we're marrying those things up together. And this will be the output. So I'm very excited about that trajectory.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And I think earlier, you had mentioned that there were a number of new consumers coming into the brand. And I'd be curious if you guys can break out maybe the demographics? Are there significantly more younger consumers? Does that provide a better lifetime value for the business? How should we think about that? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: So I don't have that data certainly at the ready. If we can kind of give you some more color, we'll Beth try to do that for you and she can circle back up with you. But this  from my perspective, the efforts about, in part, the advertising, in part just being up and sailing again. So you get your repeaters getting off the ship and telling their friends and family how amazing it is simply attracts newcomers. And so what's quite encouraging is the fact that our loyalists have been consistent over the last four quarters, and all of that growth that we've been seeing has been coming from first to cruise or first to brand means that those activities are really starting to pay off. And we think that there's  if you think about the cruise industry in the context of the vacation industry, we're casting in that in a really big ocean. So that bodes very well for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning guys. Congratulations on a great quarter and a really nice outlook both for Q4 and the upcoming year. I had a couple of questions, Josh. Ticket has become a more reliable gauge now that we have gone into full recovery mode, the entire fleet is sailing. Onboard, while strong, should be less of a consideration? Or should we also think of the elongated booking curve offering these 40% of pre-cruise bookings and wallets being replenished, again, is something that would provide even greater stability?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. I think  so first of all, thank you for the comments. The  certainly, the onboard component of our increases over the past several quarters has been outpaced by the improvement that we're seeing in the ticket. And so I think to your point, whereas the onboard component was a larger piece of our outperformance overall on net per diems, really, what we've been able to see is the ticket price is really coming on, which is encouraging. The fact though that, again, in ultimate terms, the onboard spending has remained constant in absolute levels gives us a lot of confidence that we're doing the right things, and we're providing the right options for our guests to spend on experiences. And so I think it's actually a very good mix. And the ability for us to pull forward more onboard spending, as you mentioned, the 40% of our onboard spend pulled forward. While that's a huge increase of 11 points, it was below 30 points back in 2019. That means there's still an awful lot of room to continue to do that. And so I think those components set us up very nicely.
Assia Georgieva: Great. And maybe the two very quick questions, probably more for David. Should we expect about $4 billion to $5 billion a year of debt repayments to get to investment grade by year-end 2026?
David Bernstein: So we haven't given detail by year. But what we have talked about is by 2026, combination of the improving EBITDA and the debt reduction program, you're going to see investment-grade type metrics in 2026. Remember that in 2024, we do have three ships for delivery. And so that probably will be less debt reduction in 2024 than in 2025 and 2026, where is in 2025, we only have one ship. And in 2026, we don't have any ships on order. So just keep that in mind as you build through the math throughout the years.
Assia Georgieva: It seems that debt reduction would accelerate over the years.
David Bernstein: Correct.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And David, just one other quick question, if I may. NCC, net cruise cost, ex fuel are somewhat elevated levels relative to history. And I think having the  restart having somewhat lower occupancies that you're building on, especially at some of the European brands during the winter months. So that makes sense. But excluding the dry docks, which are coming up in 2024, do you expect that cadence of percentage increase in net cruise cost ex fuel to decelerate?
David Bernstein: So let's keep in mind the 2023 numbers are being compared to 2019. So that is four years, not one. And so when we get to 2024, we're going to go back to the year-over-year comparisons, it's just one year. And so the expectation would be it's only one year of inflation as opposed to four years of inflation. So keep that in mind as you go through and think about 2024.
Assia Georgieva: That makes sense.
Josh Weinstein: I think it's fair to say yes  the answer is yes. We don't expect anything year-over-year like we've had this year in the 11%, absolutely.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. Thank you so much. I really appreciate the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks. So Josh, maybe could you elaborate on recent underlying demand trends in North America versus Europe? More so the continued momentum that you're seeing through September that you cited, I guess, what are you seeing if you break it down between loyalists relative to new to cruise and just initiatives in place to retain these new customers that you're seeing?
Josh Weinstein: So I can't  I don't have any data about what the breakdown is for the bookings of September based on first timers or loyalists. But what I can tell you is that  I just  I think it's probably important to put into context. We've talked about wave, right? And we talked about how wave was the longest wave in history. And I'm not sure when we're ever going to call it, right, because we broke the record in Q1. We then broke that record in Q2, which never happens. We just hit a record in Q3. And when you look at the first four weeks of September, actually, we're up very nicely as well. And it's also being driven by the European brands. North American is positive. But the European brands are really coming on as we expected our portfolio to do. And so it hasn't slowed down in September. We attribute that to all the good work that our brands have been doing that we've been talking about and the inherent pent-up demand that we can still tap. And the encouraging thing is because of that trajectory with new to brand and indeed new to cruise, it means we're effectively back to normal from that perspective, and we can really focus on optimizing the revenue and the yields. So it hasn't stopped.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then, David, just to circle back on the puts and takes around cost that seems to be heightened sensitivity. So 1% to 2% core cost growth, if I heard it right, plus dry docks, I think you said 0.75 to 1 point. But then the offset or partial offset is economies of scale and the reorganization efficiencies, I think you said maybe around 1 point of opportunity. So if you net these items, my math, it's about 2% total cost increase. Any items that I'm missing here, just to maybe clarify some of the puts and takes there?
David Bernstein: Inflation year-over-year. Just whatever inflation turns out to be for 2024 versus 2023.
Matthew Boss: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please proceed.
Conor Cunningham: Hi everyone. Just a quick one on the consumer. And the  I'm just curious if there's really been any change in bookings. I realize that you've talked about demand being quite strong and so on. But there's obviously a heightened concern around the consumer in general. Are you seeing any trade down effect or change in length or maybe even like prebooking for onboard spend? I'm just trying to understand if there's been any changes at all realizing the customers deposits are at records, but just curious there? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. No. We're trying to say it as plainly as we can. We just have not seen any sign of slowdown. The only slowdown we see is as we're running out of inventory, it has to slow down. That's it. So we feel quite good.
David Bernstein: For 2024 that is, but we have lots of cruises open for 2025 and 2026, and so there's lots of people are booking way ahead.
Josh Weinstein: I think we've got time for one more, operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Stathoulopoulos with Susquehanna. Please proceed.
Christopher Stathoulopoulos: Good morning everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Josh, on the Costa Cruise and the new advertising strategy or campaign announced today, how do you see that evolving over time? And should we expect this enhanced messaging or advertising to extend to other brands as we work through SEA Change? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. No. So first, the answer is no. This is very much bespoke for Costa, and they're Southern European guest base and who they're trying to reach. So certainly not. And as far as how this falls out, I mean, this is going to work its way into Costa's general themes. It already does, as I said, marry what they already do onboard. So this is just trying to make sure that it's communicated the right way and more to come. So
Christopher Stathoulopoulos: Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. With that, I'd say thanks, everybody, and looking forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-06-26 10:00:00) =====
Josh Weinstein: Good morning. This is Josh Weinstein. Welcome to our Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I'm joined today by our Chair, Micky Arison; our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and our Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Beth Roberts. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, Ill refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. There are many milestones we've hit over the last two years, and this past quarter is no exception. In fact, there was much to celebrate in the second quarter. We reached a meaningful inflection point for revenue with net yield surpassing 2019 strong levels. And on top of that, operating income, cash from operations, and adjusted free cash flow were all positive. Adding to those achievements, we just hit all-time highs for bookings and customer deposits. And remarkably, we are still experiencing a phenomenal wave season, which started early, gained strength, and is still going strong midway through the year. This strength in demand delivered outperformance in the second quarter for revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and the bottom line, a credit to the dedicated efforts of our 160,000 amazing team members ship and shore. Net yields in constant currency turned positive in the second quarter, compared to 2019 as we drove cruise ticket prices above 2019, while maintaining record onboard revenue growth and continuing to close the gap on occupancy. In fact net per diems in constant currency were up 7.5% over 2019 in the second quarter. This was 4.5 points better than the midpoint of guidance, which we were able to achieve while meeting our forecasted occupancy. Based on continued strength in pricing, we have also raised our expectation for net per diems in the second half by over 2.5 points while again maintaining our occupancy expectations, which is supporting our guidance of higher net yields in the second half of 2023 over 2019 in constant currency. This revenue growth will be significantly higher than the increase in our cost guidance which David will elaborate on. All told, we are bringing another $275 million to the bottom line for the year, thanks to the strength in revenue, as well as the interest expense benefit we are capturing from deleveraging. On a per ALBD basis and holding fuel price and currency constant to 2019 levels, we progressed from 59% of 2019 EBITDA in the first quarter to 73% back in our second quarter. We expect to hit about 85% for the third quarter and be all the way back for the fourth quarter. We are now expecting adjusted EBITDA of $4.10 billion to $4.25 billion above the high-end of our prior guidance range. As I mentioned, booking volumes reached an all-time high in our second quarter, exceeding the record levels we achieved in the first quarter, which would normally be our peak period. Booking volumes were 17% higher than 2019, which is multiple of our capacity growth. We experienced double-digit growth in booking volumes on both sides of the Atlantic. Demand for our European brands has continued to strengthen and is now outpacing 2019 booking volumes at a rate that's comparable to our North America brands. And the strength in demand has carried into June. In North America, the booking curve is as far out as we have ever seen it while our European brands are quickly catching up to 2019 levels. With over 90% of this year on the books, 2023 is now essentially behind us and we are strategically building a strong base of revenue for 2024. In fact, our booked position for 2024 also stands at record levels. Reflecting this performance, our customer deposits are also at an all-time high of $7.2 billion significantly higher than our prior peak of $6 billion. Customer deposits grew 26% over the prior quarter and are multiples of our measured capacity growth as we strategically push out our booking lead times and pull forward more onboard spend through bundled packages and pre-cruise sales. Onboard revenues were once again off the charts this quarter as the strategy delivers an added benefit of elevating spending once onboard, enabling us to capture more of our guests' vacation wallet. Our brands are laser focused on our strategy to pull forward both ticket and onboard spend, which only enhances the visibility and predictability of our recurring revenue base. We have over 50% of the next 12-month booked at any given time and over one-third of onboard revenues now on the books in advance of sailing. Our demand generation efforts are in full swing. Our cumulative number of new to cruise and new to brand guests who sailed with us in the second quarter have already exceeded 2019s levels. Our natural search performance is up across the board with an 87% increase over 2019, which is up from a 63% increase last quarter, affirming the success of our new marketing campaigns in driving awareness and consideration. Our lead generation efforts are also working with a 60% increase in Paid Search Clicks over 2019, which is nearly double the 35% increase just last quarter. To accommodate this success and our increased demand profile, we've grown our sales and sales support staff by over 50% in recent months. At the same time, we can see the impact it is also having with the trade. As I've said before, in order for us to be successful, we need all of our sales channels to excel and that certainly includes our travel agent partners who are critical in helping us widen the pipeline for new to cruise guests. And I've got great news on that front. The trade is continuing to rebound significantly with sales volumes up 45% year-over-year as we increase training, engagement, and support activities. And of course, our advertising investments benefit not only us, but our trade partners as well. By any measure, our decision to increase our investment in advertising is paying off. The sequential improvement in these important KPIs suggest the strength we are seeing in demand will continue. All of this has built confidence not just in our 2023 outlook, but in our ability to launch SEA Change. Three year target that will demonstrate our progress towards delivering strong profitability and rebuilding our financial fortress. The acronym SEA stands for sustainability through carbon intensity reduction, EBITDA per ALBD, and adjusted ROIC. Three very important key performance indicators. And for each of these items, we expect to see significant improvements from current levels and well above 2019. In fact, the two financial measures will be the best we've seen in almost two decades and the carbon intensity rates will be unprecedented. For the S, or sustainability, we plan to reduce our carbon intensity by more than 20%, compared to 2019. Essentially, we plan to deliver on our 2030 decarbonization goal four years early, reducing our carbon intensity has been and continues to be a priority for our company. It is critical to improving our environmental impact and to improving our financial performance. We are widening the gap to peers on what is already the most [fuel efficient fleet] [ph] out there. For the E, we are targeting a 50% increase in adjusted EBITDA per ALBD, compared to our 2023 guidance. This would also represent a 25% increase over 2019 levels, holding fuel price and currency constant. EBITDA for ALBD best measures the increasing unit profitability of our business as we execute on our strategy to deliver revenue yield improvement on lower capacity growth. And finally, for the A, we expect adjusted ROIC to reach 12% on more than doubling from 2023 levels. We already have the lowest investment base in our industry and our strategy is designed to deliver outsized returns through high quality yield driven revenue growth, while maintaining our industry leading cost structure. These targets are all grounded on low capacity growth of under 2.5% compounded annually, which will allow us to use our cash flow generation to pay down debt and rebuild the balance sheet as we work towards investment grade leverage metrics. Essentially, weve pulled forward our most important sustainability goal and expect a step change in both profitability and return on invested capital in just three years. And importantly, these targets are not our angle, they are measurable markers of continuous improvement. To make this happen, we have a sense of urgency, to further our brand efforts, to drive net yield improvement, and while it's working, we recognize these efforts do build over time. As mentioned on previous calls, to help support this growth and drive overall revenue generation over time, I've actively been working with each brand on their strategies and roadmaps to ensure they will truly own their space in the vacation market.  This means having clearly identified target markets, capacity that is appropriately sized to the market potential, demand generation, and marketing capability to hone in on the target market at the lowest possible acquisition cost, revenue management execution to generate optimized pricing across the booking curve, and amazing onboard guest experience delivery to drive Net Promoter Scores and resulting advocacy higher. This will allow us to continue building on our large base of loyal guests as we work to increase awareness and consideration among new to cruise guests. To make it happen, we also need to ensure we set our brands up for success [organizationally] [ph]. Accordingly, during the quarter, I completed the restructuring of our global executive leadership and company structure. By removing a layer of management between the corporate and brand levels, I now have the leads all six of our major brands, representing over 90% of our capacity reporting to me. This is up from one brand, and less than one-third of our capacity previously. This will facilitate more direct engagement between me and our brand [leads] [ph]. To provide me with more bandwidth to do this, I also consolidated several corporate functions under fewer leaders streamlining our organization. While this leaves me with the same number of direct reports overall, these changes make for a more nimble, and accountable organizational structure, better able to respond to market opportunities. And we are also positioned to work smarter. Excluding sales and sales support, our shoreside staff count is down 18% from 2019. And the team is executing across the board at a high level. I recognize that we need to make sure we are doing our part to make Carnival Corporation an amazing place to work and grow each team member's career. And so we are driving initiatives across the board ship and shore to meet our long-term goal of being travel and leisure's employer of choice, and it is really showing. The improvement we've seen in our internal metrics on employee satisfaction and culture improvement have been phenomenal. Turning from our most important assets, our best-in-class people to our hardware. We are actively managing our diverse portfolio of world-class brands, which are number 1 or number 2 in each of the largest markets for cruise travel. Following our portfolio and fleet optimization efforts, our capacity growth has been concentrated in our highest returning brands, Carnival Cruise Line, AIDA, and P&O Cruises UK. These efforts have also been driven by a purposeful reduction in our overall capacity growth, which combined with our strong and accelerating demand outlook, supports further yield improvement. And we still retained the excitement from 14 newly delivered ships representing nearly 25% of our capacity. Just this month, we completed the transfer of Costas Venezia to our highly successful Carnival Cruise Line brand launching fun Italian style with a spectacular naming ceremony featuring our very first ship godfather, comedic icon Jay Leno. I couldn't think of a better personification of Carnival Cruise Line than Jay Leno. With his unpretentious and gregarious personality, which aligns perfectly with the brand's target segment. He fits seamlessly with Carnival Cruise Lines brand ambassadors who help amplify Carnival's messaging and appeal, such as its Chief Culinary Officer, Emeril Lagasse, Chief Fun Officer, Shaquille O'Neal; and the Mayor of Flavortown himself, Guy Fieri. So far, fun Italian style has generated 1.5 billion earned media impressions. The instant success of Carnival's fun Italian style supports the entry of Firenze, the second Costa ship transferring over to Carnival Cruise Lines next year. These transfers are part of our portfolio management strategy, which is contributing to Carnival Cruise Lines capacity, growing 22% more than pre-pause expectations. And Costas capacity being reduced by 36%, compared to pre-pause expectations. The added capacity to Carnival Cruise Line will not only generate outsized returns for the company, but rightsizing the Costa brand is also having these desired effects of supporting its revenue profile confirmed by recent booking and pricing trends. We remain committed to our strategy of owning a portfolio of world-class brands, many of which are truly dedicated to specific markets and it's clear the strength of this portfolio is now shifting into high gear. In fact, with respect to our European brands, bookings taken in the second quarter for the European deployment for each of the third and fourth quarters achieved double-digit percentage increases in both volume and price compared to 2019. This is also supported by our home porting strategy that puts nearly 75% of our capacity where our brands' guests live. We are also working to further leverage and monetize our industry leading land based assets in the Caribbean and Alaska. We are leaning into our strategic advantage in the Caribbean with the expansion of Half Moon Cay, consistently voted among the best private islands and the development of our largest Caribbean destination yet, Grand Bahama port. It's being designed to deliver wow factors tailored to Carnival Cruise Lines guests to drive higher revenue yields and margins. It's also strategically located to deliver a wide array of lower fuel consumption itineraries furthering our carbon reduction efforts. Our Caribbean destinations already serve about 5.5 million of our brand's guests each year. And upon completion, Grand port will push that to 7.5 million annually. We also own cruising in Alaska with an unmatched strategic footprint across hotels, rail, and motor coaches to deliver unique, land fee packages of a lifetime, as well as the most itineraries by far featuring the iconic Glacier Bay. We plan to lean even more into marketing the benefits of all of these assets. Turning to our capital structure. As we indicated on our last call, we have now begun deleveraging our balance sheet and are already 1.4 billion off the peak. During the quarter, while used excess liquidity to opportunistically prepay over a $1 billion of debt, while still retaining $7.3 billion of liquidity, which we expect to ratchet down as we rebuild our balance sheet over time. We remain disciplined in making capital allocation decisions and our lowest order book in decades provides a pathway for further deleveraging. We are clearly gaining momentum on an upward trajectory positioning us well to deliver strong profitability and rebuild our financial fortress. We are already executing on our strategy with a demonstrated ability to grow revenue by taking up ticket prices, even while maintaining record onboard spending levels, building occupancy, and growing capacity. We are implementing a range of initiatives to capture incremental demand for cruise vacations and working hard to close the outrageous and unwarranted 25% to 50% value GAAP to land based offerings over time. We are well-positioned to do so given our high satisfaction and low penetration levels. And we are working hard to mitigate four years of inflation, maintain our industry leading unit costs, all while reinvesting in advertising and sales support to build future demand. We are focused on the durable revenue growth and margin improvement that will deliver on our SEA Change Program propel us on the path to de-levering and investment grade leverage metrics and drive the continued shift of the enterprise value of our company from debt holders back to equity holders. I can't end without once again thanking our travel agent partners for their support and our best-in-class people, ship and shore, who deliver unforgettable happiness every day by providing extraordinary cruise vacations to our guests, while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit, and life we touch. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. Before I begin, please note all of my references to ticket prices, net per diems, net yields, and adjusted cruise costs without fuel will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2023 second quarter results. Then I'll provide a recap of our cumulative advanced booked position. Next, I'll give some color on our 2023 full-year June guidance, and finish up describing the impact of our SEA Change Program on our financial position.  As Josh indicated, in the second quarter, we outperformed our guidance. For the second quarter, our adjusted EBITDA was $681 million at the high-end of our March guidance range. The improvement was driven by $108 million of favorability in revenue from higher ticket prices. Net per diems were up 7.5%, 4.5 points higher than the midpoint of our March guidance range. In fact, second quarter revenue of 4.9 billion was a record and we achieved a significant milestone with net yields turning positive as compared to 2019. However, our revenue favorability was partially offset by a $13 million unfavorable net impact from higher fuel prices and currency. And 52 million of unfavourability in adjusted cruise costs without fuel, due to the timing of expenses between the quarters, as well as other factors that will impact our cost guidance for the full-year. Turning to our cumulative advanced booked position. For the remainder of 2023, our cumulative advanced booked position is at higher prices when compared to strong 2019 pricing, despite headwinds from the loss of St. Petersburg as a marquee destination due to the suspension of cruises to Russia and normalized for future cruise credits with a booked occupancy position that is near the high-end of the historical range. With the strength in booking volumes above 2019 levels, we are in a great position with less inventory remaining to sell for 2023 as compared to 2019 to achieve our guidance, despite the 5.7% capacity increase in the second half of the year. Next, I will give some color on our 2023 full-year June guidance. Full-year 2023 occupancy is expected to be a 100% or higher as we continue to close the gap each quarter on occupancy levels as compared to 2019, which is at the higher-end of the historical range. On the pricing front, we expect net per diems to be up 5.5% to 6.5% for the full-year 2023, compared to a strong 2019, which is 2.5 points higher than March guidance based on the acceleration of booking trends we saw during the second quarter. We increased our guidance for the second half of 2023 by over 2.5 points. Substantially, all of the second half improvement in net per diems is driven by passenger ticket revenue on both sides of the Atlantic. We do see a continuation of strong onboard revenue trends we have been experiencing which were included in our previous guidance.  Now turning to costs, off the base of our industry leading cost structure, adjusted cruise costs without fuel per available lower berth day or ALBD for the full-year 2023 versus 2019 are now expected to be up 10% to 11%. This is 1.5 points higher than our March guidance. The change was driven by three factors: First, increases in various incentive compensation programs reflecting the expected improvement in the company's current and long-term performance consistent with June guidance and the SEA Change Program are worth half a point. Second, further investments in advertising were two-tenths of a point, which we believe will benefit 2024 by multiple times the investment. And third, a slower than expected ramp down in inflationary pressures than previously anticipated, particularly in the area of port costs, freight, crew travel due to air costs, and crew compensation collectively worth seven-tenths of a point. While we are disappointed by the slower ramp down in inflation than previously anticipated, a 2.5 point increase in net per diem guidance far outweighs our cost guidance increase, improving margins and the bottom line. There is no doubt inflation has been a significant factor driving costs higher in 2023 versus 2019. However, let's not forget we are talking about four years of inflation and our teams have managed this situation well mitigating much of the inflationary impact. In fact, crew costs per available lower berth day in our June guidance are up less than 2% versus 2019, despite significant increases in airfares. This is a testament to the ingenuity and creativity of our teams, as well as the benefits of our scale around the globe. The details of depreciation and amortization, interest expense, and fuel expense can be found in the earnings press release we issued earlier this morning in the section titled guidance, so I will not take the time to walk you through the numbers. However, I would like to point out that the increased confidence in our future drove us to use a portion of our liquidity to prepay 1.4 billion of variable rate debt, mostly with 2023 and 2024 maturities, which combined with other factors will reduce our interest expense for the year by over $80 million and leave us with approximately 80% of our debt having fixed interest rates protecting us from rising rates. Putting all these factors together, we expect 4.10 billion to $4.25 billion of adjusted EBITDA for the full-year 2023, which is above the high-end of the previous guidance. We expect to reach another milestone in the third quarter 2023 as we return to profitability with adjusted EPS expected be in the range of $0.70 to $0.77 per share. And now I will finish up describing the impact of our SEA Change Program on our financial position. As I said last quarter, I feel great as I report that we are beyond the peak of our total debt. Total debt peaked at over 35 billion in the first quarter of 2023 when we drew on the export credits for P&O Cruises Arvia at the time of delivery. We believe with over $7 billion of liquidity, our improving EBITDA and our return to profitability in the second half of 2023, we are very well positioned to pay down debt maturities for the foreseeable future. With the debt prepayments announced in today's earnings release, we now expect our total debt at year-end to be below $33 billion. Now, looking beyond 2023 using the SEA Change Program targets as our guide. We expect cash flow from operations will average over $5 billion per year during the next three years 2024 through 2026, and with optimized non-newbuild capital commitments and the lowest new build order book in decades, annual CapEx net of the $3 billion of export credits will average at less than 2 billion per year during the next three years. This will result in an average of over $3 billion in annual adjusted free cash flow to reduce debt driving more than $8 billion in total debt reduction through 2026, inclusive of the $3 billion of export credit financing drawn during the period, and over 10 billion of debt reduction from the $35 billion peak in first quarter 2023. At the end of 2026, with a significantly lower level of debt and a 50% increase in adjusted EBITDA per ALBD we are expecting to approach investment grade leverage metrics. Our SEA Change Program from debt reduction alone will transfer over $10 billion of enterprise value from debt holders to shareholders, which represents approximately $8 per share. On top of that, it will also deliver improved operating metrics and an adjusted ROIC of 12% representing the highest level of ROIC in almost two decades. Before I turn the call over to the operator, let me remind you to visit our website for our second quarter earnings press release and presentation. Now operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: [Technical Difficulty]
Josh Weinstein : Hey, Robin. Robin, can you hear me?
Robin Farley: Yes.
Josh Weinstein : It's a little hard to hear your question. You're coming in and out, sorry.
Robin Farley: Hopefully this is a little bit better?
Josh Weinstein: Yes, thanks.
Robin Farley: Great. So, I wanted to ask a question about this three year guidance, but first it's a quick clarification on the comments about 2024 bookings. In the release, you mentioned it's ahead of volume and you say strong prices. Is it fair to assume that strong means that 2024 price in the books is up above 2023 price? I just want to clarify that strong means up year-over-year just that briefly? And then on your three year targets, just thinking about what is, kind of implied yield growth to get there? It seems like and I haven't been able to do the full math just given the time constraints, but it looks like at least seven points of yield growth between 2023 and 2026 would just come from the occupancy gap closing, maybe even kind of 7 to 10 points based on the comments today? And can you sort of walk us through what you're expecting in terms of price increase or per diem increase in that period, kind of implied in your EBITDA guidance for 2026? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein : Got it. So, with respect to 2024, the book position get record levels at strong price. What we're going to do is, we're going to give you some more color on that when we get into our next quarter and we'll talk more in-depth about 2024 overall in the first half. But suffice it to say, the brands are doing a very good job at getting ahead and doing it at pricing that we're happy with and still a long way to go for 2024, and a lot to play for. So, we're very pleased with the progress that we've been making while still ratcheting down on the occupancy as we've talked about over the course of every quarter this year. So, the trajectory is very, very good. With respect to the three year targets, it's probably on the low end of what you're talking about for occupancy and we expect to make up, you know it's probably sub-seven points at this point, but pretty close around there. We're probably going to make probably  I expect to make all of that up in 2024 as we get back to a normalized operations. On top of that, we're looking at low-to-mid single-digits with respect to price increases as we get from [2024, 2025, 2026] [ph], and that type of profile we've got experience with, as we look back over the period from 2015 to 2019, so we feel real good about our ability to be able to make those types of steps over time.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein : Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, guys. Good morning and congrats on the solid quarter and the change in the full-year outlook. So Josh, I want to go back to actually the last question there in the SEA Change Program. So, youve talked about that low-to-mid single-digit kind of bump in yields, but can you also maybe help us think about how you're thinking on the  from a cost perspective too? So, are we kind of thinking about a low to mid-single-digit kind of bump in yields? And then maybe like a 1 point to 2 point spread between net yield growth and NCCs, is that the right way to think about this?
Josh Weinstein : Well, I don't know if I'm talking to you anymore, Steve. Putting that aside, nice to hear from you. We  basically, we'd expect to be getting back to the norm, which is low-single-digit cost increases. So, we expect a nice differential between what we'd be expecting on the yield side and what we'd be expecting on the cost side. There is, as we think about the ins and outs, there's good news with the occupancy, but it does come with a little bit of bad news, which is that type of step-up in occupancy will have a bit of a cost drag, which we're very happy to take. We're still going to be thinking through our advertising planning as it gets to 2024 and beyond. And as you've heard us talk about before, that's been very successful. And so, we'll come to more concrete plans as we get into the fall for the following year. And so, there are some particular things as we think about our trajectory. But overall, you can expect that I would expect a difference between those growth rates.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. And then, since you already don't like me, I'm going to stay on costs a little bit, but you guys have now  you've raised your cost guidance two quarters in a row. And look, I understand the stock comp stuff, I understand the inflationary pressures, but first of all, I just want to make sure I hope that you guys now have a pretty good handle on costs for the remainder of the year, and more so around the advertising investments that you mentioned in your prepared remarks and how you expect those to pay-off over time? I guess I'm just a little bit confused about what we're seeing today from a demand perspective versus the fact that you guys need to market more aggressively? So, any color there would be helpful.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So, with respect to the comments about looking at the fourth quarter advertising spend and maybe taking it up for 2024, there's two things. There's getting the occupancy and getting it at a price that we want to get it at. And we do think that the advertising spend and the way we've been doing it has been effective not just on getting the volume, but getting it to a place where we can take the price up to where we want to get it to. And so, we will continue to look at that to see where we can get to, to be honest with you. So, I wouldn't look at advertising as a one and done. We've somehow gotten back to something. We want to maximize. We want to optimize. And so, we're going to keep doing  sorry, theres some sirens in the background here. So, we'll keep thinking that through and ratcheting up or ratcheting back depending on its effectiveness.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, got you. Thanks guys. Thanks, Josh. Appreciate it.
Josh Weinstein : All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Hardiman with Citi. Please proceed.
James Hardiman: Hey, good morning. Hopefully everything is going okay over there.
Josh Weinstein: I'm in New York. That's all you need to know, right?
James Hardiman: That's all you need to know, exactly. Just a clarification on the three-year target math, I guess to about $6.7 billion in adjusted EBITDA for 2026, and then, is that the right math? And then also as we think about getting back to investment grade, 3.5x leverage seems to be the number that would presumably get you there. Are those two generally in-line with how you're thinking about EBITDA and leverage metrics for 2026?
Josh Weinstein: Yes, you got it, right on the head.
James Hardiman: Got it. Really helpful. And then you gave us a bunch of good math in terms of how you think about paying down debt both this year and through 2026, maybe walk us through where you see the cash balance going? I think you said, you expect total debt to finish the year this year at 33 billion, what's the net debt number or what's the cash balance that you would expect? And then similar question for 2026. I think you called out a $8 billion total debt reduction. What's that look like on a net-debt basis?
David Bernstein: Yes. So James, the cash balance should start coming down over time. You're trying to get into a level of precision that goes beyond our forecasting. Remember, it's not just debt and cash. Remember, there's customer deposits, other balance sheet items, but putting it all together, our liquidity at the end of the second quarter was $7.3 billion and we do expect to see that decline over time. Pre-pause we were targeting 2% to 2.5%, and as we rebuild our financial fortress, we will bring our level of liquidity down to that level. Keeping in mind that most of the time, a good portion of our liquidity will wind up to be the undrawn revolver. So, even if we have 4 billion of liquidity, it may only be 2 billion of cash or something like that. So, we do see the cash balance coming down, but the level of precision by year, by quarter is very difficult to project. But your math in all the numbers are  is good, and we're continuing and confident that we can work through and achieve those.
James Hardiman: One more point of clarification. So, in the Qs, there's a mention of [1.7 billion] [ph] of reserve funds from customer deposits and other assets, what's the status of that, the opportunity to, sort of bring that onto the cash balance?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. We are pretty confident that will be ratcheting down nicely and we should get the majority of that back in  off of that line item and into our cash, the majority by the end of next year and the rest of it in the following year. So, we're making good progress.
James Hardiman: Got it. Perfect. Talk to you guys tomorrow. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Fred Wightman: Hey, guys. Good morning. Do the 2026 targets assume that you return to China? And if so, what are you, sort of baking in there?
Josh Weinstein: Very good morning, Fred. No, there is no assumption in these numbers that we return to China. As you know, Costa was our brand, that was our China platform and through our efforts at portfolio management we were able to take the tonnage and move them to Carnival Cruise Line, which has gone fantastic, as a matter of fact, Carnival fun Italian style met our expectations and frankly exceeded them with respect to how it was embraced by the Carnival Guests so far. And so, frankly speaking, our assets are in a good place and they're yielding more than they would, had we stayed the course, I believe. So, we're very excited about China opening up for international travel with cruise companies, and we think that's a great thing for the industry, but the fact is, we're going to be probably on the sidelines of that for a few years because our assets are right where we want them to be. And we can always relook at that. Obviously, our assets are mobile and we'll do that, but we feel real good.
Fred Wightman: Makes sense. And then the last quarter you guys talked about exiting the quarter some improving performance out of Europe. It sounds like based on everything that you've said today that that trend has continued and maybe even accelerated, but can you just frame, sort of where you see the European cruise recovery versus what you've seen in North America and how to think about that in the back half?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So, you heard me in my prepared remarks, and I was talking about the fact that over this record second quarter that we had in bookings, Europe was right there alongside North America. And the really encouraging thing about that in our European brands profile this last quarter, on the booking side, double digits in both volume and price versus 2019, specifically for the European itineraries, which by the way, for our European brands is the vast majority of their deployments. You're talking more or less in the second half of the year. It's probably about 90% give or take. And so our strategy of having our ships deployed with really strong brands, the strongest we've got in Europe. The number 1 brand in Germany, the number 1 brand in the UK, number 1 or 2 in Italy, in France, and Spain. Doing that and catering to those markets specifically is really starting to bear fruit. And so, the trajectory is fantastic. And when you think about the improvement that our European brands made, you think about the first quarter versus the second quarter, how were they comparing against 2019 in the first quarter and how were they comparing against 2019 in the second quarter with respect to their yields? We saw a 10-point improvement in the comparison for our European brands. Our North American brands improved too, but much less than 10%. And that's not a bad thing for our North American brands. They just have been improving like wildfire over the last several quarters. And as we said, the European brands they're catching up. They're catching up and it's great to see that they've really started to pull everything forward.
Fred Wightman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Katz with Morningstar Katz. Please proceed.
Jamie Katz: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I want to talk a little bit about the booking curve. I know you guys are articulating that it's extending and there's always this contemplation on, if there is some optimal pricing being left on the table with the extension of the booking curve. So, can you talk about how you're thinking of managing that over the next few quarters? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yes, good morning. It's really a brand by brand question, right, because there are different dynamics for each brand about, A, where are they in the booking curve. What does their capacity increase look like over the next 18 months? What source markets are they in? What's the state of those source markets. So, it's really hard to give you a holistic answer other than to say holistically, all of our brands. Their goal is obviously what's going to generate the most revenue when the ship leaves, right? That's it. And as we've been not only getting back to a normalized booking pattern, we've also been putting things out for sale even more to give our guests actually what they're demanding. So, I'd say the best answer I can give you is that each is very, very diligent in thinking about how to optimize for the variables that they have got. It's been very encouraging to see how far we can push it out. I would say there is a point where we'll stop. It's just not worth into your statement about leaving it on the table. It's  that's part of the equation. So, might not be a satisfactory answer for you, but it's because it's complicated and there are a lot of factors to consider.
Jamie Katz: Of course. And then, is there anything you'd like to add or elaborate on reorg and maybe where you think there were some opportunities to improve the structure of the business and how we might see that sort of come to play going forward? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yes, sure. I think that there are purposes of how you organize the corporation with operating units and ideally with an operating unit you're doing it because you're going to get scale within that operating unit. And if you're not getting the appropriate level of scale, then you're taking away from the nimbleness and agility and the ability for brands to move quickly to take advantage of opportunities. And so, we  I looked around and basically by being able to deconsolidate a couple of operating units and give them more nimbleness and flexibility and have a direct line of reporting directly into me, it speeds up the whole process and it lets us act much quicker and much more I would say purposefully for the brand's needs. At the same time, we did  it's not just about giving the brand's autonomy and nimbleness. We also pulled a few things up to the corporate level to support brands more holistically. So, effectively, in deconsolidating, we've benefited both scale on the corporate side and nimbleness for particular brands. And as a result, as you heard in my notes, I've now got it's actually 93% of the capacity that effectively reports directly to [me through six] [ph] of our Presidents who lead that specific brand. And finally, by having our 7% of capacities, which are great brands, but small, they can piggyback on a bigger brand and it works very, very well. [Indiscernible] piggybacks on P&O Cruises in the UK, Seaborne piggybacks on Holland America, and P&O Australia can now do the same with Carnival Cruise Line, which are both full-year players in Australia.
Jamie Katz: Excellent. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks and congrats on a nice quarter.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So, maybe if we dig a little deeper on the SEA Change plan, could you speak to the annual EBITDA Glide Pass embedded in the three-year plan or maybe specifically help us to break down the 50% increased target as we think about the year-over-year opportunity in 2024, maybe just given the visibility that you have today, versus the level of improvement that you're embedding in the outer years within that three-year plan?
Josh Weinstein: Well, its a tough question to answer since we're not giving you 2024 guidance yet. So, I'd say, if we think about pluses and minuses for 2024 and maybe we can start there. There's a lot of winds in our backs in 2024. The occupancy is going to be a big jump as I talked about on one of the earlier calls, which is going to be a nice pickup in yields on top of what we would expect to be that low-to-mid single-digit price improvement. The booking curve is in good shape. We're in the best book position in our history. All those commercial activities that I've talked about over the last several quarters are in full swing. The capacity that we have were about 5.5% capacity growth in 2024 versus 2023 and two-thirds of that goes to Carnival Cruise Line, which is, it's our highest returning brand, which we're very excited about. So, we feel good about the trajectory and what we should expect some nice pickup in 2024. Now, 2024 is not going to be without challenges. The Ukraine, we don't forecast that having a reversal such that we can get back to St. Petersburg and those really high yielding types of trades. We're not planning on China, as you've already heard me say. Question mark, hopefully, energy security concerns won't come back, but I don't have a crystal ball there. We do have more dry docks in 2024. So, there are pluses and minuses, frankly. There always are. We do feel good that we expect 2024 to be a nice step up versus where we are now because of the trajectory in getting back to normal and full and then pulling ahead. David, I'm not sure if there's anything you'd like to add with respect to 
David Bernstein: The only thing I'll add to what you indicated, Josh is the fact that going into the call, if you looked at consensus, it was similar to our annual step-up towards that 6.7 billion of EBITDA that James had calculated. So, just take a look at that and you can see, but that was going into the call.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then maybe just as a follow-up, Josh, as we think about historical profitability, and now your newly layered more simplified operating structure that you've laid out. I guess maybe as you think about this three-year plan, particularly in the back-end of that plan. What would you say or is there a way to rank maybe the areas of potential conservatism that are not in the plan?
Josh Weinstein : For rank, I wouldn't even begin to try. Look, we set out our targets about what we hope to meet and frankly, as you'd expect the CEO to say, I will strive to exceed showing a 50% growth in unit EBITDA, which does not take into account capacity benefit in the EBITDA number. Getting to the highest points in ROIC and EBITDA in what will be just about 20 years, I think that that's a good trajectory. And we'll do our best like I said to go well beyond. I would expect, I expect our margins to get back in-line with historical norms. So that's certainly part of it. I'll let you take another crack at asking it in a different way, but that's probably the best I'll give it to you.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities. Please proceed.
Patrick Scholes: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Josh Weinstein: Hi, Patrick.
Patrick Scholes: Shifting gears a bit here, looking at your balance sheet, last quarter you had about 1, if I'm wrong, correct me, 1.7 billion of reserve funds from credit card processors. Where does that stand right now? And how should we think about that balance going forward? Is that still accumulating? And when would realistically you might think that you'll be able to release cash. And I assume that would probably be used for debt reduction at that time? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. Somebody asked it earlier on the call. They were probably referring to it in a little bit of a different way, but we would expect the vast majority of that to be released back to us effectively by the end of 2024 with the rest by the end of 2025. So that's a trajectory that we expect. And to your point, yes, that's increased liquidity and cash and we'd be using that to continue our process of deleveraging.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. And what is that balance today specifically, the 1.7, which was at the end of 1Q? Where are you now?
David Bernstein: At the end of Q2, you'll see when the Q is filed, its 2.2 billion. It has  since customer deposits went up, the reserve funds went up correspondingly.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Thank you. That's it.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. For the three year plan, I wanted to hit on the 12% ROIC target. Can you talk about, are there strategic things that maybe or not obvious as we think about your current business that bridge you to get there? Are there changes and what I mean by this are there changes in mix in terms of brands or further reallocating capacity to higher ROIC brands? And along with that in terms of your cost of capital, it's obviously now higher. How do you think about the thresholds for investments now? And maybe what are the things that you're focusing on that are going to help bridge us to the improved 2024 costs that you've been referencing?
Josh Weinstein: Okay. Well, so from a strategic perspective and a portfolio of brands, it assumes and we're marching forward with the same brands that are in our current portfolio. We have taken action to reallocate our assets within our portfolio and the makeup such that, I don't have it in front of me, but Carnival Cruise Line over this period will be about a third of our capacity. And in the timeline that I was talking about, if you look back in our pre-pause last four year period, they were closer to what was it 26%, 27% Beth? Yes, about 27%. Pardon me?
Beth Roberts: 25%.
Josh Weinstein: 25%. So, you're looking at our highest returning brand being a third of our business up from a quarter, which is certainly part of our strategy. At the same time, our focus is generating incremental and accelerated demand for all of our brands. And I think you see that in the booking numbers that we've been talking about, the pace at which we've really been coming back, every single quarter and we expect performance to continue. So, from a strategic perspective, it's letting the brands focus on their commercial operations, ensure they got the capability and the capacity to do everything that we expect and fill their ships with folks who are very willing to pay for the amazing experiences that they give. And I think that's starting to really shine through. We do have some wind in our backs as well with respect to our land based portfolio because Grand port is not currently in our portfolio, even though we've got an amazing footprint in an unparalleled footprint in the Caribbean, that alone will take our annual number of guests that we carry from about 5.5 million this year to 7.5 million and we expect that will be a very nice pick-up in our business.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then just turning to the pricing gap, you and your peers have talked about relative to land based vacations. To the extent that there is some uncertainties certainly on the consumer side still and these prices have elevated considerably on the land based side. How do you think about your cushion here? And to the extent that we were to see a slowdown in lodging in RevPAR, how do you think about that as impacting your pricing stability or resilience?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Well, obviously, based on what we've been telling you today, we don't see a slowdown, which is very good, especially because one of the benefits we have is, we are very well booked for the next 12 months and those bookings are sticky. So that is incredibly helpful to our outlook. Now, what I call it, I actually call it an outrageous and ridiculous value gap to land. And that is a double-edged sword in our favor, because if there is a slowdown and if hotels take their rates down a bit and airlines take their rates down a bit and resorts, whatever that might be, we are still outsized in our value. And as a result, if there is a recession, we stick out for the right reasons because of how far your holiday dollars can go. And on top of that, because of our home porting strategy with about 75% of our ship's position where our guests don't have to get on a flight should they choose not to, that sets us up very, very well for people who are trying to figure out how to stretch their vacation dollars. So, to be honest with you, our focus on base loading for 2024 and pulling ahead with all of those factors at our back, we feel quite good. And we probably said this in other calls. Every recession is different. This one happens to be one where there's record unemployment, people still wanting to purchase experiences, particularly travel, which bodes quite well for us. We've got time for one more question.
Dan Politzer : Got it.
Josh Weinstein: Sorry, thank you.
Dan Politzer : Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Operator, we've got time for one more question, or I could just end the call. So, I think we've lost our operator. So, I'll do that. Thank you everybody for joining us today. And for those that we'll see tomorrow, I look forward to seeing you for the Investor Day. Thank you very much.
David Bernstein: Bye-bye.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-03-27 10:00:00) =====
Josh Weinstein: Good morning. This is Josh Weinstein. Welcome to our First Quarter 2023 Business Update Conference Call. I'm joined today by our Chair, Micky Arison; our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and our Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Beth Roberts. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Consistent with our last business update, we remain on an upward trajectory as we further closed the gap to 2019. We are still experiencing a record wave season, which started early, gained strength and has extended later into the year. We expect these favorable trends to continue based on the traction we're making to our ongoing effort to drive demand globally. In the first quarter, we outperformed our guidance on all measures: Revenue, costs, adjusted EBITDA and earnings, while overcoming over $30 million in headwinds from fuel price and currency since our prior guidance. Thanks to the dedicated efforts of our 160,000 amazing team members around the world. We had sequential improvement in our occupancy gap to 2019 from 19 points in Q4 to 13 points in Q1 on increasing capacity, which is now above 2019 levels. We anticipate being just 7 points or less away from 2019 occupancies in the second quarter, well on our way to historical occupancies this summer. Equally important, we also drove ticket prices higher and continue to throttle back on our opaque channel while also maintaining outsized onboard revenue growth where we have not lost sight on the cost side of the business. We are working hard to mitigate four years of inflation while still reinvesting in advertising and sales support to build future demand. We did update our cost guidance primarily to reflect decisions taken during the quarter that have increased our costs but will produce greater EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow, which David will elaborate on. We remain nimble and continue to aggressively seek opportunities to accelerate our path back to strong profitability. For the year, we're expecting adjusted EBITDA of $4 billion at the midpoint. The gap to 2019's record $5.5 billion of adjusted EBITDA is being driven primarily by two items. First is our 2023 occupancy gap to 2019, which we expect to be behind us as we cycle through this year. As we discussed on the last call, this results primarily from longer-duration exotic voyages early in the year that we did not feel given the disparate COVID protocols to land-based alternatives were in place during most of the booking window for these voyages, as well as close-in deployment changes and the slightly delayed but improving European recovery trajectory. Second is a drag due to fuel prices and currency changes compared to 2019. In actuality, the strength of our demand generation resulting in elevated per diems and our fleet optimization efforts has helped us to mitigate four years of significant cost inflation which, of course, will continue to work to offset even further. On a per ALBD basis and holding fuel price and currency constant to 2019 levels, we were roughly 60% back to 2019 EBITDA in our first quarter, better than our expectations to be halfway back. We expect to be 2/3 of the way back in our second quarter as we progress back to levels that rival 2019 as we exit the year. Each point of net yield improvement results in $170 million to the bottom line in 2024. With our continuing demand generation seeing us close the occupancy gap entirely and allowing us to pull back further opaque channel activity, we are well positioned to continue to drive ticket prices higher and more than offset the drag from fuel price and currency over time. To that end, wave season has been phenomenal. It started early with record Black Friday booking volumes and has continued to build. We achieved our highest ever quarterly booking volumes in our company's history, and we actually had our best weekly booking volume for this wave the last week in February. And the good news is that strength in bookings has continued into March, supporting our revenue expectations for the remainder of the year. Of course, we're working very hard to do even better. In North America, our Carnival brand continues to propel us forward, breaking new booking records every single week in January and February. Booking volumes for our North American brands have been running in excess of record 2019 levels for the last 6 months and booking lead times are now back to peak levels. Demand for our European brands has strengthened more recently and is catching up to the U.S. market in the recovery cycle. Demand trends are improving across all regions as we exit the winter period and home heating concerns fade. In fact, booking volumes reached a record for our European brands as well, evidencing strong close-in demand and producing a continued lengthening in the booking curve. As we previously noted, Australia is about a year behind the U.S. in terms of the recovery cycle. And while Asia is still about two years behind, we successfully resumed operations there with the ships now in Japan and one in Taiwan beginning this summer. Turning to China. The country still has not reopened to international cruise travel, which accounted for 1 million of our guests pre-pause and was a significant presence for Costa. To address this, we leaned into the mobility of our assets by leveraging our scale as we capitalize on the strength of our brand portfolio while building alternate deployments for the remaining Costa fleet. The actions we've taken to right-size the Costa brands are working. Following the transfer of Venezia to our highly successful Carnival Cruise Line brand, the launch of fun Italian style has received strong support and is already reaching nearly 100% occupancy level for the third quarter. And with strengthening demand, Costa will be able to enter its remaining idle capacity at a faster pace. Overall, with normalized onboard protocols, we are on an even playing field to land-based alternatives, enabling us to close the unprecedented and unwarranted 25% to 50% value gap to land-based offerings over time. We are well positioned to capture incremental demand given our high satisfaction and low penetration levels. We're capitalizing on pent-up demand for cruise vacations, building on our large base of loyal guests as we will increase awareness and consideration among new to cruise guests. This has been helped by the ongoing efforts of our travel agent partners who remain a critical source for new to cruise guests. I am delighted to say that the trade is showing a fantastic rebound in its recovery with us this past quarter with several of our brands trade activity exceeding 2019 levels as we support our trade partners with increased training and engagement. And our investment in advertising and sales support is clearly paying dividends. For example, we've been upsizing our UK TV presence for P&O Cruises, the brand synonymous with cruising in the UK. Not only has P&O Cruise has been enjoying a measurable increase in brand awareness as a result, but the brand has also experienced record bookings over the last three months. This is not surprising given the high correlation between TV advertising awareness and propensity to book in the UK. The awareness of P&O Cruises has been amplified with the unprecedented and well publicized naming Arvia in Barbados less than two weeks ago. The amazing event featured our fabulous godmother, Nicole Scherzinger; chart-topping UK singer, Olly Murs; and the incomparable Prime Minister of Barbados, Mia Mottley. Arvia is taking the brand forward with new guest experiences like the industry's first 3D submarine escape room, and it's got over 30 dining and bar outlets. We have a measured 4.5% capacity growth compared to 2019 and while still retaining the excitement from 14 newly delivered ships, representing nearly 25% of our capacity. And importantly, our growth is weighted towards three of our highest returning brands: Carnival Cruise Line, AIDA and P&O Cruises UK, following our portfolio and fleet optimization. As mentioned on previous calls, to help support this growth and drive overall revenue generation over time, I've actively been working with each brand on their strategies and road maps to ensure they have clearly identified target markets, capacity that is appropriately sized to the market potential, demand generation capability to hone in on the target market at the lowest possible acquisition cost, and deliver an amazing guest experience on board to drive Net Promoter Scores and resulting advocacy higher. These efforts are well underway. We have or are in the process of refreshing segmentation research across all major source markets to confirm and resize our target audiences by brand post-pause. Our brands have identified clear differentiators, and we are leveraging these insights to fine-tune each brand's positioning and marketing efforts to attract new-to-cruise guests and increase loyalty. For example, we've developed new brand affinity partnerships like Porsche Club of America for Princess, which is an efficient way to drive new-to-cruise demand to a brand that will resonate with its target guests. We have launched new marketing campaigns across multiple media channels, including new national and homeport-driven regional television in most major markets to increase awareness. And we've leaned into digital media with emphasis on video for enhanced storytelling. In fact, AIDA's new wave campaign, Better Together, has had 86 million views on TikTok and counting. We are redesigning websites to increase online traffic, improve conversion and achieve higher pre-cruise onboard sales. We are refining our onboard apps to increase communication and engagement as well as capturing incremental onboard revenue. We are refining our digital performance marketing efforts, continuously fine-tuning search engine optimization and testing new lead generation approaches with impressive results. As just examples, Holland America was recently named to the top 100 fastest-growing digital brands and Costa has driven an over 40% increase in lead generation in just the last six months. Our web visits are up 35% over 2019, which is multiples of our measured capacity growth. And our guests that are new to brand already reached 90% of 2019 levels in the first quarter. These are testaments to the success of our investments in advertising and sales support. And in fact, we're bolstering our sales and service support to address the increased volume and reduce call times resulting from all of the above. We are sharpening our revenue management tools to drive incremental revenues through increased bundled package offers and new upgrade programs. We're also opening deployments further in advance, and testing and learning pricing strategies to support earlier occupancy builds and to push the booking curve out further. We are actively reducing already low cancellation levels through changes to deposit policies and new fare structures. And we are using guest insights and sharing cross-brand learnings to aid in everything we do. We all have a sense of urgency to further our brand's efforts to drive net yield improvement. And while it's working, we recognize these efforts build over time. To aid in these efforts, we also have an opportunity to further leverage and monetize our industry-leading land-based assets in the Caribbean and Alaska. In the Caribbean, we are building on our strategic advantage with a meaningful expansion of Half Moon Cay, which is consistently voted best private island. And of course, we're also developing our largest Caribbean destination yet, our Grand Bahama port. It's being designed to deliver wow fact tailored to Carnival Cruise Line guests to drive higher revenue yields and margins. Importantly, this development is strategically located to deliver a wide array of lower fuel consumption itineraries, furthering our carbon reduction efforts. And in Alaska, we have an unmatched strategic footprint across hotels, rail and motor coaches to deliver unique land-sea packages of a lifetime as well as the most itineraries by far, featuring the iconic Glacier Bay. Turning to our capital structure. We've completed two more export credits this quarter, bringing the total remaining available to $3.2 billion. The export credits are not only an attractive way to fund new ships, but they also serve to effectively roll debt that's maturing at attractive rates. In fact, the majority of export credits coming due in the next few years will be replaced by new export credits available to be drawn. As a result, we expect export credits to remain a similar portion of our debt structure at preferential low to mid-single-digit interest rates. We also proactively addressed the renewal of our revolving credit agreement. The creative forward start revolver allows us to retain the benefit of $2.9 billion of liquidity until August of 2024 and provides an 18-month window to build on the current commitment of $2.1 billion. Hats off to David and our treasury team. We remain disciplined in making capital allocation decisions, including new builds. We have our lowest order book in decades, which is 4 ships on order through 2025, and there will be none in 2026, plus our second incredible luxury expedition ship for Seaborne to be delivered later this year. Following a strong and prolonged wave season, customer deposits are running up double digits, contributing to adjusted free cash flow turning positive this quarter and for the full year. We are set up for structurally higher growth in customer deposits going forward as we benefit from increasing demand and increases in our bundled package offerings and pre-cruise sales. While we'll always look at opportunistic refinancing opportunities with adjusted free cash for the year expected to be positive, our revolver renewal behind us, more committed export credit financings in hand, our reduced CapEx profile going forward and over $8 billion of liquidity, we believe we are well positioned to pay down near-term debt maturities from excess liquidity and have no intention to issue equity. And with our industry-leading cost structure, we are well positioned to bring incremental revenue to the bottom line. We are focused on durable revenue growth, margin improvement and driving EBITDA per available birthday hire to propel us on the path to delevering investment-grade credit ratings and increased ROIC. Over time, we expect the enterprise value for our company to shift from debt holders back toward equity holders. I can't end the call without once again praising our travel agent partners for their unwavering support and our team members, ship and shore, who work so hard every day to fulfill our mission of creating unforgettable happiness by providing extraordinary cruise vacations to our guests while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit and life we touch. Our company is powered by our best-in-class people, something for which I am incredibly thankful. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein : Thank you, Josh. Before I begin, please note all of my reference to ticket prices, net per diems and adjusted cruise costs without fuel, will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2023 first quarter results. Then I'll provide a recap of our cumulative book position. Next, I will give some additional color on our 2023 full year March guidance and finish up describing our financial position. As Josh indicated, in the first quarter, we outperformed our guidance on all measures. For the first quarter, our adjusted EBITDA was $382 million, which was $82 million above the midpoint of our December guidance. The improvement was driven by two things: First, $82 million of favorability in both improved ticket prices as net per diems were up 7.5% and higher occupancy of over 91%; and second, $28 million of favorability in adjusted cruise costs without fuel due to the timing of expenses between quarters, both of which were partially offset by a $31 million unfavorable net impact from higher fuel prices and currency. I have three additional comments before leaving the first quarter results. First, our onboard and other revenue for the first quarter continued at an elevated pace that is consistent with the back half of 2022, demonstrating continued strength in the consumer as well as the quality of our onboard offering. However, I want to remind you that during the December conference call, I indicated that for 2023, as we have done in the past, we changed the bundled package offering to capture incremental revenue streams, and we reevaluated the revenue accounting allocations. As a result, in 2023, more of the revenue will be less in ticket and less allocated to onboard, impacting the onboard and other revenue per diem comparisons to both 2022 and 2019. Just another reason to add to the list of reasons why the best way to judge our revenue performance is by reference to our total cruise revenue metrics such as net per diems. Second, occupancy for the first quarter was over 91% but still a gap to 2019. We expect to continue to close the gap as we progress through 2023, setting us up for improved year-over-year adjusted EBITDA starting in first quarter 2024, driven by higher revenue because of the occupancy improvement. And third, net per diems for the first quarter 2023 benefited from brand mix and cabin mix as compared to the remaining three quarters of 2023, which was particularly aided this quarter by the exotic voyages that held down our occupancies, which we discussed on our last conference call. Turning to our cumulative book position. For the remainder of 2023, our cumulative advanced booked position is at higher ticket prices normalized for future cruise credits when compared to strong 2019 pricing with booked occupancy that is solidly in the higher end of the historical range. The strong cumulative book position along with bundled package offerings and strong pre-cruise sales has resulted in total customer deposits achieving a first quarter record of $5.7 billion, surpassing the previous first quarter record of $4.9 billion, a 16% increase. Next, I will give some additional color on our 2023 full year March guidance. We now expect capacity growth for the full year 2023 to be 4.5% when compared to 2019. With strengthening demand, Costa will be able to reenter its remaining idle capacity at a faster pace than originally thought, increasing our capacity growth from December guidance. Full year 2023 occupancy is expected to be 100% or higher as we close the gap each quarter on occupancy levels as compared to 2019. On the pricing front, we expect net per diems to be up 3% to 4% for full year 2023 compared to a strong 2019 with net yields improving every quarter throughout 2023 as compared to 2019 and exceeding 2019 in the fourth quarter. As I previously mentioned, net per diems for first quarter 2023 benefited from brand mix and cabin mix as compared to the remaining three quarters of 2023. Our net per diems for the second quarter and implied guidance for the second half of 2023 reflect the changing brand mix and cabin mix throughout the year. During 2023, our European brands expect their onboard and other revenue per diems to be up significantly versus 2019 as they were in 2022 and has been the case with our North American brands. As I previously pointed out, the absolute onboard spending on our European brands is less than that on our North American brands. Our European brand guests tend to drink a little bit more but gamble a lot less. As the European brands catch up on occupancy with our North American brands during the second and third quarters and filled their ships, driving adjusted EBITDA higher, they will make up a larger percentage of the total, changing the per passenger average. And with their historically lower onboard revenue per diems, we will no longer benefit from brand mix. In addition, as we continue to close the gap to 2019 occupancy, many of the remaining cabins left to be filled or inside cabins. As we fill our increasingly shrinking remaining inventory driving adjusted EBITDA higher, we will fill the last of our inside cabins, lowering our average net per diems. Now turning to costs. Off the base of our industry-leading cost structure, adjusted cruise costs without fuel per ALBD for the full year 2023 versus 2019 are now expected to be up 8.5% to 9.5%. This is approximately 1 point higher than our December guidance, but for all the right reasons driving adjusted EBITDA higher. First, with record booking levels on both sides of the Atlantic during the first quarter, we increased the occupancy levels on which our December cost guidance was based, driving food costs and certain other operating expenses higher but also driving adjusted EBITDA higher. Next, we reevaluated and increased our customer service and support staffing levels and associated costs around the globe given higher booking levels are occurring sooner than we previously thought. Third, with strengthening demand, we made the strategic decision for Costa to reenter into service its remaining idle capacity, which means additional restart expenses in 2023, but again, this will drive adjusted EBITDA higher. Fourth, the opportunistic sale and charter back of Seaborne Odyssey earlier this month will reduce depreciation expense, but the resulting charter hire expense drives adjusted cruise costs higher. We will record a U.S. GAAP gain on the sale, but the gain will be excluded from adjusted cruise costs. And finally, fifth, we see opportunities to set ourselves up for an even more successful 2024 and beyond by further tweaking up advertising expense later in 2023. Again, and I must sound like a broken record, this will drive adjusted cruise costs higher, but will also drive adjusted EBITDA higher. As Josh said, we remain nimble and continue to aggressively seek opportunities to accelerate our path back to strong profitability. The details of depreciation and amortization, interest expense and fuel expense can be found in the business update press release we issued earlier this morning in the section titled Guidance. So I will not take the time to walk you through the numbers. However, I would like to thank our treasury team for the great job managing our debt portfolio with 75% of our debt having fixed interest rates, which is significantly higher than year-end 2021 when it was 58%, protecting us in what has been a rising rate environment. Furthermore, for those of you modeling our fuel expense, please note that we expect MGO to represent around 40% of our fuel consumption for 2023 with the percentage slightly higher during the first half of the year. Putting all these factors together, we expect $3.9 billion to $4.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA for the full year 2023. And now I will finish up describing our financial position. I am smiling when I report that adjusted free cash flow turned positive in the first quarter of 2023 and we expect adjusted free cash flow to be positive for the full year 2023. I feel great as I report that we are beyond the peak of our total debt. Total debt peaked at over $35 billion in the first quarter of 2023 when we drew on the export credit for P&O Cruises Arvia at the time of delivery. We believe with over $8 billion of liquidity, we are well positioned to pay down near-term debt maturities of $1.8 billion for the remainder of 2023 from excess liquidity. And by year-end, we expect our total debt to be down to approximately $33.5 billion. In addition, our debt maturity towers have been well managed through 2024, which has $2.5 billion of debt maturities next year. And looking forward, I expect substantial increases in adjusted free cash flow in 2024 and beyond through durable revenue growth and gross margin improvement to drive down our debt balances on our path back to investment grade. And as a result, we have no intention to issue equity. Before I turn the call over to the operator, let me remind you to visit our website for our first quarter business update release and presentation. Now operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities.
Patrick Scholes : A couple of questions for you. First off, you talked about only having, I would say, less desirable cabins left to sell. How did that play out in sort of how your booking volumes trended during the quarter and how it's related to pricing? Did you see any -- at the beginning of the quarter, say, December and January, stronger volumes, but then you sold out and then lower volumes later on, but maybe higher pricing as people shifted to longer, say, European vacations or Alaska cruises? Any shift in there. That's my first question.
Josh Weinstein : So this is Josh. No, nothing discernible. I mean the fact is the volumes in the business over the entire wave period were just wave after wave, pun intended, a strength. And so we didn't see anything noticeable. David, just to be clear, mentioned the fact that it's not only insides left. It's just -- that's the majority of what we've got left. And when you're getting down to less than 7 points in Q2 and then finally catching up to historical over the summer, we're talking about just filling things out on the ends. So we feel real good about the fact that we're over 70% booked for the remainder of the year. We're tracking well, and wave has continued.
David Bernstein : And by the way, I wouldn't call them less desirable. They're just different. And people have a great time in those cabins.
Patrick Scholes : Okay. I won't argue with that. My next question, can you talk about trends in book direct. Certainly, from my conversations with the trade, we hear that, especially on the shorter less expensive cruise, you're taking noticeable share in book direct. Can you comment on that at all?
Josh Weinstein : Overall, what we've said, and it's going to be consistent is that our direct business held up well. And we've really been working hard to help the trade get back up to what we know that they can achieve. And the fact is, as you heard me say in the -- in my prepared remarks, many of our brands exceeded 2019 levels with the trade. And overall, we're well on our way to get into those levels. So we feel actually fantastic about the performance that they've made to date, and we expect that momentum just like our own to continue. And we do think that all the work we've been doing on the revenue generation isn't just for ourselves. It's really in partnership with the trade and helps the trade. Because the more awareness we have, the more folks that get interested and the more they can help bring ultimately to our brands.
Operator: Next question from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski : So Josh or David, just want to ask about the full year EBITDA guidance you provided this morning. And if we look at what you did in EBITDA in the first quarter, it exceeded your midpoint by, let's call it, about 30%. And that's with a pretty significant fuel and FX headwinds. So if we look at what you're guiding for the second quarter, you're essentially guiding to a little less than, let's call it, $3 billion in EBITDA for the second half of the year. And I guess the question is, that just seems incredibly, incredibly conservative given what you're seeing from a demand perspective, spending perspective, whatever you want to look at it. So have you taken the view that the consumer slow some in the second half of the year? And if I ask that a little differently, is it safe to assume that the consumer does stay kind of where they are right now? There should be some pretty good upside to your guidance range. And look, I understand that David called out some change there in brand mix and cabin mix, but I'm just trying to figure out what that impact could be.
Josh Weinstein : Yes. Look, I mean, we set our guidance based on a lot of variables, right? Some of the things, like I mentioned already, we're already 70% booked. We get to pull forward a good amount of our onboard spend, which has been an active initiative, as you know. We give a range to some extent because there are some things that can move, little bits and pieces here and there. Overall, just like the first quarter, we are working incredibly hard to beat our own expectations. And so we'll continue to do that. We have not seen a decline in consumer activity, and that's with respect to both the booking pace and onboard spending level. So despite the fact that there's some volatility out there, it hasn't yet -- if it ever does, it has not shown up in our business, and we want to maintain that and hopefully can lead to even stronger EBITDA as we work our way through the year.
Steve Wieczynski : Okay. Got you. And then, Josh, you made it very clear in the press release that you believe the company is now in a very solid liquidity position and the use of equity won't be needed moving forward. So you've sat in your seat now for not a year, but let's call it over six months. Have you given any thought as to a time line now as to when Carnival, the corporation, could return to that important investment-grade status?
Josh Weinstein : Our goal is certainly to get there. I'm a former treasurer, so that's quite important for all of us. The trajectory is going to be driven by significant free cash flow over time. We are working on longer-term views of the world. This is our first quarter. We just gave a full year outlook. So give me a little more time. And we'll certainly start talking about longer-term targets and initiatives going forward.
David Bernstein : But remember that getting back to investment grade is twofold. It's both improving EBITDA and paying down debt. And so as Josh mentioned in his prepared remarks, in 2024, we do expect to see considerably improved adjusted EBITDA as a result of the occupancy. And with the lower CapEx and only four ships on order and none for 2026, we do expect to be able to accelerate the paydown in debt. 
Operator: Our next question from the line of James Hardiman with Citi.
James Hardiman : So maybe I'd ask one of the previous questions in a different way. Obviously, there's a lot of mix affecting per diems over the course of the year. Is there any way to sort of tease out the mix and the inter cabin impact? I guess I'm just trying to figure out if like-for-like per diems are getting better or getting worse, right? Obviously, throughout the rest of the consumer space, investors are bracing for a deceleration in pricing power as we work our way through the year. Obviously, the travel space is at a very different spot given where we've been. Maybe any way to think about sort of like-for-like pricing and what that tells us about the consumer?
Josh Weinstein : Sure. So thanks for the question, James. Like-for-like, the pricing is up. So we're very happy. As David said, I wish I had said, it was a really good line, they're not undesirable cabins. They're very desirable up and down, our fleet and our portfolio based on what particular guests are looking for, and they are paying more for it and spending more onboard. And you got to remember -- and I've been here for a long time and I remember hearing this for the last 20 years, good times and bad, our business model holds up very well. And the reason why it holds up so well in a recession, if one comes, is because we are an incredible value to land. Anywhere from 25% to 50% lower than the land-based equivalent. And so when people are looking to figure out how do I make my dollar go further, we can provide better value for their money for their vacation, which is still incredibly important, even more so now than it used to be in the past that people will not give up. So we feel very good about our position.
David Bernstein : The only thing I can add to that is I did say in my prepared remarks that we did expect the fourth quarter yields to be up compared to 2019. And that is sort of an indication of the higher pricing that we're expecting. And by the time we get to fourth quarter, a lot of the mix issues that we were talking about have disappeared.
Josh Weinstein : Pretty much all of them.
David Bernstein : All of them, yes.
James Hardiman : Got it. Makes sense. And then maybe on the cost side. So I think costs were up roughly 6% in the first quarter. Constant currency, 10.5% to 11.5%. The second quarter, it seems like there was some moving around of costs within those numbers. But then 8.5% to 9.5% for the year. So presumably the back half of the year, those numbers are coming down. I guess I'm just trying to think about sort of an exit rate. You said you're still going to be spending on advertising later in the year. But ultimately, is there an opportunity for net cruise costs to come down in '24 versus '23? Or should I think about more of a normalized growth rate as we move beyond sort of the base level of 2023?
David Bernstein : Sure. So to start with, you mentioned the first to the second quarter, and it did go up quite a bit, but there were really two things that drove that. There was -- remember, we increased occupancy from the first quarter to the second. You're talking about a 7 percentage point increase in occupancy. And so I'm very happy. That was a couple of points of the difference. The other was dry dock, which was also worth 2 points because of the number of dry docks between the quarters. So 4 of the 5-point differential is just those two items. And there was also timing of R&M expenses. But as we've said many times before, judge us on costs for the full year and not any particular quarter. And we gave you our guidance for the full year, but we'll work hard as we always do, to do better than that. And that's a fairly reasonable run rate to think about going forward.
Josh Weinstein : One thing I just want to clarify because we're still in a little bit of a bizarre comparison structure that we're operating under this year. So when you talk about this year and then exit rates, you got to remember, we're talking about 2023 versus 2019, which is a 4-year gap in the comparison. When we talk about what does '24 look like, which we're not talking about yet, remember, that's '24 versus '23. So that picture will look very, very different from the environment that we're describing to give a better sense of how we're doing versus the last normalized year of the industry, and which was 2019.
Operator: Next question from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research.
Fred Wightman : I wanted to follow up on the European consumer specifically. I know you sort of talked broadly about the North American consumer. But if we just look at that booking curve, which is trailing North America, I think you guys also made some comments about bookings picking up there recently and then just piece that all together with the cost of fleet coming back into service a little bit sooner. Can you sort of help us bridge the gap for all that and maybe where the European consumer is specifically?
Josh Weinstein : Yes. And it is all good news from our perspective. All of our brands over in the UK and Europe are experiencing strong demand. They've continued to outperform expectations on the closer environment that they have been operating under. But as we said, the good news is despite the fact that they're generating even more close-in demand than normal, they've also managed to extend their booking window over this period. So what that tells you is not only are they getting demand for the short term, but they're also beginning to normalize and think about making their holiday choices well in advance. And so pretty much across the board, we're really -- we are being supported by strong consumer sentiment in Europe for our European brands.
Fred Wightman : Perfect. And then just on the ship pipeline, zero ships for '26, that's consistent with what you guys have talked about previously. But I think there was also in the past to comment about expecting one or two ship deliveries annually for several years beyond that. Is that still sort of the cadence and plan?
Josh Weinstein : It will certainly be -- that's certainly the plan, one or two. Whether that starts in 2027 or it starts after 2027 is still a question mark. And so we're very much focused, if you think about the pipeline over the next 4-plus years, it's the lowest it's ever been and it will continue to dwindle down as we get our way through the year.
Operator: Next question from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley : Just wanted to clarify to your comments on the yield outlook. You talked about Q4 yields would be above 2019 levels, sort of suggesting that Q3 would not be. But I think you said that occupancy will be back to full by Q3. And I think you said elsewhere that per diems in each quarter would be higher than 2019. So it seems like that should get to yield above 2019 levels in Q3. So if you could just clarify that, there's maybe a piece there I'm not factoring in.
David Bernstein : Yes. Well, we didn't give guidance for each and every quarter. I was trying to just indicate the fourth quarter for the specific reason that we talked about before in terms of with all of the mix issues we have, I wanted everybody to fully understand that pricing was up on a like-for-like basis. And I'd rather not sit here and give guidance for each quarter. But basically, we said what you had indicated, and we'll work hard to do better than that.
Robin Farley : Okay. Great. So you understand you're not guiding for Q3, but you're definitely not saying that it can't be above yield in '19, right? I just wanted to clarify that. Thank you. And then also just wanted to -- you talked about your price being higher for the year, and in the release, you give the expression that like adjusted for FCC discounts. I think elsewhere, you said pricing per diems will be up 3% to 4% for '23 versus '19. When you say that pricing will be adjusted for FCC, are you suggesting that if you include the FCC discount in that, that you would not be above '19? Because I would think that FCC discount would only be a percentage point or so. So I'm just wondering why you're sort of calling out that it's higher if you adjust for the FCC? In other words, I don't know if I'm asking...
Josh Weinstein : Yes. No problem, Robin. Just to be clear, we are projecting net per diems up 3% to 4% for the year, and that's inclusive of FCC drag. So without that drag, it would be even higher.
David Bernstein : It would be up either way. We just -- we've been calling that out every quarter going after the last couple of years. So I guess we continue to call it out, but it'd be up either way.
Robin Farley : And is the FCC drag, is that right thinking that it would only be about 1% -- somewhere in the 1% range or...
David Bernstein : Yes, 1% on total net yields for the year. A little bit higher in the first half and a little bit lower in the second half.
Robin Farley : Okay. Great. And then by next year, by '24, is it fair to assume that there wouldn't be any FCC use after '23?
David Bernstein : Less than 0.1 point. It's minimal. It's just a few left over.
Operator: Next question from the line of Ben Chaiken with Credit Suisse.
Ben Chaiken : On the last couple of calls and this one, you've spoken about higher advertising expense. Are you able to ballpark either on net cruise cost, basis points or absolute dollars, what this incremental spend is? And then is it the right run rate? Or does it normalize in the future? And then I've got one quick follow-up.
David Bernstein : Yes. So the net -- on a net cruise cost basis, it's about versus 2019, 1.5 points, of net cruise cost increase. And as far as the run rate is concerned, Josh?
Josh Weinstein : Yes. So we're up 1.5 points, which means we're still spending less than others in the cruise space on a per ALBD basis. We're very pleased with the results because by very nature, we can throttle up and throttle back. We can literally take it quarter-by-quarter and work with the brands to understand what's working and what's not, some things. Frankly, didn't work as well as we had hoped. And so the brands have stopped doing it and they're leaning into other things. So it will be pretty fluid as what it should be. But what I can tell you, if you take a step back and you think about the results that we've experienced really over the last six months and accentuated over the last quarter, we think that's a significant tailwind for what the brands have been able to achieve.
Ben Chaiken : Understood. And then on the last call, you provided a fuel FX impact for 1Q relative to '19. You said it was 150 million. I think subsequent to that, it kind of moved to 181 million. What does it look like for 2Q at the moment? And then any color on 3Q, 4Q?
David Bernstein : So let me get the detailed numbers for you. You're talking about versus 2019?
Ben Chaiken : Yes. On the last call, you mentioned that -- you mentioned on the 4Q call, for 1Q, you said there'd be $150 million headwind relative to 1Q '19 for FX and fuel.
David Bernstein : Yes. Okay.
Ben Chaiken : I'm saying what does that look like for 2Q at the moment? And then what -- any color on 3Q, 4Q would be very helpful as well.
David Bernstein : So Q2 would be about $75 million of fuel and currency headwinds. I don't have Q3 and Q4, but I can give you the full year. Let's see. For the full year, fuel and currency is -- let's see, it's $430 million, call it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour.
Brandt Montour : So just starting with yields, the fleet overhaul that you guys did in during the pandemic hypothetically would have a large positive mixed impact for net yields now versus '19. It's a little hard to see that in your guidance, but there's plenty of residual drag in '23 and obviously much of the book was put in place before the advertising push, right, in last year. So I guess when you adjust out all of the drags that you have this year and maybe take out Australia and Asia and Eastern Europe, are you seeing -- do you feel like you're seeing a tailwind -- a material tailwind from that overhaul? 
Josh Weinstein: So, the answer is yes, we do. And one of the difficulties of looking at a four-year period and trying to piece together everything that builds up to where we are, I mean there's a lot that's happened over a four-year period. You think about, when you just say exclude Asia and exclude Australia's restart and then exclude St. Petersburg, and which was 7.5% of our business in 2019 Q3, there's quite a lot that we have overcome in order to be able to deliver higher per diems as we get to close the gap. So, we can probably banter you and I, I see you enough Brandt, we can banter about all the bits and pieces that go in different directions, but I think we've tried to boil it down to what we think are the real drivers of the business. 
Brandt Montour: And then maybe just a follow-up to Ben's question on looking at EBITDA per ALBD ex-fuel and FX, I noticed that, Josh, your commentary about exiting the year, rivaling 4Q '19 was -- that commentary was essentially unchanged from three months ago. But again, three months ago was before this record wave season. I guess the question is, do you feel any better about that comment three months later?
Josh Weinstein : Yes. You bet I do. So we're working hard. We outperformed in the first quarter. We're expecting 50 and we got to 60. We're about 2/3 forecasted for the second quarter on that basis. And we're just working -- everybody is working incredibly hard to make that come to fruition as quickly as we can.
Operator: Next question from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva : Congratulations on the very good results for Q1. Josh, I had a question kind of longer term question again, in terms of new builds. Given the fact that it usually takes three to four years from the point when we put in the order, are you thinking of -- and again with the treasury background being more conservative, are you thinking of continuing to sort of reduce the rate of new build growth, the capacity growth, or can we see acceleration once we get to investment grade? 
Josh Weinstein: We tried to, I think, give that philosophy by using our one to two ships a year once we start ordering again. And so, by its very nature that will be a lower capacity rate of increase than we have experienced for a very, very long time. I feel, with four ships on order, plus a small expedition ship and that's it through 2025, we know we're not getting anything for '26, '27 to push, we'll see. It sets us up incredibly well to be able to generate free cash flow, pay down debt.  As David mentioned, our EBITDA increases, get back to 3.5x debt to EBITDA, and be much better positioned to be making new build decisions frankly for the future. 
Assia Georgieva : Okay, that makes perfect sense. I believe that in the past we were looking to maybe one or two ships per year per brand as opposed to per the corporate entity? 
Josh Weinstein : No, no, no, no. That would have been a much higher growth rate. We were probably somewhere between three and five ships a year depending on the brand. Remember, we have nine brands. So we've got plenty to diversify our newbuild growth strategy over time.
Operator: Next question from the line of Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Grambling : Just thinking about the ship pipeline. You talked about the gross adds, but the other side of the equation is any attrition. Are we now in the normal retirement cycle for the fleet where we should more or less expect maybe one to two per year? Or did you pull forward some retirements that could actually be lower going forward?
Josh Weinstein : Yes, we definitely pulled forward some ships that could have been done at a later time. So not anticipating anything of significance over the next couple of years, and then we'll probably pick back up the cadence that you're talking about over time, but nothing imminent.
Stephen Grambling : That's helpful. And then you talked about a few of the non-ship related projects, Grand Bahama, private islands, et cetera. Can you talk a bit more about how those could potentially impact yields and how the investments may compare to what you've done in the past?
Josh Weinstein : Yes. Well, I mean, as a starting point, we have a phenomenal footprint in the Caribbean. I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Half Moon Cay being pretty much a jewel of the Caribbean in the Bahamas. With the ability for us to generate more differentiated experiences through Grand port, that will absolutely help the Carnival Cruise Line brand, not only on the yield side, but also on the cost side. We're talking about being able to put another incredibly attractive destination in a very short distance from South Florida, the East Coast of the United States, which helps us tremendously on the cost side, on the carbon footprint side. And with what we're doing on Half Moon Cay, by adding a pier, that will open up a lot more opportunity for us to bring bigger ships to that island, more guests, a better guest experience and more opportunity to generate not only enhanced ticket pricing because of that, but also onboard spend in the form of spending on board our destinations.
Operator: Next question from the line of Chris Stathoulopoulos with Susquehanna.
Chris Stathoulopoulos : Josh, you spent a lot of time going through these various revenue and marketing initiatives in your prepared remarks. Could you help frame or give some color, as we think about the guide here for EBITDA for the full year, how we should perhaps we could put those in buckets, how we should think about incremental revenue for these initiatives here versus any cost and efficiency related efforts net of what's, as you said, likely to be elevated marketing costs for the midterm?
Josh Weinstein : So I'm going to try to answer your question. Some of the things that the brands have been working on, what we've seen is a fairly immediate in-year benefit, right? The ability for us to be better at our search engine optimization, driving more people to be looking for us to begin with. We can measure those things, and we can see results. There are other things that we're doing specifically with respect to introducing fare types that brands have never had before, some brands doing non-refundable deposit fares, that have never done that. We can weigh that up in here pretty quickly. There are other things that are going to be having impacts not just for this year, but frankly, on a much longer-term basis as well, primarily around how we're managing our booking curve and being able to extend that out further, being able to be better differentiated in the market, driving more demand over time. So candidly, I'm not sure I'm answering your question, but I don't think it's so easy to try to fit into particular buckets of particularly for this year, if that's what you were looking for.
David Bernstein : The only thing I want to add is that there are a lot of different efforts -- efficiency efforts going on all around the company. We did build all of that into our cost guidance. Remember, the cost numbers, as Josh pointed out, are over a four-year period. This is in comparison to 2019. So there has been a lot of inflation during that four years. But we have built a lot of efficiencies as well.
Josh Weinstein : Yes. And taking a step back from advertising, but just the concept of how are we looking at our business overall we've tried to stress throughout. We're starting with an industry-leading cost structure, and we certainly want to maintain that. We're always looking from an operational standpoint, how can we do better? How can we improve? And we're doing things like benchmarking, the same class of ships across multiple brands. We're looking at ways to further leverage our spend through our global sourcing initiatives. That's ongoing, and that will continue, some of which the benefit we know we're seeing already. Some of which will factor in as we make our way through 2023 and really start benefiting in 2024.
Chris Stathoulopoulos : Okay. And to follow up, a little bit of a tougher or more direct question, if you will. So your capacity guide is up about 1.5 points from December. The cost guide is up and there's some confusion around here around your brand and cabin mix, if you will. And I think part of the reason, if we look at January into mid-February around some of the enthusiasm around the stock was at that time, that 3% or kind of sort of a typical capacity guide for Carnival and believe that, that would help sort of accelerate your unit margin recovery. So what would you say in response? And this is a question I've gone today that sort of Carnival -- liquidity, I would say, for the first half, at least risk here is off the table. But what would you say in response to that with the guidance update today that Carnival is not going to revert back to its sort of old playbook, if you will? And then what I mean by that is really just some of the numbers here where we have the 4.5 or mid-single-digit capacity growth and the higher cost guide and then concern around the pricing integrity here?
Josh Weinstein : Sure. So just to be clear, the only difference in our capacity from what we were saying last quarter until now is because of the strength in demand that we're seeing for the cost of brand because of what we've been doing. We have the opportunity to introduce a ship earlier than we expected, which is going to actually help liquidity because it's going to drive EBITDA. So we feel very, very good about that decision. We actually have a track record of doing real well on the cost side. So I think if we can maintain that type of discipline, then we'll be well served. Everything else that we talked about in the last quarter still holds. We're more enthusiastic now given the fact that we just had record breaking wave, brands are more set in their plans, and we're pushing forward.
David Bernstein : And I would like to add on the cost. The majority of the increase was associated with higher occupancy. And remember, we put together our forecast back last November. We give -- we have our earnings call in December, very early in the month. And so that was a forecast that we had put together prior to Black Friday, Cyber Monday and all of the record bookings that we saw throughout December, January and February. So when you've got extra occupancy on board the ship, your costs are going to go up on a unit basis a little bit because remember, the ALBDs don't change or the denominator doesn't change. So it's all very good news, driving adjusted EBITDA higher, driving liquidity -- improved liquidity. And so we are far more confident than we -- today than we were back in December, as Josh indicated before.
Josh Weinstein : I think this has to be the last question. Operator? 
Operator: Yes, sir.
David Bernstein : One more question.
Operator: We'll take one more. The last question from the line of Paul Golding with Macquarie Capital.
Paul Golding : I wanted to ask around other ship operating from a dry dock perspective. Is there a potential quantification of this for us in terms of what's left? I think a lot of us were under the impression that through COVID and warm and cold layup, a lot of this has been worked through, and I recognize that this is for a reinstatement of the ship. But is there a way to quantify that? And then secondly, on marketing, anything we think about on cadence, not necessarily total spend, but cadence relative to the offset in Australia and Asia restarts as we look at the next year, year and change?
David Bernstein : Yes. So as far as dry dock is concerned, yes, there were a lot of ships that went into dry dock last year. But keep in mind, depending on the ship, depending on the age of the ship, either ships have to go into dry that once every five years or twice every five years. So it's -- there are lots of differences, and we're always going to have dry docks every year. They do vary, and we try to give an indication. 2022 was an unusually high year because of the restart, but we do expect that dry docks this year and every year thereafter on a regular basis as we go forward. And as far as the cadence on the restart is concerned?
Josh Weinstein : On the advertising front, it's pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter for the rest of the year. Things do slide from quarter-to-quarter, but nothing, I think, is worth pointing out.
David Bernstein : And our plans might change, as Josh indicated before. So it's very hard to give that level of detailed guidance.
Josh Weinstein : So with that, I have to say thanks, everybody, for joining and talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-12-21 10:00:00) =====
Josh Weinstein: Good morning. This is Josh Weinstein. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2022 Business Update Conference Call. Im joined today by our Chair, Micky Arison; our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and our Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Beth Roberts. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. Our business continues to accelerate on an upward trajectory as we rapidly close the gap to 2019. In fact, we are already exceeding 2019 revenue per diem, and were gaining momentum on our return to strong profitability. Taking a step back, this year, weve completed a monumental 18-month journey, and with our scale, what we believe to be the worlds largest start-up, returning 90 ships to service, re-boarding over 100,000 team members, and restarting our unmatched portfolio of 8 private islands and port destinations, plus our unrivaled land-based footprint in Alaska and the Yukon, all while welcoming back nearly 9 million guests. For that, I sincerely thank our global teams around the world for the ingenuity and sheer determination it took to see that through to completion. Throughout 2022, we have aggressively built occupancy from a 50-point gap in the first quarter to less than 20 points in the fourth quarter. We achieved this on growing capacity as we returned another 35% of our fleet to service in 2022, reaching 99% of our 2019 capacity levels during the fourth quarter. And on top of this, our constant dollar revenue per passenger cruise day was 2% higher than 2019s record levels for the full year and 4% higher in the fourth quarter, overcoming the dilutive effect of future cruise credits. Without this impact, each would have been two points higher, and in the process we sustained record breaking onboard revenue per diem significantly higher than 2019. Were also not losing sight of our cost base as weve worked through our restart and continue to absorb and mitigate the impacts of the high inflationary environment weve all been living in. Weve reduced the increase in adjusted cruise costs, excluding fuel per ALBD in constant currency from up 25% in Q1 to up 11% in Q4. Weve also significantly ramped up our advertising and sales support to drive future demand. Thanks to this, and the hard work of our amazing trade partners, our percentage of first time guests has continued to sequentially improve, closing the gap to 2019 levels. And weve been working smarter with our shoreside teams headcount already having been significantly reduced from 2019 levels for some time now. We delivered stunning new flagships for five of our brands, including Carnival Celebration, AIDAcosma, Costa Toscana, and Discovery Princess, as well as our first luxury expedition ship, the finest in the world, Seabourn Venture. All of these ships were purpose-built to generate higher returns. We broke ground on a new exclusive destination, Grand Bahama port, which will be a game changer for Carnival Cruise Line, while at the same time benefiting more than ever from our existing private islands and unique port destinations, which captured 6 million visits from our guests and all while working to minimize our environmental impact, with a 7% reduction in carbon intensity, a 30% reduction in food waste, and 290 million less single use items compared to our baseline. Most importantly, we are back to doing what we do best, delivering millions of unforgettable and much needed vacation experiences to our guests. And we are truly a global company with 45% of those guests who are outside of North America in 2019. In fact, we practically carried more people outside the U.S. than any of our peers carried in total. We believe that having the number one or two brands in each of the largest cruise markets such as North America, the UK, Germany, Australia, Italy, France, and Spain, is the foundation of our portfolio strategy and allows us to tailor our experiences and offerings to those specific source markets, enabling us to generate stronger brand loyalty and gain greater penetration and profit. In this current environment though, there are two factors that have had an outsized impact on our results: an uneven reopening of cruise travel around the world in the aftermath of COVID; and the more direct impact the war in the Ukraine has had on European countries. While all of our brands are on an upward trajectory, the pace of the recovery has trailed for those brands most heavily exposed to these factors. In 2019, one-third of our non-North American guests, 2 million people came from Australia, Asia, and the Baltics. The vast majority of these guests were sourced through Costa and Princess, representing 40% of Costas guests and 25% of Princess guests. At this point in time, Australias reopening is where North America was a year ago, and Japan is closer to two years behind. The lagging reopening of these markets has triggered multiple changes in deployment and guest sourcing approaches as we anticipate the impacts will continue to be felt, particularly for the first half of 2023. Of course, China also has yet to reopen, given Costas significant presence in Asia with five ships planned to operate there year round pre-pause, weve taken actions to right size the Costa brand with the removal of another two smaller, less efficient ships from the Costa fleet. This is in addition to the previously announced three ships transferring to our highly successful Carnival Cruise Line brand. This positions Costa well with a competitive fleet with closer to home deployments focused on its core markets in continental Europe. We have already been encouraged by the recent strength in booking volumes for the Costa brand. In fact, last month Costas booking volumes in these core markets were above 2019 levels for the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023 as they navigate a closer-in booking curve. The war in the Ukraine remains concerning for us all, and especially those in the affected regions. Given the closer proximity for both Costa and our German brand, AIDA, the war and associated impacts have weighed heavily on consumer confidence in those regions, resulting in greater uncertainty and closer-in booking patterns. To help manage, weve made strategic deployment decisions, leaning into more itineraries that homeport where the guests originate, as well as shorter duration cruises helping us to reduce the friction of air travel, lower the overall cost, and facilitate a closer in booking environment. We believe this positions us well to attract more new to cruise guests and make us even more of a value proposition versus land based alternatives by bringing our ships closer to where our guests live. We have furthered our fleet optimization efforts again this quarter, bringing the cumulative number of ship disposition since the pause 26 when coupled with a delivery of larger, more efficient ships, including the successful introduction of Carnival Celebration last month, and the addition of Arvia for P&O Cruises just last week. This will result in nearly a quarter of our fleet consisting of new capacity. This fleet transformation results in an 8 percentage-point increase in balcony cabins, along with a tremendous increase in available real estate onboard to deliver even more differentiated onboard experiences and generate associated revenues contributing to durable revenue growth going forward. We will also benefit from lower ship level unit costs that help to mitigate inflation with 9 percentage points higher fuel efficiency, and 6 percentage points greater efficiency in remaining operating costs. Our revenue generation will also benefit from the launch of Carnival Venezias Fun Italian Style in New York. The program is off to a great start, having been met with strong demand and high prices, building confidence in prospects for this creative initiative. Overall, in 2023, well have just 3% capacity growth compared to 2019, while still retaining the excitement and demand from 12 fantastic ships delivered -- 2020. And thanks to portfolio optimization effort, our capacity growth is weighted toward three of the highest returning brands: Carnival Cruise Line, AIDA, and P&O Cruises UK. There is no doubt 30-year assets will hold dividends along our path to strong profitability as we build demand and generate higher revenue yields over time. Having said that, brand by brand, there is high-capacity growth that we are managing in 2023. In this transition year, P&O Cruises is absorbing 40% more capacity than 2019, thanks to Iona and Arvia. AIDA has 20% more capacity at the start of the year. Costa will have significantly more capacity in its core markets versus 2019 as the full benefits of our fleet optimization program wont be completely felt until 2024. And Princess will source more heavily than ever before from North America, given its source market disruptions. As I mentioned on the previous call, to help support this growth and to drive overall revenue generation, Ive actively been working with each brand on their strategies and roadmaps. As a result, I have authorized our brands to take a significant step up in advertising activities, including a nearly 20% increase in our investment this past quarter over 2019, to elevate awareness and consideration and to drive demand for both, the near and the longer term. This should be particularly impactful with those new to cruise where we draw about one third of our guests as we position to take share from land-based alternatives. We are capitalizing on the 25% to 50% value gap to land-based alternatives that frankly should not exist with new marketing campaigns to communicate our significant value advantage to land-based alternatives, including newly launched digital creatives from several brands. We plan to continue these increased investments in advertising as we head into next year to promote a strong wave season where we capture disproportionately higher bookings for the year, particularly our important summer season. Having been in pause status for the better part of two years, we are also rebuilding top of funnel demand to the army of advocates coming off our ships every day, recommending our cruise vacations, a renewed focus on our trade relationships and a growing sales force. On the revenue management side, we are ensuring that each brand is utilizing pricing philosophies to maximize revenue from launch to sailing and sharing best practices across brands. Our teams are focused on higher value add from bundle packages supported by a market to fill approach and consistently capturing incremental revenue streams from many initiatives such as more robust cabin upgrade programs. While building back demand and enhancing our yield management tools and strategies, we are optimizing the combination of occupancy, ticket and onboard to deliver revenue to the bottom line in the near-term while maintaining price integrity for the long-term. Given the close-in nature of the booking curve from the disruption caused by the Omicron variant earlier this year, and the friction from protocols in effect through the bulk of the year, most brands have leaned heavily into opaque distribution channels, like our friends and family rates, which allow us to achieve higher occupancy and resultant onboard revenue while still preserving pricing power over time as they are rates that are not offered in the general marketplace. These channels are beneficial in reaching higher occupancy levels and higher onboard revenues, particularly for our North American brands. Booking volumes have already strengthened following the relaxation in protocols. Cancellation trends are improving globally and we have seen a measurable lengthening in the booking curve. This applies across the board. Since the start of the year, our EA brands have pushed the booking curve out and narrowed the gap by more than a month, while our North American brands have pushed the curve out and narrowed that gap by two months, now nearing 2019 lead times. We enjoyed a strong response to our recent Black Friday and Cyber Monday activities, and the momentum has continued into December, building our base occupancy and marking an early start to a strong wave season ahead. It is important to recognize much of the first half of 2023 was booked prior to the relaxation in protocols. And in actuality, many of these first half cruises are still implementing certain more restricted protocols given the itinerary profiles consist of lengthier exotic deployment, including our long-awaited return to world cruises and long winter deployments for our European brands operating from colder climates. And much of this relies heavily on long haul flights, which are not conducive to a closer-in booking environment. Nonetheless, we expect our first quarter occupancy gap to 2019 to be reduced even further and on higher net per diems, on our way to historical occupancies in the summer. This bodes well for 2023 overall, as we expect more markets to open for cruise travel, protocols to continue to relax, our closer to home itineraries play out, and our brands continue to hone all aspects of their revenue generating activities. And as we continue to invest to build demand, we are positioned to pull back on promotions and opaque channels to drive meaningful ticket price improvement over time. On a complementary basis, our industry leading operating costs and fuel consumption for ALBD set us up to effectively deliver more of this revenue to the bottom line. Normalizing for 2019 fuel price and currency changes, which provides a better sense of the strength of the underlying fundamentals of the business and our progress, we expect adjusted EBITDA per ALBD to reach 50% of 2019 levels in the first quarter of 2023 with sequential quarterly improvement as we progress through 2023 that should rival 2019 levels by the end of the year. Turning to capital expenditures, we actively managed down our spend by over $500 million during 2022, and weve taken a hard look at 2023 and beyond and reshaped investment spending by $300 million annually for a cumulative reduction of $1.7 billion. We have reprioritized project lists and hurdle rates to reflect the current environment while absolutely maintaining our commitments to excellence in compliance, protecting the environment, and the safety and wellbeing of our guests, team members and communities we serve. Going forward, we are committed to using our expected cash flow strength to repair the balance sheet over time and will be disciplined and rigorous in making new build decisions accordingly. We have just four ships on order through 2025 plus our second incredible Seabourn luxury expedition ship to be delivered in 2023. This is our lowest order book in decades. We dont expect any new ships in 2026 and anticipate just one or two new builds each year for several years thereafter. Turning back to our operating performance, we are effectively addressing near term challenges in the post pause transition with higher first quarter net per diems expected and have been reshaping our portfolio to drive revenue growth as we return to historically high occupancy levels and delivering measurable pricing improvements over time. We are fast tracking our momentum by investing in marketing and sales support to effectively communicate the amazing vacation experiences we deliver day in and day out, offering an unparalleled level of convenience and personalized service and at way too good of a relative value to land-based alternatives at every price point from mass contemporary to ultra luxury. Overall, we remain focused on driving revenue growth that hits the bottom line and accelerating our return to strong profitability. And over time, this revenue generation, our industry-leading cost base, and our more focused capital expenditure profile will support significant free cash flow and propel us on the path to deleveraging investment grade credit ratings and higher ROIC. This has been a truly remarkable year, and we have come a long way in incredibly short amount of time. These efforts highlight what weve always known, our people are our greatest asset, and now they are armed with an even greater skill set built up over the last few years, creativity, agility, and perseverance that will help push us forward. Were looking forward to 2023 and are positioning for our first strong wave season in four years, enabling us to deliver a strong summer period where we generate the bulk of our operating profit for the year. With that, Id like to turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. Ill start today with a recap of our cumulative book position and our financial position. Then Ill provide some color on 2023. Turning to our cumulative book position. Marking an early start to wave season, we ended the year with multiple brands breaking records on very strong Black Friday and Cyber Monday booking volume. Our full year 2023 cumulative advanced book position is at higher prices and constant currency normalized for FCCs when compared to strong 2019 pricing and is higher than the historical average book position. The second, third, and fourth quarters all have a book position that are above the historical average, while the first quarter 2023 book position was impacted by heightened protocols during its prime booking period, which have since been responsibly relaxed. As a result of the relaxation of the protocols, booking volumes for first quarter 2023 along with all future sailings have increased. Therefore, we expect to continue reducing our occupancy GAAP in first quarter 2023 to 2019 by nearly 5 percentage points from fourth quarter 2022. The strong cumulative book position has resulted in total customer deposits hitting a fourth quarter record of $5.1 billion as of November 30, 2022, surpassing the previous record of $4.9 billion as of November 30, 2019. Next, lets talk about our financial position. During 2022, we continue to take refinancing risk off the table by addressing our 2023 debt maturities and getting ahead of our 2024 maturities. As a result of this, we ended the fourth quarter of 2022 with $8.6 billion of liquidity. Looking forward, we expect to turn free cash flow positive in the back half of 2023 and continue to be free cash flow positive in 2024 and beyond. We anticipate utilizing this free cash flow to delever our balance sheet on our path back to an investment grade credit rating. Now, Ill finish up with some color on 2023. For first quarter 2023, we expect capacity growth to be 3.7%, when compared to first quarter 2019 and 3.3% for the full year 2023 as compared to the full year 2019. During 2023, we expect to continue to close the gap on occupancy to 2019 levels. Occupancy for first quarter 2023 is expected to be 90% or slightly higher just a 14 percentage-point gap or better. As I said before, this would be nearly a 5 percentage-point improvement from the fourth quarter 2022 gap, but that is not enough. We are working hard and expect to close the GAAP to 2019 with occupancy returning to historical levels in the summer of 2023. On the pricing front, first quarter 2023, we expect net per diems to be a 5.5% to 6.5% in constant currency, and 3% to 4% in current dollars as compared to first quarter 2019, a great accomplishment as we start the New Year. However, net per diems for first quarter 2023 are expected to benefit from brand mix when compared with first quarter 2019. During 2023, while our European brands expect onboard and other revenue per diems to be up significantly versus 2019 as they were in 2022 and as has been the case with our North American brands, absolute onboard spending on our European brands is less than that on our North American brands. Our European brand guests tend to drink a little more, but gamble a lot less. As the European brands catch up on occupancy with our North American brands during the second and third quarters and fill their ships, they will make up a larger percentage of the total changing the per passenger average. And with their historically lower onboard revenue per diems, we will no longer benefit from the brand mix. Also for 2023, we do anticipate returning to non-GAAP financial measures to report revenue performance and use net per diems as opposed to revenue per passenger cruise day we used in 2022. For 2023, we once again expect the onboard and other revenue per diems to be up significantly versus 2019, helping to drive the net per diems up. However, as I indicated in the past, as we change the bundled package offerings, we reevaluate the revenue accounting allocations. As a result, in 2023, more of the revenue will be left in ticket and less allocated to onboard, impacting the onboard in other revenue per diem comparisons to both 2022 and 2019. Just another reason to add to the list of reasons why the best way to judge our revenue performance is by reference to our total cruise revenue metrics, such as net per diems.  Now turning to cost. Off the base of our industry-leading cost structure, adjusted cruise costs without fuel per ALBD for the full-year 2023 versus 2019 are expected to be up 5% to 6% in current dollars and 7.5 to 8.5 in constant currency. For the first quarter 2023, the ranges are up one point less driven by lower dry dock cost per ALBD versus first quarter 2019, but first quarter 2023 does include an over 30% increase in advertising to further accelerate demand. There are three main drivers of the cost increase. First, our forecast is for an average mid-teen level of inflation across all our cost categories globally. Second, our decision to further invest in advertising to drive demand in pricing in 2023 and beyond is expected to add 1 to 2 percentage points the cost per ALBD. And third deployment optimization and other small investments are likely to add 1 percentage point. Significantly mitigating these increases are our fleet optimization program that is expected to drive a 6 percentage point improvement in ship operating costs per ALBD, that is worth 4.5 points of adjusted cruise costs without fuel per ALBD, and the creativity resourcefulness and hard work by our global teams producing, sourcing and productivity savings of approximately 4 percentage points, a great accomplishment. I would like to say thank you to all the team members who contributed to this effort. The details of depreciation and amortization, interest expense and fuel expense can be found in the business update press release we issued earlier this morning in the section titled Selected Forecast Information. So, I will not walk you through all the numbers. However, for those of you modeling our fuel expense, please note that we expect MGO to represent about 40% of fuel consumption for 2023. However, that percentage may be slightly higher during the early part of the year. While were on the subject of fuel consumption, I would like to recognize everyone on our global team who contributed to the expected 15% reduction in both, fuel consumption per ALBD and carbon emissions per ALBD for the full year 2023, both as compared to 2019. We are working aggressively to drive down our carbon footprint, fuel consumption and costs through technology upgrades being rolled out like the Air Lubrication Systems mentioned in this mornings business update along with investing in port and destination projects, and even more focused on itinerary optimization across our portfolio of brands, while realizing the benefits of our fleet optimization efforts, so that everyone can fully understand the underlying strength of our business. I did want to point out that for 2023 versus 2019 at current fuel prices and FX rates, we did expect a negative impact from fuel price, fuel mix and currency of approximately $150 million for first quarter and an impact that is multiple times that for the full year, including a full year currency impact of over $70 million. Putting all these factors together, we expect $250 million to $350 million of adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter 2023 and sequential improvement compared to 2019 in each quarter of 2023 as we continue to close the gap. However, given the significance of the wave season ahead of us, we will be in a much better position to provide full year guidance for net per diems, occupancy and EBITDA early next year. We plan on providing that guidance during our first quarter business update in March. And now, operator, lets open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Wieczynski: Good morning, Josh and David. So, I guess, the first question would be around the marketing spend for 2023. And I guess, we were thinking that marketing would be accelerated throughout the fourth quarter of 22 and then into the first quarter of 23 and then start to fall off some. But it sounds like you guys might be keeping marketing spend pretty high throughout the entire 2023 year. And guess -- the question is maybe why are you keeping it so high for the full year? And is there any way to understand maybe what that cost cadence will look like throughout next year? Just wondering if there are any quarters that were -- spend levels for marketing or other costs might be higher or lower? I hope that all makes sense.
Josh Weinstein: So with respect to the advertising in 2023, if you saw the materials that have been put on the website, weve been ratcheting up across -- across all of 2022. And we are very excited about the momentum that weve got. Weve already started the wave season incredibly strong with our Black Friday, Cyber Monday and really just the whole book position thats moved nicely in the month of November. And we think that advertising has a good amount to do with that to really reach first timers, generate awareness, generate consideration and doing so in a really meaningful way. And I think its -- weve got great brands. I mean weve got tremendous brands, but we need to do a better job getting the voice out. And this is a good way to do it. And it helps not just us, it helps our trade partners. It helps the bookings across the board. So, as far as how well look at it across 2023, weve given you the guidance specifically for the first quarter. The great thing about advertising is we can dial up, dial down across the board where its working and where we dont think its having as much of an impact. But right now, the activities that were doing, both in the mainstream media side and then the digital and performance marketing, its really starting to hit our stride. So, were pretty pleased with the results.
David Bernstein: Yes. Steve, the only other additional color that Id add to that is, remember, Ive said historically, the best way to judge our cost structure is the full year, and I gave you the guidance there of 1 to 2-point increase. The problem with the seasonality is as we go along, we make decisions that are most appropriate and we remain agile and flexible. But with that said, I will say that the advertising is likely on a quarterly basis to be the highest in the first quarter and the lowest in the third quarter. But the third quarter traditionally has always been a low quarter in terms of advertising. So, thats probably the best guidance we can give you at this point.
Steve Wieczynski: And to follow up on that, I guess, as we kind of think a little bit further down the road, I mean if you guys kind of get back to those normalized load factors and demand still looks pretty solid through the majority of 23. Would you expect as we get to 24 that you would be able to pull back a good bit on that marketing spend?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. I mean, its certainly within our control. Ultimately, were not just trying to get back to occupancy levels that are historical. Were trying to really drive the unit pricing as well. And so advertising is a big component of that. So, were -- I hope were having that conversation in six months, Steve.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. And then just one quick housekeeping, if possible. David, the 2 ships that are leaving Costa, were they sold, or are they just going to be scrapped?
David Bernstein: No. So, we announced 3 ships in total and 2 of them, we actually have a contract for at the moment and one were working on -- a contract for sale.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: There were a couple of kind of really key things that I just -- I wonder if you could clarify for us. First, the comment on 23 price -- that its higher, I think you say adjusted for FCC. So, including the impact of that discount, which probably would only be 1% or 2% at this point, is your price on the books in 23 in constant currency higher than 19, including that? And then, Im just -- I guess Im a little surprised that theres no yield guidance for Q1 because you gave a lot of detail to get to the EBITDA line, including occupancy, and I havent been able to do all the math since the release is only out for a few minutes before the call. But it seems like you have a yield in mind for Q1, and it would be sort of 80% plus book by now. So, I just wonder if you could help us with the sort of a range of what might get to the EBITDA that youre talking about just to help us check our math? And then lastly, the comment on EBITDA, its like -- so the guidance for Q1, up $250 million to $350 million and then up sequentially each quarter after that. It is -- I wonder if you could just help us with a floor like on a full year basis, can we -- youre comfortable that you would be higher than $3 billion in EBITDA for the full year. Like in other words, that sort of up sequentially each quarter, could still get to sort of quite a low EBITDA number for the full year? And I just wonder if you could help give us a floor. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Hey Robin, how are you doing? That was a lot of questions. So, let me start backwards because I can remember the first -- the last one. So, with respect to EBITDA, what we tried to convey is on a performance basis, on a unit performing basis, when you strip out the noise of fuel and currency, whats our trajectory and how are we looking at things? And so, we said on that basis, wed get back to 50% of 2019 levels in Q1 and sequentially throughout the year, continue to close that gap to 2019. I am certainly hopeful in pushing that were going to exceed 2019 levels by the time we get to Q4, but weve got a lot of work to do to be able to do that. With respect to your question about yield guidance, just to make sure were not -- so do you want to do that?
David Bernstein: Yes. Robin, I guess -- maybe you missed the part in my notes where I did talk about this. I said specifically that we expect net per diems to be up 5.5% to 6.5% in constant currency. And that does translate to 3% to 4% in constant dollars. Now, we gave per diems, but of course, we also gave the occupancy of 90% or slightly higher in the press release. So, you can calculate the revenue associated with that. And as far as the booking trends are concerned, youre right. We did indicate that the FCCs would be less than 1 point for the year. And the book -- the pricing would still be up even if we didnt add back the FCCs. Were still at higher prices. I think that covers all of your questions. Any follow-up?
Robin Farley: That does. I have more, but I will get back in the queue. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Okay. Great.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Fred Wightman: I just wanted to sort of follow up and build on the occupancy ramp. If we look just from 3Q to 4Q, 10 points of improvement, if we look at sort of what you guys are expecting in 1Q, it sort of 5-ish percent. So, can you just sort of walk us through whats driving that lower sequential improvement relative to the 2019 levels? And maybe how we should think about that in the context of the expectation that you guys are going to be back to sort of full occupancy over the summer?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Sure, Fred. So one thing to think about when you think about our Q1 deployment profile, it is very different from what we typically have the rest of the year. Weve got actually 9 ships in Q1 on World Cruises, another 4 ships on 70-plus night Grand Voyages and then a host of ships that are doing longer exotic voyages, 35-nighters, 28-nighters. And so, with that profile, those are longer lead time type of itineraries, some bucket list types of things. And so, it is progressing for Q1 exactly where we thought it would be with respect to closing the occupancy gap given the dynamic of that itinerary profile. And as we get into Q2, those have stopped or wind down and we get back to the cadence that we expect.
Fred Wightman: Understood. That makes sense. And just on the booking momentum, there was a comment in the release just talking about November booking volumes exceeding 2019 levels. Also a comment about momentum continuing into December. Are December bookings still above 2019 levels, or did those sort of tail off after some of the promos in November?
David Bernstein: No. Theyve continued very strong, and theyve continued well above the 2019 level. So, were very pleased with the overall position and the bookings that are coming in to date.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Two quick ones. I think in the past, youve referenced getting back to 10% ROIC. If you could just talk about the path there and the puts and takes on what has to happen for that to occur? And then second, with respect to the advertising, do you have any sort of measurements or metrics that you -- that are shareable that demonstrate or confirm some of the productivity around that? And thats it for me. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, David. With respect to the advertising, our brands -- without wanting to give away competitive positions, our brands are tracking with respect to awareness and consideration, which has a correlation to booking. They track lead generations, they track conversion -- track conversions on websites, they track via performance tied deals in the marketplace, and we actually know exactly what the impact is from the activities that we are taking. So, we do have them across the board, and we follow them and we discuss them with the brands, and thats how we make decisions with them about where it is effective and where it might not be effective. And whats great about us having 9 brands sharing amongst themselves, whats working and whats not working, so we can learn from each other. With respect to the ROIC, its revenue. I mean revenue is the thing thats going to drive us back to double-digit ROIC. David mentioned our industry-leading cost base. That will continue to be a focus, of course. But really, its going to be the revenue and thats where our brands are focused.
David Bernstein: And one thing, David, Id like to add on the advertising front. One thing weve been tracking is we take a look at our book position for 2023. And in the last 6 months, since we have increased the advertising, we have seen a shift and a lot more new to brands. In fact, its an 8-percentage-point improvement. So at this point in time, what were seeing for the 2023 book position is that its roughly half of the guests are repeat royal guests and the other half are new to brand. Unfortunately, these people have an old sail. So, I dont know whether theyre new to cruise or theyre brand switchers, well find that out shortly as they sail. But the fact is -- were getting a lot of great demand and were seeing it in the booking volumes.
Josh Weinstein: And thats an indication also of the growing health of our trade partners because they are a huge piece of our ability to drive first timers on board. So, a shout out to them as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz: In the prepared remarks, there was a comment on reprioritizing project list. Is there anything noteworthy to update us on maybe what you guys are shifting focus on or shifting focus away from, anything sizable there?
David Bernstein: So, theres -- I think a lot of the stuff is timing. From a big perspective, if you look at the change in the CapEx, a lot of that had to do with the fact that 26 ships have left their fleet, they were smaller, less efficient ships. And therefore, we dont necessarily need the overall CapEx number as high as we had previously. But when it comes time to prioritizing it, its also a timing issue and doing the things that are most important first. And thats some of the reason why you saw the CapEx come down in 2022. The only noticeable thing that where really -- as far as our office space, clearly, with the new ways of working in todays environment, were significantly reducing the amount of CapEx that well probably need to expand our offices as we continue to grow.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. We -- I can give you an example of where we would and where we wouldnt prioritize. So, we talk in the press release and some of our prepared remarks about the impact were making on are carbon footprint and the fuel consumption that drives that. Thats going to continue full steam ahead. We see, a, great returns in that; and b, doing our part on the sustainability front, which is critical to our long-term success as well. There could be things that when it comes to making a decision about the speed at which we want to introduce new venues on board of a particular brand, we can pace those out differently. We can take a little bit less risk on trial and error of creating new experiences. So, its all a question of what we think the appropriate return could be, where we want to take risk and where we just want to be more focused on managing the cash balance.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then I know theres been a lot of discussion on marketing spend. And Im not sure if you guys have directionally elaborated on maybe the ROI of marketing spend, there seems to be a pretty decent push to sourcing more North American consumers across the cruise operator landscape. And so, Im wondering if the marketing spend is as productive as it has been historically or if you expect that to be maybe temporarily depressed before you can prune that back? Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Well, I can repeat what we said, which is we are spending more, and we are very happy with the results, and well keep monitoring it and adjusting as appropriate. But we feel real good about our brands to strengthen the market and our ability to champion them with additional advertising.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: So Josh, I want to dig into the opportunity a little bit more on the marketing front as well. If you were to try and isolate how much of the opaque channel mix shift youre doing now versus 19, that additional mix to that channel and trying to isolate the upside to that -- those per diems just from taking off the additional sort of, again, opaque channel promo activity. Is there a way to sort of give us that level of magnitude for that opportunity when you are able to remove the rest of that?
Josh Weinstein: Id love to give you a straight answer, but I got to be honest. So Im not sure that I could in a way that I feel comfortable will make sense in a short amount of time.
David Bernstein: So Brandt, I know thats like another way of asking us what is our yield guidance for the rest of the year. The one thing I do want to point out, which I said in my prepared remarks is that we will -- and wave season is important, and we will give guidance for the net per diems and occupancy and EBITDA for the balance of the year. However, we did give the net per diem guidance for the first quarter, as I reiterated before, when Robin asked the question. And one thing I do want to point out is that I also mentioned that the first quarter benefited by brand mix. And that brand mix was worth about 2 points, and so as you think through the balance of the year, there will be positives as what youre just describing. But as you think through that, please take that into consideration as we forecast the year, the per diem now.
Josh Weinstein: And I guess I could say looking backwards and you look at our trajectory from Q3 to Q4, we are pulling back, right, and thats helping improve our per diems. And well -- I mean, the great thing is its pretty easy to turn on and turn off. And so far, as we get into this wave season, the momentum is good. It gives us -- it gives us a lot of excitement about being able to pull that further as we get into 2023.
Brandt Montour: Okay. That was really helpful. The second question I have is related to China. You guys -- it looks like the 2 ships that we didnt know where they were going to go are now being removed. And so that means that theres no near or maybe even medium-term plans to return to China. Do you guys consider China still a medium to longer-term opportunity for you? And are you watching that market closely to potentially go back eventually to alleviate supply pressures in other markets, or how are you thinking about that market now?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. I mean, look, the great thing about our assets, theyre mobile and weve moved them to optimize our demand and our revenue generation. If and when China opens up again and opens up not just to domestic cruising, but really opens up, well certainly look at that, but were not relying on it. Were not counting on it. We have -- we are the number 1 or 2 brand in all the major cruise markets today, and we like that position, and were going to push hard on increasing our penetration there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of James Hardiman with Citi. Please go ahead.
James Hardiman: So, there was a comment in the prepared remarks about discounting through opaque booking channels. That seems like an important comment. I know criticism by at least one of your competitors is that you guys have been discounting in such a way that its going to be difficult to recover from that anytime soon. It seems like you disagree with that criticism. But also, it seems like, if I look at the big difference between 3Q and 4Q, its sort of the turnaround in those per diems, which is obviously a focus for you guys. So maybe speak to that strategy and your level of confidence that its ultimately going to pay off?
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So, Ill speak for ourselves. I wont speak for anybody else. We are a global company. We have a different profile than our competitors. With respect to how our brands are optimizing revenue, which is price, it is occupancy and onboard spending. They are all using different levers and different mechanisms, including opaque channels, which, as you just referenced, weve been able to pull back over time without much of a problem. We focus on the revenue that is going to get to the bottom line, and thats our focus, not just driving revenue but driving revenue that doesnt get caught up in the cost and not hit our EBITDA or not hit our operating income, and thats where were focused.
James Hardiman: Got it. Thats helpful. And then my second question -- obviously, theres been a lot in the news and if anybody has any kids in school right now, half the class has something, right? Flu, COVID, RSV, this whole idea of a tripledemic, which you got to hand it to the media for their ability to brand diseases at this point. But, I guess, Im curious if youre seeing anything in any of the metrics and booking statistics that you look at that would suggest that thats having an impact on your business at this point? Or is the consumer largely over it as we think about how viruses and diseases are going to impact their willingness to book a cruise?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. We -- look, I mean, having come through two years of COVID, I think pretty much across the board, what we see is people are -- people are happy to get on with their lives. Now obviously, Im not trying to belittle what you said because there could be some folks that are dealing with some things that are pretty tough on them and their family right now. But what we see is trends that are going back to normal about how people are thinking about those types of illnesses. And we always knew this point would come, right, when all of the masking and staying away from each other would go away and some things that we didnt experience would come back with a little bit of a fury in the world, not on our ships. And thats whats going on, and were taking it in stride, and it doesnt seem to be a problem.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Patrick Scholes: How should we read into your comments regarding pricing for next year? Certainly, semantic theory. Previously you said higher, now its slightly above. I mean, technically, they could mean the same thing, but a little more color on that, please. Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: Well, I think you gave my answer, which is the language change, but its really not a significant change in our book position. Half one, we are really trying hard to close that occupancy gap. We are using the opaque channels where we think it makes sense and where were going to lean harder and we plan to keep pulling that back as we get through a great wave season. And regardless, we anticipate very strong onboard spending to supplement our ticket prices. So. for us, pun intended, its full steam ahead.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Thank you. Then one or two more questions here quickly. Can you just give us an update on what the book direct trends have been in the most recent quarter versus say the comparable quarter in 2019 versus booking through a travel agency? What are you seeing there? Thank you.
Josh Weinstein: What weve been saying all along is that the direct business held up relatively well throughout the pandemic and the trade had to build itself back up, and weve been trying to support them to do just that. And the great thing is, as weve referenced in some of the other questions, the trade has been doing great lately. Theyre as excited about our advertising as we are because it helps them, too, and theyve really started to push on the volumes. And so, we couldnt be happier with how theyre progressing.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. And then just lastly, if I caught it correctly, you talked about 15% reduction in fuel for ALBD next year? I think the previous number had been 10%. How much is that being driven by the reduction, it sounds like some of the older legacy fleet and what else may be driving that? Thank you. Thats it.
David Bernstein: Yes. So, the combination of the removal of the smaller, less efficient ships with the new ships that were delivered, make up 9% of the 15%, and then, the other 6% has to do with all of the itinerary optimization as well as the investment in fuel reduction technology, things like the Air Lubrication System, which I mentioned in my notes and was also in the press release.
Josh Weinstein: I think we got, Chris, time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question will be from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research Company.
Vince Ciepiel: Just real quickly here, I wanted to get your kind of big picture perspective on the path for margins potentially for the business. And -- it sounds like theres some real fuel efficiencies to be had on the consumption side. Obviously, youre dealing with higher fuel prices, but also your operating cost outlook was pretty strong. And then, when you layer in your view for a return to historical occupancy, coupled with pretty decent price position for 23. Like, when you put all that together as -- I dont know, maybe youre even exiting 23, going into 24, do you foresee margins getting back close to historical levels, ahead of historical levels? Kind of what are you targeting kind of over the long run?
Josh Weinstein: Well, because were not giving guidance, I think the best I can tell you is how were thinking about that EBITDA on a per unit basis. And when you get rid of the noise from currency and the fuel prices, operationally, what were really trying to do is exceeds 2019 levels by the time we get to the end of the year, and thats where were focused. As far as the longer term, maybe we can have more of a conversation on that in March when were going to be talking more wholly about our full year guidance.
David Bernstein: But its fair to say, theres a lot of potential relating to the revenues, all of the advertising that were doing, which should bode well for the return on invested capital, which we expect to increase considerably over time as we move through the next year or two.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you. So, to everybody on the call, thank you very much for joining us and happy holidays. And Id encourage you to go to our website for our presentation materials and some supplemental schedules. Thank you all very much.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-09-30 10:00:00) =====
Josh Weinstein: Good morning. This is Josh Weinstein. Welcome to our third quarter 2022 business update conference call, my first as CEO. Im joined today telephonically by our Chair, Micky Arison. And with me here in our Miami offices are Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and our Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Beth Roberts. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. Our business continues on a positive trajectory. Weve been closing the gap to 2019 as we put a stake in the ground internally and shifted from return to service to a relentless focus on return to strong profitability. The occupancy gap to 2019 has reduced from over 50 points in Q1 to less than 30 points in Q3. At the same time, our capacity in service has gone from approximately 60% in Q1 to over 90% in Q3. In fact, in the month of August, we achieved almost 90% occupancy at higher constant dollar revenue per diem despite the impact of future cruise credits. And the differential in adjusted cruise costs, excluding fuel per ALBD, has reduced from over $25 in Q1 down to $10 in Q3. As a result, we were able to generate over $300 million of adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter, overcoming a near doubling in fuel prices. We expect these favorable trends to continue as we finish up 2022 and head into 2023. And while we expect breakeven to slightly negative fourth quarter EBITDA given the seasonality of revenues and our increasing investment in advertising to drive revenue yield in 2023, we do expect second half EBITDA overall to be positive. Weve also been making strategic changes to our fleet composition that will pay dividends over time. Our global fleet of 91 ships has never been better positioned, thanks to the exiting of 23 smaller, less efficient ships and taking delivery of 9 large and very efficient ships. While well all be four years older than we were in 2019, next year, the average age of our fleet will actually be a year younger than in 2019 at 12 years. It also means our average berth count per ship is increasing nearly 20%, the largest amongst our public peers. We expect benefits of this profile to include a fleet with 10% higher fuel efficiency, 6% more efficiency in remaining operating costs, a richer cabin mix and larger overall platforms to deliver onboard experiences and generate associated revenues. We have also begun to address the brand portfolio to improve ROIC and drive durable top and bottom line growth. In light of the continued closure of cruise operations in China and our Costa brands significant presence there pre-COVID, we are reducing Costas capacity by 10% from 2019 levels, while bolstering our highly successful Carnival Cruise Line brand through the previously announced transfer of 3 ships, including 2 via our innovative Costa by Carnival initiative launching in 2023. All 3 ships will be placed on new itineraries, allowing Carnival to expand its drive to cruise offering. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to further optimize our brand portfolio over time. These fleet and portfolio decisions will provide strong tailwinds. And while during the pause in operations being nearly twice the size of the next closest cruise company was a distinct disadvantage for our cash burn, we will once again benefit from our industry-leading scale. And there are even greater opportunities ahead to drive revenue as we return to full occupancy and march towards strong profitability. Throughout the pause, we have benefited from the dedicated support of our loyal guests. Now, as we grow capacity in 2023 and beyond, we are redoubling efforts to attract new-to-cruise guests. About one-third of our guests have historically been new to cruise. And as you probably know, two of the most important drivers of new-to-cruise are word of mouth and advertising. With respect to word of mouth, after the pause, we have been building back our army of advocates that leave the ships, spreading the word about the unparalleled vacation experiences we deliver day in and day out. In the third quarter alone, we carried twice the number of guests we carried in all of 2021, and over 50% more than in just the prior quarter. On the advertising front, weve also been ramping up our efforts, having reached 2019 spend levels in just the last two quarters. In fact, until six months ago, we had spent less on advertising cumulatively over a two-year period than in all of 2019, and most of this was directed at more efficient channels like past guests. This was a conscious decision to reprioritize our resources to withstand the pause. As our brands have now been increasing their advertising investment, we will increase awareness and consideration and actively target those new-to-cruise. While were still carrying a higher proportion of repeat guests, we have seen an improving trend in new-to-cruise and are already two-thirds of the way back to 2019 levels. And newcomers will be absolutely thrilled once we get them on board. We are delivering a great all-inclusive vacation experience, convenient, great dining and entertainment choices, fantastic itineraries, beautiful and innovative ships and the most amazing onboard teams, providing a higher level of personalized service than you can find anywhere on land or sea. Our net promoter scores are telling us, we are delivering a phenomenal product. The issue is we are way too much of a value. We should not be priced at a significant discount to land, which is exactly the case today, anywhere from 25% to 50% based on itineraries. Bottom line, when it comes to generating demand and increasing our revenue profile, we can, should and will do better. I have begun traveling to meet with each brand president and his or her commercial team to understand their strengths, capabilities and areas for improvement. We are working through their strategies and roadmaps to seize opportunities, all while taking advantage of tactics to quickly capture price and bookings in the interim. This cuts across multiple areas of our commercial operations, driving further brand differentiation and clarity around each brands optimal target segment, ensuring that creative marketing speaks to each brands target audience, launching more effective digital performance marketing and lead generation approaches, a renewed focus on our trade relationships, another key driver of new-to-cruise demand to reduce friction points and allow our travel agent partners to more efficiently secure bookings, while continuing to support internal sales as we need all sales channels to perform at a high level to be successful. Improving revenue management execution as we continue to adapt to an evolving booking environment and using data, guests and target audience insights and cross-brand learnings to aid in all of the above. The engagement and transparency that characterize these brand sessions has been fantastic, and the sense of urgency these leaders have to drive their brands forward is real. And speaking of leaders, we actually have new leadership at the brand and throughout the organization. Since the pause began, 5 of our 9 brands have welcomed new energetic presidents, and these brand presidents have been actively bolstering the bench below them. Additionally, I have made a half dozen changes across corporate leadership in just the last few months. Its worth noting that with the changes Ive made to date, 6 of my 12 direct reports are now women. We are actively focused on diversity and inclusion, and well continue to invest in talent and talent management. Now, diversity fits alongside our overall sustainability agenda, and weve been making significant progress across the board. There have probably been no greater strides than reducing our carbon intensity. Despite being over 25% larger, our carbon footprint peaked more than a decade ago. And weve set 2030 targets for carbon intensity to be 20% lower than 2019 levels. We will achieve this through technology upgrades currently being rolled out, investing in port and destination projects, even more focus on itinerary optimization and realizing the benefit of our fleet optimization efforts. While there is no silver bullet to decarbonization for our industry yet, we are committed to working towards a solution. To this end, Im excited about three successful pilots we recently completed using biofuels in existing engines without modification. Turning now to the current tone of business. Pricing for our 2023 book business is currently at considerably higher levels than 2019, adjusting for FCCs. And it is very encouraging that since announcing our relaxation and protocols in mid-August, we have already seen a very meaningful improvement in booking volumes. We are now running considerably higher than 2019 levels. At the same time, we have seen a notable improvement in cancellation trends. We expect these favorable trends to accelerate as the impact of our current and planned efforts will continue to materialize as we move toward our important summer season where we make the bulk of our operating profit. When it comes to our capital structure, maintaining a strong balance sheet has always been a priority for our company. Pre-pandemic, we have been able to achieve this while investing significantly in our new build program, thanks to the substantial cash flow our company generated. Going forward, we are committed to using our cash flow strength to repair the balance sheet over time, and well be disciplined and rigorous in making new build decisions accordingly. We have two ships on order in 2024 and one in 2025. We do not anticipate significant deviation annual levels for several years. This will significantly reduce our capital commitments and set us on the path to deleveraging. We have seized the opportunity to emerge as a company that is more efficient, more sustainable and more energized for the future. We have a transformed fleet, an unmatched portfolio of well-recognized brands, and unparalleled scale in an underpenetrated industry. We are strategically managing our portfolio to optimize our near- and long-term performance. We now have a tremendous opportunity to drive revenue growth by delivering measurable pricing improvements, while returning to historically high occupancy levels over time. That opportunity will drive significant free cash flow and accelerate our path to profitability, investment-grade credit ratings and higher ROIC. In the coming months, well talk specifically about long-term goals and targets so that we can track progress and maintain accountability along our path. Our travel agent partners, port and destination communities, suppliers, investors, lenders and, of course, our guests are also important to our business. I plan to speak with more of our stakeholders in the coming months to gather their perspectives as we strive for continuous improvement. I would like to end by personally thanking all of our talented and dedicated team members globally, ship and shore for the heavy lifting it took to get us back to full operations. And now comes the exciting part. We get to take all of the creativity, agility and innovation that the team has built up in response to external factors throughout the pause and resumption of operations, and we now get to use that skill set to proactively drive our business forward, and to fulfill our mission are creating happiness by delivering unforgettable and much-needed vacations to our guests. And now, Ill turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Josh. Ill start today with a review of guest cruise operations, and then provide booking trends and the current tone of business. Turning to guest cruise operations. Third quarter 2022 represents a significant milestone in the resumption of our guest cruise operations with adjusted EBITDA turning positive for the first time. We were pleased to see that third quarter 2022 revenue increased by nearly 80% compared to second quarter 2022, reflecting a continued sequential quarter-over-quarter improvement. For the third quarter, occupancy was 84%, a 15 percentage-point increase from the second quarter. We ended the quarter on a high note with 90% occupancy in the month of August. We were encouraged by the continued very close-in demand we experienced during the third quarter for the third quarter, a trend we had anticipated. Revenue per passenger day for the third quarter 2022 decreased from a strong 2019, mainly due to the impact of future cruise credits, or more commonly called FCC, and currency given the stronger U.S. dollar, along with our large presence in Europe with four brands in the UK and Continental Europe. Once again, our onboard and other revenue per diems were up significantly in the third quarter 2022 versus third quarter 2019, driven by price increases, greater spending by our guests and the increased effect of the second wallet as more guests are participating in pre-cruise sales of onboard activities. In fact, year-to-date, we have seen over 50% growth in pre-cruise sales of onboard activities on a per passenger cruise day, or PCD, basis as compared to 2019. Our teams have done an excellent job capitalizing on the opportunity in this area. As I indicated in my comments during our last business update, we expanded our bundled package offerings given their popularity. The new bundled offerings required us to make changes to the accounting allocations. As a result, in the third quarter, more of the revenue was left in ticket and less allocated to onboard, impacting the onboard and other revenue per PCD comparison for the third quarter as compared to the second quarter. Just another reason to add to the list of reasons why the best way to judge our revenue performance is by reference to our total cruise revenue metrics. On the cost side, our adjusted cruise costs without fuel in constant currency per available lower berth day, or ALBD, as it is more commonly called, for third quarter 2022 was up 14% versus third quarter 2019. We have seen a continuation of the sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter in costs throughout the year, and expect to see a continuation of the improvement in the fourth quarter of 2022, with a low double-digit increase compared to 2019, driven in part by higher advertising expense to drive revenue for 2023. We ended the third quarter 2022 with $7.4 billion of liquidity, essentially the same liquidity level as last quarter. In addition, I am pleased to report that total customer deposits, both current and long term, were $4.8 billion at third quarter 2022, approaching the record third quarter of $4.9 billion in 2019. New bookings for the third quarter of 2022 offset most of the historical seasonal decline in customer deposits, which was over $1 billion in 2019. Furthermore, to facilitate investor engagement, I wanted to mention a couple of balance sheet-related items. First, let me clarify our debt-to-capital covenant test. Our current debt-to-capital percentage is in the mid-50s using the calculation methodology in our debt agreements. This methodology allows for the add-back to equity of noncash write-offs and other adjustments, which eliminates the volatility from the pause in guest cruise operations, leaving us well within the debt-to-capital covenant limit set at 75% at the end of the third quarter 2022. Second, we will provide and will continue to do so quarterly a detailed debt schedule and a listing of ships in our fleet by brand on our website, carnivalcorp.com. To find these supplemental schedules, refer to the Financial Information tab within the Investor Relations section of the website. Next, lets look at booking trends and the current tone of business. Booking volumes for all future sailings during the third quarter 2022 saw a continuation of the accelerated booking volumes during the second quarter and closed the gap to strong 2019 levels. We did not see any seasonal slowing of booking activity in the third quarter 2022 versus the second quarter 2022 despite the third quarter normally being a slower booking period. It is great to see booking volumes for all future sailings considerably higher than 2019 levels since the announcement of the relaxed protocols in mid-August, aligning us towards land-based vacation alternatives. However, we are still managing through the close-in nature of the booking curve caused by the Omicron variant disruption to our important wave season earlier this year and the more restrictive industry protocols in effect until very recently. This left us with more inventory to sell closer in. To optimize in this environment, we have been working to increase near-term occupancy in part by using limited promotions and opaque channels, available only to a select group of people to protect overall price integrity for 2023. Therefore, while this resulted in the cumulative advanced book position for the fourth quarter below the historical range, we believe we are well situated with our current fourth quarter 2022 book position given current booking volumes that are running significantly ahead of 2019 levels as we capitalize on closer in booking patterns. Pricing impacted in part by limited promotions in opaque channels results in our cumulative book position for fourth quarter 2022 lower compared to 2019 sailings, but primarily due to FCCs. With respect to occupancy, fourth quarter occupancy historically has been lower than third quarter given the seasonal dynamic of our business. It was a 9 percentage-point drop in 2019. However, this year, that will not be the case. Our continuing build in cabin occupancy will more than offset the seasonal decline, which will result in slightly higher fourth quarter 2022 occupancy compared to the third quarter and represents another step forward in closing the gap to 2019. For the full year 2023, our cumulative advanced book position is slightly above the historical average and at considerably higher prices compared to record 2019 levels normalized for FCCs. While I do expect an impact on 2023 yields from the FCCs, the impact is likely to be less than 1 percentage-point for the full year 2023. Additionally, during 2023, we expect improvement in occupancy, with occupancy returning to historical levels in the summer of 2023. While our return to guest cruise operations is essentially complete, we are still evaluating a few remaining deployment options as referenced in our business update release. As a result, for 2023, we expect our capacity increase to be somewhere in the range of 3% to 5% compared to 2019. Of course, with nearly 25% of our capacity in 2023 from new ships, we also expect to benefit from the efficiency gains from our fleet optimization efforts that Josh mentioned earlier, helping to mitigate inflation. In summary, looking forward to 2023, we have a strong book of business at considerably higher prices. Prices are higher in all four quarters of 2023. Onboard revenue per diems are up significantly in 2022, and this puts us on track for a record year in 2023 for onboard revenue. All of this clearly sets the stage positively for 2023, with Josh and I working together with all the brand teams to drive revenue growth over time. And now operator, lets open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes. Hey, guys. Good morning. And Josh welcome to your first call as CEO. I guess, my question, we seem to be hearing a much different tone from some of your peers in terms of how the EBITDA or cash flow recovery is playing out versus what you guys just reported in the third quarter and your outlook for the fourth quarter. So, I guess, is it fair to assume that your Carnival Princess, your domestic brands, are doing very, very well right now, but its your non-U.S. brands that are struggling at this point, and thats the issue right now versus your peers? And then, Josh, does that make you think a little bit differently about your portfolio ships, meaning do you still need 9 brands at this point?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Hey Steve, thanks for the welcome. So, I think you asked a couple of things. Let me see if I can hit them all. So first of all, I cant speak to our peers. I wont speak to our peers. Ill speak to us. The momentum is continuing, which is really promising, as you heard from my prepared remarks, as well as Davids. Particularly over the last six weeks, things have ramped up incredibly strong, and the book of business is good. With respect to how were looking at the brands, obviously, Carnival in the Caribbean has done a great job. They are Americas cruise line, and it showed through loud and clear as weve been going through this past year. But I wouldnt look at this as a North American versus European question. All of our brands are in varying points with respect to their pricing and their occupancy and how those play out, and theyre responding to their target audience in their source markets and trying to optimize as best as they can. As you heard in my prepared remarks, and I think what weve talked about already before, is we can do better. I have high expectations for all of our brands to make significant improvement on the revenue side. And some of its blocking and tackling. Some of it is really pushing the envelope in certain areas. And I actually feel pretty confident so far. Ive managed to hit 3 brands in that type of setting. Its been Costa, Holland America and Princess. And the activities that are underway are significant. And I really -- I dont think its appropriate in this forum to get into any specifics, but we are tracking hundreds of things, some big, some small, that are going to ultimately lead to significant improvement.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. Thanks for that color, Josh. And the second question would be around 2023. And look, I understand you guys arent going to give guidance for 23 at this point. But in the past, weve heard previous management at Carnival, kind of talked about it at a very high level, there was a good chance that 2023 EBITDA, there was a chance to exceed 2019 EBITDA. So Josh, youre now at the helm, and how do you view that probability from what you can see today? Is this something thats still possible, or are you just saying, hey, look, its too early to make that call?
Josh Weinstein: Well, were certainly anticipating strong EBITDA in 2023. Were not providing guidance, obviously. So I dont want to get ahead of where we are in that process. Fuel and currency are obviously a big swing, and well see how that plays out in 2023. I have no idea, but were working hard to generate as much as we can.
Operator: Next question is from the line of James Hardiman with Citi. Please go ahead.
James Hardiman: Josh, welcome aboard. So obviously, theres a lot of discussion about the booking -- I dont know if surge is the right word that youve seen since the relaxation of some of the COVID restrictions. I guess, Im curious, what, if any, impact that is having on pricing, particularly in the context of we have this per diem decline. I think its about 4% versus 2019 for the third quarter. But then as we look to next year, the pricing seems like its up meaningfully. And so, Im just trying to connect those two dots and maybe sort of the missing piece is a significant improvement coming off of these restriction relaxations. But maybe paint that picture for us.
Josh Weinstein: So yes, the volumes have been incredibly encouraging. I cant speak specifically to price over the last few weeks. But I can tell you that the pricing of our business on the books for 2023 overall is actually higher today than it was earlier in the year. As far as whats driving that, I think theres a lot of things that are driving that. I do think that the fact that we are now able to be more aligned to land-based alternatives reduces a lot of friction and opens up more demand to us and our brands. You heard us mention advertising. We had a different advertising approach versus what our norm was pre-pandemic, and we really -- we scaled way back. And in the process of doing that, we were doing it in the context of the pause and how we wanted to prioritize our resources and focus in on those loyal guests and more efficient channels. But as weve been ramping back up to full strength with our advertising strategy, its starting to pay dividends. And in addition to that, we have, as you heard, we have more and more people sailing again and going back and telling folks that we are a great product, and all of that is helping. So, I cant give you -- I wish I could be scientific and tell you all the drivers and how they impact the pricing, but Id be lying. I dont think anybody can do that. So, well just have to see whats working and see whats not and leverage what we can.
David Bernstein: And also, let me just add. When youre looking at the fourth quarter, clearly, we were in a situation where our wave season was impacted. And remember, we didnt start the increase in advertising expense until the third quarter. So that, too, impacted the revenue per diems that you mentioned in the third quarter. But as Josh talked about, we are addressing that clearly as we move forward.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then my second question, maybe a bit -- well, its an open-ended question. But Josh, since youve been at the helm, I dont know if youve had a chance to think through -- or maybe you could help us think through some of the challenges and opportunities facing the Company. I guess what Im trying to figure out is how much of that is sort of a cruise industry set of challenges and opportunities versus Carnival-specific. And take us -- wherever you want to take it, whether its the mix of your customers, mix of geography, strength or weaknesses of your specific brands, but Im curious how you sort of slice and dice those two.
Josh Weinstein: Well, overall, Id say, I think I can say on behalf of the industry, all of us are way too good of a value when it comes to stacking us up versus non-cruise alternatives. And so, I think the more we can break through as an industry with how good of a product we are, how inclusive it can be, that will serve dividends. Thats why Im very committed to our travel agent partners because they are critical for us in that success in being able to communicate that story and convince first timers who dont know cruising, could be daunting, could be confusing and help them get on board because once we get them, they want to come back. I dont know, and so I cant speak to our peers and what they do and how they do it behind closed doors. I do think the things that were seeing on the commercial side with all of our brands, and it varies brand-by-brand, but I think -- all I can tell you is the specific to our corporation, and I think theyre going to really pay dividends for us in a big way.
Operator: Next question from the line of Robin Farley.
Robin Farley: So just kind of looking at the language youve used over the years to describe forward bookings. When you say considerably higher, thats more upbeat language than you typically use. It seems like considerably higher is probably more than 5%, but should we think of it as being more than 10% or would that be a different adjective for that range?
Josh Weinstein: Hi. This is Josh. I used to have a dictionary that David provided for everybody when we were doing these preparations back when I was a Treasurer. I think, its safe to say this is mid-single digits. And so I guess I can -- theres your answer.
Robin Farley: Great. No, thats very helpful. And then also on the nonfuel expense, it seems like -- and were still digesting the release, but it seems like your guidance for second half nonfuel expense is quite a bit higher than previous. Is it just the advertising that youve mentioned? Are there other things? And I sort of have a follow-up about the advertising, but maybe just to even frame whats happening with the nonfuel expense. Thanks.
David Bernstein: Sure. So, if you take what we said about all the quarters and you actually weight average it with the ALBDs per quarter, you get something in the mid- to high-double digits. And we had said mid-double digits before. So, it is a tad higher as a result of potentially more advertising expense than we had previously anticipated. But its not a significant change on a full year basis from what we said before, just maybe a point or something like that from the previous guidance.
Robin Farley: Okay. And then, just on the advertising piece, its just -- youve talked about being ahead in price and volume in 23, and then you talked about this kind of sequentially how things are ramping up. So I guess, just thinking about -- so it seems like demand is growing naturally on its own. So, I guess, why the decision to do more advertising. And I dont know if thats targeted in certain -- I know its a European demand issue, or just kind of help us think about when youre sort of naturally seeing such strong volume and price on how to think about that. Thanks.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So, a couple of things. One is we have volume, but we want to get volume plus price and fill the ships at good pricing. So, we just -- we need to be doing more to accomplish that. Its not a European versus American phenomenon. And remember, advertising is not just for the moment and filling the ship in the next quarter. Its setting the groundwork for awareness consideration, and ultimately, making that booking decision. And we have to be thinking about this in the context of the fact that were taking bookings for the next 2.5 years, not just the next quarter. So, we need to be real thoughtful. And the point about new-to-cruise, thats where it makes a huge amount of inroads, particularly as were building toward wave. And all this -- our goal is to be setting ourselves up really well for a very successful wave, and it has been years since weve had that. And so I think theres a lot of excitement in the organization actually because our game plans are out and we know what we want to achieve.
Robin Farley: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you. So it sounds like the advertising, its up versus what you originally thought, but not higher than what you would typically do sort of pre-pandemic. Is that the right way to think about it?
Josh Weinstein: No, I wouldnt say that yet, actually. Were back up to those levels. We have more capacity to sail. So naturally, that should -- well always try to find efficiencies. But theres a lot of pluses and minuses in the equation, and were working through our 2023 plan with all of our brands now. So, have more insight about how exactly thats going to shape up in a few months.
David Bernstein: But its fair to say that if you look at the four quarters, remember, we had talked about -- we werent doing much advertising in the first half of the year. And we did increase it in the back half. And I think I had said once before that we did expect advertising overall to be higher than it was in 2019. So, your -- what youll see is a big ramp-up in the back half of this year versus 2019, even higher than the normal level that we would see in the fourth quarter in anticipation of wave season.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz: Im hoping you guys can help us think through what the magnitude of FCC is left to work through might be, and when you think we may be sort of through digesting those.
David Bernstein: So, I think I had indicated in my prepared remarks that we did expect to see FCCs impact yields in 2023, but it would be less than 1%. In 2022, we had seen a couple of points of an impact given our forecast and the expectation. And I think youll see that its the FCC sweeteners that youre talking about. And I think youll see that end with 2023.
Jaime Katz: Excellent. And then, from a capital spending perspective, I think there were some shifts in expenses in the table in the press release. Is there anything noteworthy, worth mentioning on different spending programs that have shifted or anything like that? Thanks.
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, just keep in mind that a lot of the CapEx, depending on which particular item youre looking at, a lot of the CapEx is in foreign currency. And with the changes in foreign currency, particularly the newbuilds, you will see a reduction in the newbuild CapEx. The non-newbuild CapEx, weve been looking at that very carefully and making sure that we optimize those numbers. So you did see a decline in 2022 from the previous guidance. And we are relooking at 2023. As Josh had said, were going to be going through with all the operating companies that plans for 2023. So at this point in time, we havent made any changes, but we will continue to look at that and talk to them about optimizing CapEx for 2023.
Operator: Next question from the line of Ben Chaiken with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ben Chaiken: Sorry if I missed it. I think that FY23, the language surrounding FY23 bookings changed slightly. Maybe Im mistaken. I guess, simplistically, can you help us with the booked position in 23 and maybe how thats changed since the last update relative to 19? It sounds -- I mean, it sounded like bookings have accelerated since the vaccine vertical change, but just a little unclear on the total booked position for 23 relative to the last update. Thanks.
David Bernstein: Sure. So, keep in mind that what were talking about here in terms of an acceleration of the book position or the bookings that occurred in mid-August with the relaxed protocols. And the booking patterns, as we indicated, accelerated. In fact, our North American brands were up 30% over 2019 in the last few weeks. So, the booking patterns have been tremendous. But the book position, previously we had said was at the higher end of the historical range. And now, were saying its at the average. Earlier in the quarter, we were slightly below 2019 levels, but closing the gap and now we have exceeded 2019 levels. So, we feel very good about the overall book position, particularly with relaxed protocols and now exceeding 2019 levels. But from a pricing perspective, we are better priced than we were earlier in the year, and we feel very good about that as well.
Ben Chaiken: Okay. Thats helpful. And then is that -- are you able to break up -- so it sounds like a little bit of a deceleration in bookings for 23 position. Is there -- I know a few times, is there a difference between European and non-European itineraries in terms of driving that movement?
David Bernstein: Yes. I wouldnt have called it a deceleration during that period. Remember that for most of the quarter, we still had the protocols in effect. And as a result of that, while we were getting bookings, the booking levels were slightly below 2019 and level for 2023. But since the relaxation of the protocols, we have seen things accelerate considerably. The other thing to keep in mind is that we have seen a much closer in booking curve than we had previously seen historically. And so that, too, has probably impacted 2023 as well. But with the relaxed protocols and putting us more in line, with the testing requirements gone, were in great shape. And as I said before, I mean, were now, in the last few weeks since the relaxation of the protocols, our North American brands were up 30% over 2019 levels, and we feel great about that. So, were looking forward to 2023.
Josh Weinstein: And our European brands are doing well, too. Theyre just operating in a closer in booking window. So, they have seen a significant spike as well. Its just more for a closer in period. But again, same thing, mid-August, and it took off.
Ben Chaiken: Okay. And then, just one more on the costs. It sounds like were in this low double-digit range versus 19 exiting the year. Can you help us, just directionally, maybe how much of that is core underlying costs and how much of that are maybe like fleet ramp-up, COVID protocol related, et cetera? Just ballpark splits.
David Bernstein: So, for the fourth quarter -- well, first of all, let me just say that the fourth quarter, I dont think is a great indication of looking forward data. I think we can do better, and were going to be having those conversations with our brands. But embedded in the fourth quarter, theres probably a little bit of start-up costs, but most of the ships and most of that was spent before the fourth quarter. But there are protocol costs. From -- I had said earlier in the year, we were probably spending tens of millions of dollars a month on protocol costs. By the time you get to the fourth quarter, when youre looking at adjusted cruise costs without fuel, youre probably talking about maybe $1 to $1.50 of costs in there that are included in the forecast. So, there is something which is affecting that double digit -- low double-digit projection. But it is, like I said, maybe $1 or $1.50. And Im not even sure were going to spend that much, but thats what the brands have included. Given that forecast, were prepared at about the same time as the relaxation of the protocols.
Ben Chaiken: Not to belabor the point, but why just call up? Why is 4Q not -- I think you said 4Q is not a good kind of like period to use.
David Bernstein: Yes. I think when you look at all the different things over a full year period. Keep in mind, just as an example -- Ill give you one example. So Ive always said that looking at cost by quarter are not a good reflection of the year because things vary by quarter. And I just indicated, I think it was Robin who was asking the question about advertising, and I said that advertising was up considerably in the fourth quarter versus 2019. So, if you just take that item alone, that would have had an impact on your double-digit number. And so, no one quarter is ever going to be a good indication of the full year because of the seasonality of the spending by quarter.
Operator: Our next question from the line of David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: I wanted to just get your thoughts on pricing and the value proposition strategy in the context that we look at other areas of hospitality that are driving price, and I recognize your model is different from that. But what are you doing? What can you do? What thoughts do you have about the ability to sort of drive price within the context of the value proposition now?
Josh Weinstein: I mean, its a good question. Theres a lot of answers, right? I mean, it does start with being able to clearly communicate, who the brand is, and then from a marketing perspective, are they targeting the right folks? Are they speaking to them the right way? Do they have the right digital performance marketing agenda that they can generate leads that are effective and turn them into conversion? I mean, its just -- its that whole life cycle, right? And so, the discussions that we have been having with our commercial teams at the various brands so far has really been focused on all of it. And its revenue management, right? Its how we choose to do our pricing curves, how we introduced promotions at the right time, how we use the opaque channels. Yes, I mean, its literally its the whole way we do things in the commercial space. And there are opportunities for us. I cant speak to people outside our company. For us, we have a good amount of opportunity to drive significant improvement in our revenue profile by making improvements in varying aspects of that whole cycle.
David Katz: I appreciate that. And can I -- just on another matter, I just want to be clear about the possibility of any sort of further capital raising out there. Are those categorically off the table? Are those largely off the table, or are they maybes at this point?
David Bernstein: So, from a capital perspective, we are always opportunistic. We did indicate back, I think it was in March, that we were looking to refinance the $3 billion of maturities in 2023. Weve worked through $2.5 billion of that. But we always look at -- we remain opportunistic. We look at the capital market. We try to look longer term and to see what needs we have and what we should do rather than just looking at next quarter or the next six months. And we will evaluate opportunities, and well look at all options as we always do to make sure that we are in a good, solid position. So, its the best answer I can give at this point in time.
Operator: Next question from the line of Ali Naqvi with HSBC. Please go ahead.
Ali Naqvi: Just on maybe some of your comments on the Q4 trends. Could you give us any sort of commentary on a like-for-like basis regarding volumes? And is any of your commentaries should suggest that theres any consumer weakness demand or is it mainly due to, as you said, the future cruise credits and closer in bookings? Thank you.
David Bernstein: So Im not sure I fully understood your question, but you were talking about Q4. And as far as Q4 is concerned, one of the things that I had indicated was we -- in my prepared remarks, we did expect to see a slightly increased occupancy. Now, keep in mind, if I went back to 2019, we saw a 9 percentage-point drop in occupancy from third quarter to fourth, which is pretty typical because of the third quarter is the seasonally strong summer season for the Northern Hemisphere, and we have all those kids on board. So, a drop in occupancy is pretty normal. But, we arent expecting this year a drop in occupancy in the fourth quarter. Were expecting an increase in occupancy, and thats a result of the cabin occupancy build that we are expecting. So, were moving in the right direction. And I think were in good shape for the fourth quarter. Hopefully, that answers your question. If not...
Josh Weinstein: Yes, I think maybe theres a couple of other points to put out there as well. We started in a hole because we didnt have the benefit of our Q4 having gone through a successful wave in the beginning of the year. All the things that you heard us talking about with respect to the advertising spend and the change in tactics we had at the beginning of the year, the protocol changes, all those things left us where we were. The great news is our brands have been doing a good job of adapting to a closer in booking window. And so, as you probably heard by now, because weve said it a couple of times, the volume that we are getting in bookings is certainly not just for 2023, it is also closer in and benefit in Q4 as well. And the brands are doing a good job of optimizing the demand were seeing on a shorter-term basis.
Ali Naqvi: Got it. And maybe just with the benefit of your experience, what is the sort of impact to the wave season after you had sort of hurricane and the impact from that, please.
Beth Roberts: The impact of the hurricane...
Ali Naqvi: On wave season.
Josh Weinstein: Well, so first of all, as we said in the press release, on behalf of Carnival Corporation, I would like to extend our deepest concern for those affected by both Hurricane Ian and Fiona, and our thoughts and prayers are with anybody whos been impacted. With respect to the current impact, we dont see anything significant on our business. At this point in time, we dont anticipate anything coming out of these hurricanes that would have any type of significant impact at all on our upcoming wave season.
David Bernstein: Yes. But by the way, if I had to estimate the impact on us at this point in time, clearly, because of some of the disruption, probably have -- we have canceled a couple of cruises. And probably less than $10 million impact from both hurricanes, Fiona and Ian. But remember, in a normal year, theres always an impact from hurricanes, and the impact right now for these two is probably less than $10 million.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: So, I just wanted to maybe talk about -- a little bit more about 23, and specifically put the issues that you guys are having with current sort of booking window lengths or the length of time of the average booking that you called out as impacting the current quarter into context, which is that looking at 23, right, youre ahead of historical volumes for 23, youre ahead of pricing for 23 against historical pricing. And your current run rate of booking volumes right now are well ahead of 19. And so, when you add all that up, I guess, Im just trying to figure out what else -- what, like besides exogenous events, could sort of derail you from turning the calendar year in a normal position versus history. Like, why else would that not be a normal year, except for maybe the length of telling people are averaging their booking out into the future?
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Thats a good question. I mean, I think it points to what we were trying to express about how positive we are about the trajectory and how 2023 is already positioned. So, were going to do everything we can to make 23 a fantastic year. And so far, weve got a good base upon which to do it. Were ramping back things, ramping up things that we hadnt been doing in the past few years, a few months, whatever that might be, depending on the actions. And our goal is to smash it in 2023.
David Bernstein: And the only thing Ill add to that is our onboard revenue per diems have been up significantly in 22. And as I said in my notes, that also puts us on track for a record year in 2023 for onboard revenues.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. And we keep leveraging more and more our presales of onboard spending, which is wind at our backs. We have a richer cabin mix, as we talked about. So, there are quite a few things that set us up for success that we thought we need to deliver.
Brandt Montour: And if I could just maybe ask a question about pricing and how to think about the effect of promotional activity this year, which for the whole industry was more elevated, or at least, we perceive it to be more elevated it was sort of as expected as the industry doubled its capacity essentially overnight earlier this year. But I guess, my question is, when you think about next year and headline prices versus net prices after promo, is there some kind of dynamic where it might be easier to lift pricing over the next several quarters just by peeling off promotional activity? It feels like that would be an easier exercise than raising headline prices, but I could be completely off.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Look, theres lots of levers that our brands use via opaque channels, via promotions and such. We have the same goal, right, in any event, which is to generate as high a price as we can and as much revenue as we can. And so, to your point, theres opportunity when you look at what weve done this year versus how were tackling next year, and were going to do our best to perform at a high level.
Brandt Montour: Thanks, guys.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, Brandt. I think, operator, I think thats all the time we have for calls today. But, thank you, everybody, for joining and listening.
David Bernstein: Yes. No, thank you very much, everybody. And look forward to working with Josh. 2023, as we said, with pricing being up considerably higher on our books and all the other things we indicated, we feel very good about 2023. So, thanks, and have a great afternoon.
Operator: That concludes todays call. We thank you for your participation, and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-06-24 10:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, and welcome to our business update conference call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. I'm joined today telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison, who is in Europe. And here with me in Miami. David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; and as part of our previously announced transition, our Chief Operations Officer, Josh Weinstein. Thank you all for joining us this morning.  Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release.  This is my final business update as CEO. While very disappointingly, our share price unfortunately reflects the current market conditions, I am nonetheless very proud of all that the team has accomplished over the last 9 years. I am especially proud of how well we have collectively overcome what seemed like insurmountable obstacles at times these last few years.  And I remain very excited about our future. With cash from operations now turning positive, we have reached an inflection point and, in fact, turned the corner and are headed on a positive trajectory. I'm not only excited about, I am also very confident in the future of our company, and I'm looking forward to its continuous success. I strongly believe in this team and we are enjoying a smooth transition.  As Vice Chairman, far and away, my number one responsibility will be to support Josh and his management team as they work to build on the current momentum. Josh is a proven executive. He is well respected throughout the company. He served in key leadership roles. He's driven strong business results during his tenure. And he played an integral part in tuning the company through the global pandemic. Josh's thorough understanding of our industry, of our operations and our business strategy puts him in a strong position to lead the next phase of our company's journey. With his vision, intensity and core values truly aligned with those that characterize our company, I cannot think of anyone better suited for this role than Josh.  Now turning to our business results. It is reinforcing to see the continued strength and demand for cruise. We are aggressively, yet thoughtfully, ramping up to full operations, with over 90% of the fleet now in service. And at the same time, we are driving occupancy higher on those ships that have been sailing and we are focused on improving pricing compared to pre-COVID levels.  As we had indicated, for the 20 ships that restarted over the last quarter, occupancy has been intentionally constrained. That said, occupancy increased from 54% last quarter to 69% this quarter, while we also increased available capacity by 25%. Now the combination drove an over 60% sequential improvement in passengers carried. In fact, we carried over 1.6 million guests this past quarter. And partly in the month of June, we are already approaching 80% occupancy and, again, on even higher capacity.  Now what makes that even more impressive is we were able to achieve that in an environment of uncertainty, given frequently changing protocols, including those that were far more restrictive than those in broader society and that were far more restrictive than those found even in other portions of the travel and leisure sector.  While thankfully, vaccination and test requirements are starting to relax given the improvement in the state of the virus, we continue, nonetheless, to face constraints in the pool of potential guests due to ongoing requirements in a number of places. Yet, we have been able to make very meaningful progress.  As you know, the CDC recently lifted the testing requirements for reentry into the U.S. for air travel which, going forward, clearly removes some of the friction from our North American brands deployment in both Europe and due to Canadian embarkation Alaska. Usually requiring a longer duration flight, these itineraries are typically associated with longer lead times. Consequently, we expect the real benefit to be realized in 2023 and beyond.  Importantly, customer deposits increased by $1.4 billion in the second quarter, topping $5 billion. Now we have seen a continued increase in express demand, and we expect to see that demand continue to build as protocols are further relaxed and as society becomes increasingly comfortable managing the virus.  Concerning the threat of global recession, while not recession-proof, our business has proven to be recession-resilient time and again. As we have seen in prior cycles, even in downturns, employed people take vacations. And that's even more true in today's environment where people prioritize spending on experiences over spending on things. Cruise remains an especially appealing vacation option during downturns because of its compelling value proposition relative to land-based alternatives. Also, there is pent-up demand for travel globally which is a powerful tailwind.  Currently, we are seeing success for close-to-home cruises, with many sailings achieving occupancy at or above 100%, where guests perceive far less friction than with international embarkations. In fact, our Carnival Cruise Line brand, sailing its entire fleet, is expected to reach nearly 110% occupancy during our third quarter.  We also saw an improvement in new-to-cruise guests in the second quarter, and we have begun to ramp up our advertising efforts selectively to help support attracting first-time cruisers.  Concerning pricing. We remain focused on improving price through next year. We are focused on optimizing the occupancy while preserving long-term pricing. In this current environment of travel restrictions and health protocols where we have coast unavailability, we use OPay channels and limited promotions to capitalize on near-term demand.  We are building on our aggressive fleet optimization efforts. Given challenges in parts of Europe, we have reallocated capacity to capitalize on markets where there is stronger demand. In fact, we just announced an especially creative approach that we think holds great promise-, the launch of Costa by Carnival. With Costa by Carnival, we bring the ambience and beauty of Italy to Carnival Cruise Line guests. Costa Venezia, Costa Firenze, both newly introduced and both spectacular, will be managed by Carnival Cruise Line, catering to Carnival's guest base beginning in the spring of '23 and 2024, respectively.  This new concept will offer a unique experience for Carnival guests to choose fun, Italian style while capitalizing on Costa's beautiful Italian design elements. Deployment for Venezia will be announced shortly and will represent a new itinerary option for Carnival guests.  Separately, we also announced the transfer of Costa Luminosa to the Carnival brand beginning in November 2022 catering to Australian guests. Now with these changes, the Carnival brand will replenish capacity that have been removed from recent ship exits and contribute to manage growth for the brand. These new and differentiated product offerings enable us to capitalize on demand among Carnival Cruise Line guests and strengthen return on invested capital across our portfolio.  In addition, we continue to further optimize our fleet and have announced a removal of an additional smaller, less efficient ship, bringing the total to 23 ships to be removed from the fleet since 2019. The accelerated removal of these less efficient ships, coupled with the delivery of 9 larger, more efficient ships delivered since 2019 fosters higher revenues over time through a 7 percentage point increase in the mix of premium priced balcony cabins and an even better platform for onboard revenue opportunities as well as generating a 6% reduction in ship level unit costs, excluding fuel, moderating the effects of inflation and enabling us to deliver more revenue to the bottom line.  Upon returning to full operations, nearly 1/4 of our capacity will consist of newly delivered ships, expediting our return to profitability and improving our return on invested capital.  Moreover, next year, our capacity growth compared to 2019 is concentrated in brands with our highest returns.  Concerning recent fuel prices, we continue to aggressively manage our fuel consumption. Upon reaching full fleet operations, we anticipate that we will achieve a further 10% reduction in unit fuel consumption and 9% reduction in carbon intensity as compared to 2019.  With our proactive efforts to reduce fuel consumption, we actually peaked our carbon footprint in 2011, and that's despite an over 30% increase in capacity expected through 2023. In fact, we have reaffirmed and strengthened our carbon intensity reduction goals for 2030 and are on an accelerated path to achieve them through our fleet optimization efforts, investing in projects that drive energy efficiency, designing energy-efficient itineraries and investing in port and destination projects.  During the quarter, Carnival Cruise Line broke ground on an exciting new destination project, Carnival Grand Bahama Cruise port. This destination is expected to open in late 2024 and will offer guests a uniquely Bahamian experience with many exciting features and amenities. Now this private guest experience destination will join Princess Cay, Half Moon Cay, Grand Turk, Mahogany Bay, Amber Cove and Cozumel, securing our strong foothold in the Caribbean. In fact, we benefit from a total of 9 owned or operated private destinations and port facilities, including terminals in Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Barcelona.  Again, I believe we have operationally reached an inflection point and we are heading in the right direction with cash from operations turning positive this quarter. We have a strong liquidity position of $7.5 billion and have already managed our debt maturity towers down through 2024. We have 91% of the fleet now operating and at improving occupancy levels, which bodes well for future cash generation.  And while to date, travelers perceive uncertainty and friction continues to be a headwind as protocols become less restrictive and society continues to become increasingly more comfortable managing the virus, we expect to see demand continue to build, as we have already seen with the strength for Carnival Cruise Lines closer-to-home cruises.  The attractive value proposition relative to land-based alternatives, which is even greater today, and the continued strength in onboard revenues should help foster a good environment for pricing and should help to accelerate our momentum going forward.  Once again, I don't have the words to adequately convey how personally rewarding and inspiring the commitment, the dedication, the creative ingenuity and the phenomenal execution of our Carnival team, shipboard and shoreside around the world has been. And that, of course, includes our Chairman, Micky Arison, and the rest of our Board of Directors.  In the face of constantly changing barriers and constraints, in an environment of continuous and extreme uncertainty, our global team of tens of thousands successfully tackled challenge after challenge after challenge, honoring our commitment to our highest priority of compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of everyone while stewarding the shareholders' assets and positioning us for great success over time. I simply can't thank them enough and it's truly a privilege and an honor to work with them.  Thank you also to our valued guests. Their loyalty to our 9 world-leading brands and the countless letters and calls of support are so deeply appreciated. Thank you to our travel agent partners, who are more critical than ever and helping to deliver the great story of our cruise. Thank you to our home port and destination communities who have stood by us throughout these challenges, among other contributions providing vaccines and lobbying for workable protocols.  Thank you to our suppliers and other many stakeholders who stood by us and worked hard to meet our needs while facing challenges of their own. And of course, thank you to our shareholders, our bondholders, the banks, the export credit agencies for continued confidence in us and for ongoing support. We are indeed poised for a great future because of the efforts and contributions of so many.  With that, I would like to take the opportunity to introduce Josh and give him the chance to say a few words before turning the call back to David. Josh?
Josh Weinstein: Thank you, Arnold. And thanks again to Micky and the entire Board of Directors for this great opportunity. I strongly believe in our company and our ability to create happiness by delivering unforgettable and much-needed vacations for our guests. This need is even more important in the current environment given the stresses of the past 2 years and the value that we all place on shared experiences with friends and family.  Now we are uniquely placed to deliver on this through our 9 leading cruise brands, each with a focus on meeting their specific guests' needs and wants. We plan on renewing our efforts to ensure each brand achieve clarity of positioning and effectively reaches their target audience. This, alongside providing cruise experiences that really resonate with their distinct guest base, will help each brand optimize its yield and growth aspirations to drive revenue.  We also expect to capitalize on our revitalized fleet, our continued portfolio optimization efforts and our unparalleled destination footprint, particularly in the Caribbean and Alaska. In addition, we have an exciting sustainability road map that underlies all of our efforts.  What also gives me tremendous confidence is our determined and resilient team around the world. They've proven time and time again for the last 2.5 years that they can absolutely achieve anything and they do it while staying true to Carnival Corporation's collective values and positive culture. All of this will help us accelerate revenues and returns, drive durable earnings growth and improve the balance sheet.  As you said, Arnold, we are clearly at an inflection point and have a bright future ahead. I'm looking forward to putting the perspectives I've gained here in my 20 years in multiple roles to work for the benefit of our shareholders and our many other stakeholders.
Arnold Donald: Thanks, Josh. We're looking forward to your leadership. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. I'll start today with a review of guest cruise operations, along with a summary of our second quarter cash flow. Next, I will touch on our 2024 mandatory auditor rotation. Then I'll provide an update on booking trends and finish up with adjusted EBITDA expectations and our current financial position.  Turning to guest cruise operations. During the second quarter 2022, we restarted 20 additional ships, resulting in 74% of our total fleet capacity in guest cruise operations for the whole of the second quarter. This was a substantial increase from 60% during the first quarter 2022.  As of today, 91% of our fleet capacity is in guest cruise operations. We were pleased to see that the second quarter 2022 revenue increased by nearly 50% compared to first quarter 2022, reflecting continued sequential improvement.  For the second quarter, occupancy was 69% across the ships in service, a significant increase from the 54% in the first quarter. We were encouraged by the very close-in demand we experienced during the second quarter for the second quarter, resulting in nearly double the close-in occupancy gains in second quarter 2022 versus second quarter 2019, a trend we had anticipated.  Revenue per passenger day for the second quarter 2022 decreased slightly from a strong 2019. As Arnold indicated, we are focused on optimizing occupancy while preserving long-term pricing. However, let's not forget the impact due to the future cruise credit, or FCC as they are more commonly called, which cost us a couple of percentage points in second quarter 2022 versus second quarter 2019. Excluding the impact of FCC's revenue per passenger cruise day, the second quarter would have been higher than a strong 2019.  Once again, our onboard and other revenue per diems were up significantly in the second quarter 2022 versus second quarter 2019, in part due to the bundled packages as well as onboard credits utilized by guests from cruises canceled during the past.  We have recently expanded our bundled package offering given their popularity. The new bundled offerings require us to make changes to the accounting allocation. As a result, in the third quarter, you will see more of the revenue left in ticket, unless allocated to onboard, impacting the onboard and other revenue per PCD comparisons for the third quarter as compared to the second quarter. Just another reason to add to the list of reasons why the best way to judge our performance is by reference to our total cruise revenue metrics.  On the cost side, our adjusted cruise cost without fuel per available lower berth day, or ALBD as it is more commonly called, for the second quarter 2022 was up 23% versus second quarter 2019. The increase in adjusted cruise cost without fuel per ALBD is driven by essentially 5 things: First, the cost of a portion of the fleet being in pause status. Second, restart-related expenses for 20 ships. Third, 24 ships being in dry dock during the quarter, which resulted in over double the number of dry-dock days during the second quarter versus the second quarter 2019. Fourth, the cost of maintaining enhanced health and safety protocols. And finally, inflation.  Remember that because a portion of the fleet was in pause status during the second quarter and the higher number of dry-dock days, we spread costs over less ALBDs.  The first half of 2022 had an unusually large number of ships in dry dock as part of our resumption of cruising ramp-up, optimizing our dry-dock schedule while the ships are not in service and ensuring that the ships were great and work great when they welcome their first guess back on board. However, the second half 2022 dry-dock schedule looks more normal by historical standards. We anticipate that many of these costs and expenses driving adjusted cruise costs without fuel per ALBD higher will end during 2022 and will not reoccur in 2023.  As a result of all of the above, we expect to see a significant improvement in adjusted cruise costs, excluding fuel per ALBD, from the first half of 2022 to the second half of 2022, with a mid-teens increase expected for the full year 2022 compared to 2019.  Next, I'll provide a summary of our second quarter cash flow. We ended the second quarter 2022 with $7.5 billion in liquidity versus $7.2 billion at the end of the first quarter. The change in liquidity during the quarter was driven essentially by 6 things: First, negative adjusted EBITDA of approximately $900 million due to our ongoing redemption of guest cruise operations, an improvement from the first quarter.  Second, our investment of $500 million in capital expenditures. Third, $200 million of debt principal payments. And fourth, $400 million of interest expense during the quarter. All of which was more than offset by a $1.4 billion increase in customer deposits during the quarter, along with the $1 billion principal amount of senior unsecured notes we issued last month.  Now I will touch on our 2024 mandatory auditor rotation. I wanted to take a moment to explain our situation as it is very different from most publicly listed companies outside the U.K. and the EU. Carnival plc, our U.K. publicly listed company, which is part of our dualistic company structure, is subject to U.K. law which requires mandatory auditor rotation. Therefore, PricewaterhouseCoopers, or PwC as they are more commonly called, must be changed as Carnival plc's auditor for the fiscal 2024 audit at the latest.  Therefore, we conducted a competitive RFP process for the independent audit of Carnival plc as well as the consolidated entity, Carnival Corporation & plc. As a result of the recently completed RFP process, yesterday, our Board of Directors appointed Deloitte as the company's independent auditor for fiscal 2024. We completed the RFP process in the first half of 2022 to ensure an orderly transition of nonaudit services for the remainder of 2022 and to ensure independence by Deloitte in 2023, as required under U.K. law.  Before I continue, I would like to add that the Board of Directors and management of Carnival Corporation & plc would like to thank PricewaterhouseCoopers for its continued service as the company's independent auditor.  Now let's look at booking trip. The higher March weekly booking volumes we talked about on our last business update continued throughout the quarter. This resulted in booking volumes for all future sailings during the second quarter 2022 being nearly double the booking volumes during the first quarter 2022. Second quarter 2022 booking volumes for all future sailings were the best quarterly booking volumes we have seen since the beginning of the pandemic, although they were still below the 2019 level.  I am happy to report that booking volumes since the beginning of April for the second half of 2022 sailings have been higher than 2019 level. All of this reflects the previously expected extended wave season. And as I said before, we were very encouraged by the close-in demand we experienced during the second quarter for the second quarter, resulting in nearly double the closing occupancy gain in second quarter 2022 versus second quarter 2019, a trend we had anticipated.  While the cumulative book position for the second half of 2022 is below the historical range, we believe we are well situated with our current second half 2022 book position given current booking volume, coupled with closer-in booking patterns. We continue to expect that occupancy will build throughout 2022 and return to historical levels in 2023.  Pricing on our cumulative book position for the second half of 2022 was lower, with or without FCC, normalized for bundled packages as compared to 2019 sailing.  For the full year 2023, our cumulative advanced book position continues to be at the higher end of the historical range and at higher prices, with or without FCC, normalize for bundled packages as compared to 2019 sailings. This is a great achievement given pricing on bookings for 2019 sailings is a tough comparison as that was a high watermark for historical yield.  During the second quarter 2022, we once again increased our advertising expense compared to the first quarter 2022 in anticipation of our full fleet being in guest cruise operations and our 8% capacity increase for 2023 versus 2019. Second quarter 2022 was the first time since the pandemic that advertising expense was above 2019 level.  I will finish up with our adjusted EBITDA expectations and our current financial position. We all know that booking trends are a leading indicator of the health of our business. With improved recent booking trends leading the way, driving customer deposits higher, positive adjusted EBITDA is clearly within our sights. Adjusted EBITDA over the first half of 2022 was impacted by restart-related spending and dry-dock expenses as 34 ships, nearly 40% of our fleet, were in dry dock during the first half of fiscal 2022.  For the third quarter, with over 90% of our capacity back in guest cruise operations and occupancy percentages building, we expect ship level cash contribution to grow. As a result, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be positive for the third quarter 2022 which, after everything we've been through, will be something worth celebrating.  With EBITDA turning positive, more liquidity than last quarter, debt maturity towers that have been well managed through 2024, we have already refinanced a portion of our 2023 maturities and we will do the rest over time.  And now I will turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: . Our first question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: Arnold, congratulations, and it was a great run. So thanks for your service. So first question would be around the booking patterns, which clearly here are continuing to strengthen. However, I guess, investors are going to, at this point, based on where your stock is, they're going to look past booking -- current booking patterns and they're going to focus on what could come next given an uncertain macro backdrop.  And I guess my question is, how would you guys attack a slowdown in bookings or load factors? In the past, you would have typically cut prices in order to keep load factors high. But this time around, if you do see bookings slow, do you think you guys and your peers will be able to stay more disciplined on the pricing side of things, so the recovery wouldn't be as steep on the other side?
Arnold Donald: A couple of quick comments. First of all, I wouldn't comment on what the others would do. You can talk to them directly. For us, we have, as we've been hit with different variants and invasion of Ukraine and other things and bringing more capacity on board, we've had to consider all of that. And at this point in time, largely we have done everything in mind of trying to keep our pricing strong going forward because we think that's the right move right now.  The positive thing here is that there is pent-up demand. And so even if there was a global recession, the reality is we are, as I said in my comments, recession-resilient historically. And this time, if there was a recession, there's tremendous pent-up demand, which in the past wasn't necessarily the case because it's been a couple of years where people have not been able to travel the way they wanted to.  So a combination of things. One is we are naturally somewhat recession-resilient. We have added tailwind of pent-up demand. And yes, we're focused on doing what we can to ultimately drive the cash we need but, at the same time, do in a manner where we can maintain pricing strength.  David may have a comment.
David Bernstein: Yes. Just one thing I'd add to that. Remember, Steve, not every recession is the same. And we are currently in a very strong labor market. And given that, if people have jobs and they feel comfortable in their jobs, they're likely to need a vacation. And remember, vacations are no longer a luxury, they're a necessity in today's world.  So I think we will do very well. As Arnold said, we are recession-resilient and we'll do very well in a recessionary environment.
Arnold Donald: And then there's -- we'll see if a recession comes right now. Savings are really high. As David pointed out, employment rates are really low. And so there's economic strength for the time being. We'll see what happens.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then second question, I guess, probably for you, David, around the recent debt raise. And we got a lot of questions from investors about why you guys would go out and raise debt north of 10% and maybe what drove you. Or maybe there was an underlying reason as to why you had to raise debt at those levels. And I guess from here, the question is going to be, what is the opportunity moving forward to refinance? Or maybe there is enough chance to refinance given where rates are at this point?
David Bernstein: Yes. So if you -- as I said on the last conference call, we were looking to, over time, refinance the $3 billion of 2023 maturities, and we were focused on that. And we took a look and we believe that we're in a rising interest rate environment. And so we did go out and we raised $1 billion at 10.5%.  It was a difficulty in the market, nobody could have predicted what would happen in the overall market. But what's interesting is despite the market backdrop, we were able to raise $1 billion within the price talk that we wanted on that day and we felt very good about that.  We're looking to do $2 billion to refinance the remaining portion, as I said in my notes, over time. But we're just averaging in. If you look at it today, interest rates are higher than they were a month or so ago when we actually did our bond offering. So I'd say that we were in a good position. We feel good about what we did. And we'll look to refinance the other $2 billion over the ensuing months ahead. And we're just averaging in.  Keep in mind, despite, I will say, adding 10.5%, if you look at our portfolio of debt, our average interest rate today is 4.5%. So we've done a great job managing the whole portfolio. And this is just one minor piece in the portfolio.
Operator: Next question from the line of Robin Farley, UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Arnold, best wishes, since this is the last earnings call you'll be joining it for. Good luck with everything.  Had a question on occupancy. I think investors kind of struggle with how much of the lower occupancy is sort of temporary, like the Omicron cancellations in Q1 and new ships going into service at lower levels. And how much -- in other words, to try to kind of see the path demand there, I wonder if you could give us a little bit of color on sort of the sequential build in occupancy through Q2, I know you normally wouldn't give that level of detail. And/or maybe something with your visibility on Q3, which I think normally you would be 80% to 90% booked by now. And just kind of are you seeing, for ticket price relative to '19 and occupancy, with that level of visibility, I don't know if you can comment a little more specifically.
Arnold Donald: Yes, you bet, Robin. I'll have David share some details. But the overarching comment would be that we have real strength in occupancy. And we had some intentionally constrained occupancy as we brought ships on back online because of protocols in different places and so on. We also had some isolated situations where we're moving crew around temporarily as we were staffing up with crew and constrained capacity for those reasons as well.  But overall, our occupancy -- but our occupancy rates, as we shared, have really improved over time here. And as we mentioned, the Carnival brand is looking at 110% occupancy in the third quarter. So we have more capacity sailing and occupancy is rising nicely. And as the world continues to relax and become comfortable managing the virus and restrictions are relaxed, we see things moving more into the direction of the Carnival brand where things are more normalized even though they still have some restrictions right now. David?
David Bernstein: Yes. So during the second quarter, I mean, the variance between the months, it went from 67% to 71%, which is why we wound up overall with that 69% occupancy for the quarter. So -- and as Arnold said, we're approaching 80% for the month of June. And with booking trends good, we continue to build.  So -- but keep in mind, that as I had indicated, we started 20 ships in the second quarter. And of course, there are a number of cruises, we're early on, we constrain occupancy to ensure we practice and the guests have a great time. And so we build on those ships, and you can see the benefit of that when we got to June.  So we feel very good about the overall trend. It is positive. Moving in the right direction. And we do expect to see an improving trend in the third quarter and into 2023.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And maybe just as a follow-up question on the expense commentary. You put -- you mentioned a lot of sort of buckets about pause status, ship restart costs, dry dock, all of those as being part of that 23% increase. And I know you mentioned that will improve significantly by year-end. I wonder if you could quantify a little bit of how much of that increase was just inflation in health and safety.  In other words, the other factors all being somewhat temporary, the pause status, the restart cost, the dry dock, how much of those sort of 23 points are -- go away automatically just by having your -- the fleet back in service? Just so we can think about kind of where you could get to by the end of the year in terms of expense per passenger per se.
David Bernstein: Yes. I think the best way for you to -- you can do your own quantification and it's pretty easy. If you think about, we were sort of 24% up per ALBD for the first half. And all you have to do is if you're mid-teens for the full year, you can back into where we were for the second half, taking out the pause status, the restart, the dry docks. Because I did say that the dry docks in the back half of the year were going to be sort of more normal like in terms of the number of dry-dock days. So if you back into the number, you'll be able to see where we are for the back half of the year, which is a better reflection overall than the first half.  Now there's still noise in that because supply chain disruption and other things. And we are working really hard to manage that down. And we will do that. So -- but that's probably the best way to back into it.
Robin Farley: I know that simple average would get you to kind of a mid-single digit for the second half. But I guess I was wondering by kind of the end of the year, really thinking about 2023, that's how I was looking for sort of what pieces would maybe go to...
David Bernstein: I understand. And I'm not in a position to give cost guidance for 2023 at this point. But I was just trying to give you some directional. You can see what the back half is, and we'll manage through all of those items effectively over the next 6 months. And like I always say, we hope to do better. But at this point, it would be premature for me to give you cost guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: I'd be interested in hearing how you guys are seeing differences between domestic and international consumers, particularly because of this transition of Costa ship, maybe being this rebranding with Carnival and whether or not that's signaling anything?
Arnold Donald: Yes, I think just generally, obviously, Europe in many ways is more challenged from consumer demand standpoint as it relates to travel to an extent than North America. And what you're seeing in the move with Costa by Carnival and the transfer of the Luminosa in Australia to Carnival is part of a rightsizing of Costa for what we see as a European environment which has complicated not only by COVID and macroeconomic conditions, somewhat triggered by invasion of Ukraine, but also the invasion of Ukraine. And so all of those things are impacting the European market sector. So we're reallocating to brands that have stronger demand, that are in a stronger position. That's one of the beautiful things, our assets are mobile.  So -- but overall, we still see strong demand in Europe. And there are portions of Europe, the U.K. in particular. Also we see some continuing strength in portions of Germany and what have you. And so we see a good market in Europe, a strong market in North America. And we're just reallocating across the brands to optimize our portfolio and maximize the cash generation and position us for the long term.
David Bernstein: If I can build on that a little bit. I did want to point out, so we talked about our bookings in the second quarter nearly doubling the -- what they were in the first quarter. So the NAA brands were a little bit over double than the EA brands, which includes Costa, we're a little bit less than double book, I mean everything is heading in the right direction. There is good, solid, strong demand in all the brands. But the NAA brands are doing, from a booking trend perspective, a little bit better than the EA brands.  I'd also like to point out, add to Arnold's comments, about Costa by Carnival. Because keep in mind, a big chunk of Costa's capacity in 2019 was in China. And so with that market at the moment closed, we rather than take all of that capacity and put it in Europe, we created a new market towards the Carnival guests which we think will expand the market here in North America and we'll be in a much better position overall.  So we feel very good about all of our brands and the direction and we are managing it appropriately as you could see, what Arnold talked about the moves of the ships.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then David, I don't think it was explicitly noted, but in the past, I think you guys had pointed to 2023 EBITDA above 2019 levels. And do you still feel like the business is tracking in the right direction to achieve that?
David Bernstein: So I said that quite a number of times. I think we are -- what I've always said is we have the potential for EBITDA to be greater in 2023 than 2019. That one big wildcard, of course, is the price of fuel which has risen quite a bit in the last few months. So just keep that in mind. But there is, with the occupancy improving over time, there certainly is that potential.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with Truist.
Charles Scholes: Arnold, best wishes as well. Well, first question is, can you comment on your potential willingness to sell brands to -- one or more brands to help shore up the balance sheet?
Arnold Donald: Well, we're very pleased with our portfolio of brands. Having said that, our job is always to keep an open mind and do what's best for the shareholders. And so we would absolutely, again, evaluate any and all options. But we're only going to do what makes sense for the shareholders given our projections of opportunity given the portfolio we have.
Charles Scholes: Okay. Fair enough. And then my second question is a bit of a clarification on some of the text in the earnings release where you noted that cumulative advanced bookings for the second half of '22 are now below the historical range, which implies -- obviously it was lowered from the previous where you said it was at lower end. Specifically, you noted here, this position is consistent with its expected improving occupancy levels for the second half of '22. Can you explain a little bit more what that last phrase means? I'm not quite understanding what you mean by consistent with expected improving occupancy levels.
David Bernstein: Yes. So what we were trying to -- yes, what we're just trying to say there is, like Arnold indicated, that in the month of June, in his prepared remarks, he said occupancy was approaching 80%. And so what we were trying to say is despite the fact that we were below the historical range, we do expect, because of the closer-in nature of the booking patterns, to see occupancy in the back half of 2022 to be higher than the 69% in the second quarter. And that's all we were really trying to indicate to people with that statement.
Operator: Next question from the line of James Hardiman with Citi.
James Hardiman: Arnold, I wanted to reiterate congratulations and good luck with what's next. Wanted to hone in a little bit on some of the pricing commentary, particularly the revenue per passenger cruise day. I think you said that number was down a little bit. There was some -- a little bit of an FCC headwind there. But I think that same number was up north of 7% in the last quarter.  Obviously, there's this growing concern that the industry is going to need to push price a little bit to fill these ships. Maybe speak to that idea. As we continue to fill up the ships in the third quarter and beyond, should we expect that pricing number to go down, down further? And then obviously, we're going to get back to some of that FCC impact. But sort of excluding that piece, how should we think about revenue per passenger cruise day as we continue to raise occupancy?
David Bernstein: So -- okay. I think, overall, Arnold in his notes talked about the fact that we were focused on maximizing occupancy while preserving price in the long term. And so we are very keen on that. We did increase advertising expense in the second quarter for that purpose to create more demand. We are seeing more first timers. We had mentioned the fact that we saw a significant improvement in first timers. So what we're trying to do here is we're building towards historical occupancy levels in 2023 with better pricing. As we indicated, the pricing for 2023 is up.  But with the shorter booking window and the use of OPay channels and the use of limited promotions, we are driving occupancy in the short term in order to optimize the EBITDA and the cash flow from operations of the business.  So while I'm not prepared to give you guidance on the third and fourth quarter gross revenue per PCD, which, by the way, if you just think about the third quarter, one of the things to remember is we hope to have a lot of kids on board in the third quarter. And those thirds and fourths will also generally, they add to the revenue, they add to the bottom line. But they will also on a per PCD basis be lower than the lower berths, both for the ticket and the onboard. The kids don't generally spend as much on board either. But we're happy to have them all on board.  So there are factors in there that you have to consider as you think about the trend per PCD from third to fourth quarter and beyond.
Arnold Donald: And with the increase in occupancy that we experienced in the second quarter, even with also the capacity increase we had in the second quarter, when you normalize the FCCs, our pricing did not decline.
James Hardiman: That's really helpful color. And maybe you already answered this to some degree, but if I sort of zoom out here for a minute. Historically, the industry has largely used this price to fill paradigm. And I think with some of these metrics, the concern is that we'll return to that. We were -- pre-pandemic, we were -- it seemed like in a better place, thinking more about long-term pricing opportunity. Maybe speak to if there's been any change in your philosophy pre pandemic to now just given the importance of filling up these ships and getting to positive free cash flow.
David Bernstein: So one of the things that you have to think about in all of this is, over time, we are already seeing it, but we -- the protocol friction is reducing. Just recently, they dropped -- the U.S. dropped the testing requirements for people to get back into the U.S. from international places. And we are seeing -- we are starting to see the ability for us to reduce our protocols and reduce the friction. And I think that will bring back people from the sidelines and will create additional demand which will allow us to get better occupancy at a better price.  So directionally, with more first timers coming on board and the reduced protocols, we feel very good about the future over the next few quarters in 2023.
Arnold Donald: And keep in mind, as you track all of this, that there are mix issues in here, too. Just portfolio mix and overall brand positioning as well as specific itinerary -- itineraries available and what have you. So the average price is, there's a lot of noise in that. And the overall -- the message we're sending and what we are experiencing is an encouragement of a strong market coming back, pent-up demand and us carefully managing that, thoughtfully managing it, as we create the cash and at the same time position the business well for the future.
Operator: Next question from the line of Dan Politzer, Wells Fargo.
Daniel Politzer: And Arnold, best of luck. And Josh, congratulations on the new position. So I had a question on customer deposits and how we should think about this for the rest of the year. Obviously, it was very strong in the second quarter. I mean, there's typically a decline sequentially. So just as we think about cash flow for the rest of the year and how customer deposits flow through, is it safe to say that the third quarter should -- is not going to be cash flow positive or -- just given that there's that sequential decline? Or given the extent that you guys continue to recover in terms of your bookings and operations, the third quarter could continue to be cash flow positive?
David Bernstein: So that's a great question and we've been trying to answer that. I will tell you that in the last -- since the end of May, customer deposits have continued to increase. They're up a few hundred million dollars. So that at least directionally in the last -- what has it been, 3.5 weeks, that's where we're at.  Normally, during the third quarter, there is a reduction because we reach the seasonal high peak at the end of May. But there are offsetting factors this year that we would expect to see. With more ships coming back online and higher occupancies, that should mitigate any normal seasonalization. Whether it completely mitigates it or not, it's very hard for me to predict at this point. But there are some mitigating factors to the normal seasonalization of customer deposits.
Daniel Politzer: Yes. One more quick one, if I could just squeeze it in. On just the newer cruise product, a lot of your fleet has been refreshed. To what extent have you been able to capture that pricing? Typically, the newer product gets a premium price but this is kind of a weird environment. Have you been able to capture that? And if so, any kind of metrics or a way to quantify that?
David Bernstein: Yes. It's very hard to tell. I mean we look at so many things, but...
Arnold Donald: There's so many variables right now.
David Bernstein: So many variables right now, it is just very, very difficult to tell in a comparison going back to 2019. So we look at the total, we manage it appropriately. I will tell you, those new ships are performing very well, high levels of occupancy, generating significant cash flows. And as we move forward, I suspect that we will be able to continue to generate a premium there.  Arnold indicated nearly 1/4 of our fleet will be new in 2023 or newly delivered. The average age of our fleet, believe it or not, I think I said this before maybe on one of the previous calls, but from 2019 to 2023, despite the passage of 4 years, the average age of our fleet went down 1 year. So that we've got a lot of new capacity which should help very well both on the revenue side and on the cost side from an efficiency perspective and better fuel consumption. So we are very excited about the future and delivering memorable vacation experiences to probably 14 million people in 2023 as we go for historical occupancy levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva, Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Arnold, you'll be missed. But Josh, very happy that you received this great position responsibility and triple promotion. So I do have a good question for you, hopefully.  With the Costa by Carnival concept, that is obviously something that would be a long-term fixture. We're not just moving ships around for the next 2 or 3 years. Do you believe that this is something that could be expanded? And does the Costa fuel play any role in terms of what ships might actually continue to join the new concept?  LNG deliveries have been somewhat difficult, I guess, in Europe. We had issues with Costa in South America last winter season. So how do you see the development of the concept? And what are the key parameters that would actually play into it?
Arnold Donald: I'm going to have Josh comment on the overall brand positioning and stuff as we go forward.  But real quickly on the LNG fuel question. LNG, as you know, is the cleanest burning fossil fuel. It gives us a 20% reduction in carbon emissions, et cetera. But the shifts are dual, so they can also burn MGO. And so that, unto itself, wouldn't impact the future of the Costa brand. We'll burn LNG whenever it makes sense to do so, which we think will be the majority of the life of the ships. But there are times where we'll obviously opt to burn MGO.  But in terms of the Costa by Carnival positioning, it's a new concept, and I'll let Josh share his thoughts on it. Go ahead, Josh.
Josh Weinstein: Just one thing to clarify. Obviously, the 2 ships that we're talking about that are going under this Costa by Carnival umbrella are not LNG ships. So that obviously didn't enter into our mindset at all. So just to reiterate Arnold's point.  And with respect to the positioning, I think this is a great example of leveraging the scale of this corporation. Because what we could have done is taken those ships, new beautiful ships, solely under the Costa name and try to introduce them into the North American market on a stand-alone basis. But this is actually the opportunity to leverage everything that Carnival does so well here in the United States and Canada for its guest base.  So by marrying that along with Costa's beautiful tonnage and onboard experiences, we have the ability to marry that up and make a best go of creating something really special. So the short answer is, we absolutely expect this to be successful and we don't look at this as something short term. But ideally, it will be something that works and we can build upon.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. So currently, no further plans. Obviously, you've made plans for 2023 and 2024. So that's plenty of time and capacity coming in the 2 ships. So at this point, it's too early to discuss whether this would become sort of a mini brand on its own.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. I think let's try it out with two ships, and then we'll see how we do. But that's it for now.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, everyone. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Okay. Thank you, everyone. Really appreciate it. And looking forward to listening to these as we go forward and hearing the great news coming from Josh and our team. So thank you all very much, and have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-03-22 11:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, and welcome to our business update conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. We'd like to thank you all for joining us this morning. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Prior to getting into the details of the update, I just first want to say my heart goes out to all those affected by the invasion of Ukraine. I know thousands of members of our Carnival family are directly impacted and have loved ones in the area. We, along with the rest of the world, are praying for a peaceful resolution. Now concerning our business. We're well on our way back to full cruise operations with 3/4 of our capacity having resumed guest operations and a plan to return the balance of the fleet for the summer season. And while the conversation around COVID-19 is greatly reduced, we still have to and are successfully actively managing. Our enhanced protocols have helped us become among the safest forms of socializing and travel with far lower incident rates than on land. In fact, we have carried more than 2 million since resuming guest operations. Our guests are enjoying great vacations, and we are enjoying historically high guest satisfaction scores. Of course, we have not lost sight of our highest responsibility and, therefore, our top priority, which is always compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of everyone: our guests; the people and the communities we touch and serve; and of course, our Carnival family, our team members shipboard and shoreside. I'd like to start today by sincerely thanking our Carnival team members for their significant contributions which collectively have gotten us to where we are today despite a multitude of challenges. Through their collective efforts, so far, we successfully returned 64 ships to guest operations; enabled over 70,000 crew members to return to work, happy, healthy and vaccinated through our team's considerable efforts to secure and distribute vaccines; reopened our 8 owned and operated private destinations and port facilities, which about half of our guests have experienced since resuming operations. Princess Cay, Half Moon Cay, Grand Turk, Mahogany Bay, Amber Cove, Cozumel, Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Barcelona; and most importantly, delivered 2.2 million joyful vacations and counting. At the same time, we also managed down operating costs, reducing our monthly adjusted EBITDA losses by 40% since mid-2020; completed a continuous stream of capital raising, exceeding $29 billion; refinanced more than $9 billion of debt, improving interest rates; amended over 100 different lender agreements; and successfully addressed our maturity tower out through 2024, all of which culminated in a consistent liquidity position exceeding $7 billion, an integral part of reinforcing stakeholder confidence.  At our scale, the sheer volume of these accomplishments is no small feat. Yet these challenging operational deliverables were achieved while encountering strong headwinds like: Delta, Omicron, complex, constraining and constantly changing regulations and protocols; and more recently, the very troubling invasion of Ukraine, all of which undermine consumer confidence and generate greater friction on cross-border travel, labor, supply chain, itinerary planning and more. Now concerning the invasion of Ukraine. For the 4.6% of our capacity that was expected to call on Russian ports in the remainder of the year, we have decided to totally withdraw from Russia and have found attractive alternatives. That said, St. Petersburg was a marquee port for us. And while there have been times where we were unable to offer certain itineraries, in this instance, the close end nature of the deployment change does lead to some regional disruption in recent booking patterns.  Now while the invasion has added some volatility to our business and does impact consumer confidence, with 50 years under our belt, we have successfully managed through a plethora of headwinds like: spikes in fuel prices, the Gulf War, Arab Spring, September 11, Ebola, Zika, SARS, MERS and more. And once again, the mobility of ships continues to be an asset. Time and time again, we have seen guests travel through challenges. In fact, Carnival Cruise Line turned 50 this month and recently enjoyed its 3 best weeks of bookings since resuming operations. As we previously disclosed, we had experienced an impact on booking patterns more broadly at the start of our fiscal year due to the Omicron variant. Despite Omicron, guests carried grew by nearly 20% in the first quarter. Of course, albeit less than we would have otherwise achieved without the elevated cancellations which occurred in part due to a higher incidence of pretravel positive COVID test results as well as the difficulties that many prospective guests experienced obtaining timely tests. Moreover, there was just an overall impact Omicron had on our society over the course of our first quarter. However, we did maintain price as we said we would, and we fully expect an extended wave season. In fact, we're already achieving occupancies in the month of March that are nearing 70% with more than 40 sailings exceeding 100% occupancy, a testament to the underlying demand for crews and closer in nature of booking patterns. Concerning recent fuel prices. It's certainly not the first time we've seen a dramatic spike in fuel prices. Helping to address that, we aggressively manage our consumption. And we are stepping up our efforts to further reduce consumption. Now historically, we have not used fuel derivatives. And while there is an optics benefit of smoothing earnings, over time, prices have gone up and they've also come down. But there is an economic cost to derivatives. Over the past few years, we're very glad not to have speculated with fuel derivatives because it would have been a further drain on cash. With our proactive efforts to reduce our carbon footprint since 2007, we have reduced our unit fuel consumption nearly 30% and carbon intensity nearly 25% through 2019. And thanks to accelerated efforts across the board, upon reaching full fleet operations, we anticipate that we will achieve a further 10% reduction in unit fuel consumption and 9% reduction in carbon intensity as compared to 2019. In fact, we've been working hard to resume operations not only a strong operating company but a more sustainable, better all-around company. We made further strides towards those efforts again this quarter. During the quarter, we enhanced our fleet optimization efforts, delivering 3 new ships: Costa Toscana, AIDAcosma and Discovery Princess, bringing the total to 9 larger, more efficient ships delivered since 2019. Moreover, we've announced the removal of an additional 3 smaller, less efficient ships, bringing the total to 22 ships to be removed from the fleet also since 2019. The accelerated removal of these less efficient ships has lowered capacity growth to 2.2% compound annually from the previous 4.5% through 2025, which should enable us to capitalize on pent-up demand on intentionally constrained capacity. The fleet optimization effort will also foster higher revenues through a 7 percentage point increase in premium-priced balcony cabins and an even better platform for onboard revenue opportunities as well as generating a 5% reduction in ship level unit costs, excluding fuel, going forward, enabling us to deliver more revenue to the bottom line. Upon returning to full operations, nearly 1/4 of our capacity will consist of newly delivered ships, expediting our return to profitability and improving our return on invested capital. Again, we have long since recognized the importance of reducing our carbon footprint having peaked our absolute carbon emissions more than a decade ago. And we are continuing to innovate to effect change. AIDAprima will become our first ship to pilot battery power, enabling her to optimize the efficiency of the engines while at sea, reducing emissions. We also signed ground-breaking agreements through our subsidiary, Ecospray, to partner in the production of green bio-LNG generated from waste sources. In addition, we continue to invest to drive energy efficiency, rolling out our fourth in a series of 23 ships with innovative air lubrication system, which reduces drag on the haul and generates nearly 5% reduction in carbon emissions. We've also taken strides to reduce our impact on climate change and mitigate climate risk in our business. We are working toward full adoption of the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, that's TCFD, and have begun by reinforcing our strong governance framework with my assuming the role of Chief Climate Officer, and with the formation of our Strategic Risk Evaluation Committee to further support climate-related strategic decision-making and risk management processes. Having broadened our commitments to ESG with the introduction of our 2030 sustainability goals and our 2050 aspirations, we are tracking ahead on both our important food waste and single-use plastic reduction efforts. And we are nearing completion on the rollout of more than 600 food waste biodigesters across our fleet, the most advanced technology of its kind. We believe we have clearly maximized our return to service, and we have positioned our company well to withstand volatility on our path to profitability. Throughout the pause, we have been proactively managing to resume operations as an even stronger and more efficient operating company to maximize cash generation and to deliver double-digit return on invested capital over time. Again, our cash flow will be the primary driver to return to investment-grade credit over time, creating greater shareholder value. There have been multiple demonstrations of the resilience of the human spirit and the resilience of our business. It is heartening that our company can be a part of bringing our guests much needed social enjoyment with family and with friends, along with the excitement of experiencing new destinations and cultures, all dearly missed throughout the pandemic. I referenced Carnival Cruise Line celebrating 50 years. 50 years, frankly, seems such a short time ago that Ted Arison started Carnival Cruise Line and along with Micky, built the modern day cruise industry, bringing joy from millions upon millions of guests and creating hundreds of thousands of jobs with all that means and creating better quality of life around the world. Of course, it cannot have been done without the overwhelming support from everyone. So once again, thank you to our valued guests. Thank you to our travel agent partners. Thank you to our home port and destination communities. Thank you to our suppliers and other many stakeholders. And of course, thank you to our shareholders, bondholders, banks and the export credit agencies for your continued confidence in us and for your ongoing support. And again, I would like to thank our team members for their dedication, their commitment and their outstanding execution. We are excited to welcome everyone back on board. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein : Thank you, Arnold. I'll start today with a review of guest cruise operations, along with a summary of our first quarter cash flows. Then I'll provide an update on booking trends and finish up with adjusted EBITDA and net income expectations. Turning to guest cruise operations. During the first quarter 2022, we restarted 10 additional ships, resulting in 60% of our fleet capacity in guest cruise operations for the whole of the first quarter. This was a substantial increase from 47% during the fourth quarter 2021. As of today, 75% of our fleet capacity has resumed guest cruise operations. Agility to continuously adapt to the ever-changing landscape has been one of our greatest strengths during the pandemic. In the first quarter, we continued to demonstrate this scale as we adjusted restart dates to optimize our guest cruise operations. And we now expect each brand's full fleet to be back in guest cruise operations for its respective summer season where we historically generate the largest share of our operating income. I am happy to report that just last week, we announced plans for our Australia restart, commencing at the end of May after the government advised that cruising would be permitted beginning in April. For the first quarter, occupancy was 54% across the ships in service. We never expected to achieve our historical 100-plus percent occupancies for the first quarter since many of these sailings were confirmed just a number of months before departure, which resulted in less than the normal booking lead time. However, we had anticipated first quarter occupancy would exceed the 58% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2021. We started the quarter with over 55% cabin occupancy booked for the first quarter and expected to improve upon that during the quarter. However, during the first quarter 2022, as a result of the Omicron variant, we experienced an impact on bookings for near-term sailings, including higher cancellations resulting from an increase in pretravel positive test results, challenges in the availability of timely pretravel tests and disruption that Omicron caused on society during this time. All of this inhibited our ability to build on our cabin occupancy book position for the first quarter 2022 during the first quarter, resulting in occupancy for the first quarter 2022 at 54% being lower than the 58% occupancy we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2021. Despite all that, during the first quarter, we carried over 1 million guests, which was nearly a 20% increase from the fourth quarter 2021. Once again, our brands executed extremely well with Net Promoter Scores continuing at elevated levels compared to pre-COVID scores. Revenue per passenger day for the first quarter 2022 increased approximately 7.5% compared to a strong 2019 despite our lucrative world cruises and exotic voyages being shelved this year. Our revenue management teams held on price when we experienced an impact on bookings for near-term sailings, optimizing our longer-term prospects for future revenue and pricing. Once again, our onboard and other revenue per diems were up significantly in the first quarter 2022 versus the first quarter 2019, in part due to the bundled packages as well as onboard credits utilized by guests from cruises canceled during the pause. We had great growth in onboard and other per diems on both sides of the Atlantic. Increases in bar, casino, shops, spa and Internet led the way onboard. Over the past 2.5 years, we have offered and our guests have chosen more and more bundled package options.  In the end, we will see the benefit of these bundled packages in onboard and other revenue. As a result of these bundled packages, the line between passenger ticket and onboard revenue is blurred. For accounting purposes, we allocate the total price paid by the guests between the 2 categories. Therefore, the best way to judge our performance is by reference to our total cruise revenue metrics. On the cost side, our adjusted cruise cost without fuel per available lower berth day, or ALBD as it is more commonly called, for the first quarter 2022, was up 25%. I did say adjusted cruise costs and not net cruise costs, a term we had previously used. The calculation of adjusted cruise costs and net cruise costs are the same. However, we felt the new name more appropriately lined up with our other non-GAAP measures of adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA, which are also referenced in our business update press release issued earlier this morning. The increase in adjusted cruise costs without fuel per ALBD is driven essentially by 5 things: first, the cost of a portion of the fleet being in pause status; second, restart related expenses; third, 15 ships being in dry dock during the quarter, which resulted in nearly double the number of dry dock days during the first quarter versus the first quarter 2019; fourth, the cost of maintaining enhanced health and safety protocols; and finally, inflation. Remember, that because a portion of the fleet was in pause status during the first quarter and the higher number of dry dock days, we spread costs over less ALBDs. I did want to point out that in the second quarter of 2022, we expect a further 24 ships to enter dry dock as part of our resumption of cruising ramp-up, optimizing our dry dock schedule while the ships are not in service and ensuring that the ships look great when they welcome their first guests back onboard. This will again result in a doubling of the dry dock days during the quarter compared to 2019, which will impact adjusted cruise cost without fuel per ALBD during the second quarter.  We anticipate that many of these costs and expenses driving adjusted cruise costs without fuel per ALBD higher will end during 2022 and will not reoccur in 2023. As a result of all of the above, we expect to see a significant improvement in adjusted cruise costs, excluding fuel per ALBD, from the first half of 2022 to the second half of 2022 with a low double-digit increase expected for the full year 2022 compared to 2019. Next, I'll provide a summary of our first quarter cash flows. We ended the first quarter 2022 with $7.2 billion in liquidity versus $9.4 million at the end of the fourth quarter. Looking forward, we believe we remain well positioned given our liquidity. The change in liquidity during the quarter was driven essentially by 4 things. First, an improved negative adjusted EBITDA of $1 billion due to our ongoing resumption of guest cruise operations despite the impact of the Omicron variant. We had thought adjusted EBITDA was going to improve more. But as I said before, the Omicron variant inhibited our ability to grow occupancy during the quarter, which limited the improvement in adjusted EBITDA. Second, our investment of $400 million in capital expenditures net of export credits. Third, $500 million of debt principal payments. And fourth, $400 million of interest expense during the quarter. Now let's look at booking trends. Since the middle of January, we have seen an improving trend in booking volumes for future sailings. Recent weekly booking volumes have been higher than at any point since the restart of guest cruise operations. During the first quarter, we increased our booked occupancy position for the second half of 2022, albeit not at the same pace as a typical wave season due to the Omicron variant. As a result, the cumulative advanced book position for the second half of 2022 is at the lower end of the historical range.  However, we believe we are well situated with our current second half 2022 book position given the recent improvement in booking volumes, coupled with closer in booking patterns and our expectation for an extended wave season. We continue to expect that occupancy will build throughout 2022 and return to historical levels in 2023. And importantly, I am happy to report that prices on these bookings for the second half of 2022 continue to be higher with or without future cruise credits, or more commonly called FCCs, normalized for bundled packages as compared to 2019 sailings. Our cumulative advanced book position for the first half of 2023 continues to be at the higher end of the historical range, also at higher prices with or without FCCs normalized for bundled packages as compared to 2019 sailings. This is a great achievement given pricing on bookings for 2019 sailings is a tough comparison as that was a high watermark for historical yields. I will finish up with our adjusted EBITDA and net income expectations. We all know that booking trends are a leading indicator of the health of our business. With improved recent booking trends leading the way, driving customer deposits higher, positive adjusted EBITDA is clearly within our sights. Over the next few months, we expect ship level cash contribution to grow as more ships return to service and as we build on our occupancy percentages. However, as I've already said, adjusted EBITDA over the first half of 2022 has been or will be impacted by the restart-related spending and dry dock expenses as 39 ships, over 40% of our fleet, will have been in dry dock during the first half of fiscal 2022. Given all these factors combined, we expect monthly adjusted EBITDA to continue to improve and turn consistently positive at the beginning of our summer season. We continue to expect a net loss for the second quarter of 2022 on both a U.S. GAAP and adjusted basis. However, we expect the profit for the third quarter of 2022. For the full year, we do expect a net loss. Looking to brighter days ahead in 2023, with the full fleet back in service all year, 8% more capacity than 2019 and improved fleet profile with nearly 1/4 of our capacity consisting of newly delivered ships, continuing momentum on our outstanding Net Promoter Scores and occupancy returning to historical levels, we are looking forward to providing memorable vacation experiences to nearly 14 million guests and generating potentially greater adjusted EBITDA than 2019. And now I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator:  And we'll proceed with our first question on the line from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. I have one revenue and one expense question. For expenses, you talked about it being up 20 -- this is the nonfuel expense, up 25% in Q1 and sort of up low double digits for the year. So if that's kind of up 11% or 12% for the year, it sounds like it would be close to flat with 2019 by the end of this year. So I wanted to make sure we're thinking about those numbers right. And your comments included the idea that with the ship sales well have a 5% reduction in operating expense ex fuel in 2023 versus '19. So I know you're not sort of giving full guidance for '23. But is that the way to think about nonfuel expense being kind of flat by the end of this year and then kind of down 5% next year? That's the expense question. And then on the revenue side, obviously, lots of positive news about the incremental volume build. I wonder if you could comment a little bit more specifically on sort of European itineraries versus the rest, which just to think about how price may be holding up outside of Europe, and then also how the incremental European cruises -- you might have a lot at high prices from kind of the last 12 months that have been shifted there for the summer, but maybe how that incremental European demand is looking in terms of price impact.
Arnold Donald: Robin, I'll have David comment a little bit on both. But directionally, on the cost question, as he articulated, we had a lot of capacity out in dry dock, et cetera. So we're doing stuff over a smaller number of birds in terms of looking at the cost increases. And we had lots of onetime costs and so on. So we're not giving guidance for next year.  But as we indicated, as you look through the second half of the year and see how the cost increases will be softer, we're pointing in the right direction. And we've done a lot of things going forward, including with the change in the fleet with a significant part of our capacity 25% being new ships, which are inherently more efficient. But also all the active management things we've done with the existing fleet, the pre-existing fleet, exiting less efficient ships and so on and then shoreside as well. We're doing a number of things to offset inflation and to just make ourselves a better company from a cost infrastructure standpoint.  So David, I'll let you comment on the cost and we can get back to the revenue. David, go ahead.
David Bernstein: Yes. So directionally, Robin, your math is correct, I mean, overall speaking. To get back to a low double digit for the year, you do have to sort of get directionally towards that flattish area by the end of the year. But let's -- I'll remind you of one thing that I've said many times before. Costs do vary by quarter because of a variety of things, dry dock, advertising, et cetera. So as Arnold said, we're not giving guidance for 2023. And overall, he mentioned all of the, I guess, tailwinds that help us achieve improved operating costs and adjusted cruise costs for 2023. I will also mention that we have 8% more capacity, so we get leverage versus 2019. We also get some shoreside SG&A leverage. But I will remind you, it is 4 years of inflation that is the headwind. So that is a challenge. And so we will do everything we can to properly manage the cost for 2023. But it is a little bit premature for us to give guidance at this point.
Arnold Donald: Thanks, David. Do you want to start on the revenue, David? And I can wrap up. Go ahead.
David Bernstein: Yes. So on the revenue side, what's interesting, when you look at all of the different itineraries, we had mentioned the uptick in recent booking volumes. And we're actually seeing that uptick across all the different itineraries, whether it be in the Caribbean, in the Med and also even parts of Northern Europe.  The exception, of course, is we did have, as Arnold said in his notes, I guess, 4.6% of our capacity for the remainder of the year. That's actually 3.8% for the whole year, touched on, went to St. Petersburg. And we did, I guess, change -- we moved 2 ships. And we changed the attractive itineraries for the remaining ships that are in the Baltic to go to other ports. So we have seen the bookings for those ships impacted.  But remember, it's early days, and we just made the changes to those itineraries. So we've got to get the message out. But for all of the rest of the itineraries, across the board, whether they be in the Med, East, West Med, Caribbean and other parts of the world, we are seeing good solid booking trends at good solid pricing. We mentioned that our revenue management teams are holding pricing. And we are seeing good volume.  I will point out that for the second -- bookings for the second quarter, we've even seen volumes that exceeded the 2019 levels, which I guess is not surprising from the perspective that, we have more inventory to sell for the second quarter than we did for 2019. But it's great that the demand is there and we are seeing the volume. And as Arnold indicated in his notes, in the month of March, we are seeing occupancies approach 70%. And we even had I think he said 40 voyages where occupancy exceeded 100% or expect to exceed 100%. So I think we are well positioned around the globe. And we'll also work very hard to get those remaining itineraries booking again now that we readjusted them with other attractive ports.
Robin Farley: That's great. I think that commentary addresses so much of what investors have been concerned about. And then just to clarify, did I mishear when -- I thought I heard you say 5% reduction in operating expense ex fuel by 2023 versus '19. Was that 5%?
David Bernstein: Yes. So Arnold had indicated that 5% was in ship operating expenses. And that's on an apples-to-apples basis, putting everything else aside as a result of the fleet optimization, just looking at a comparison to 2019. Of course, there's changes in itinerary, there's also -- which impact that. There's inflation which impacts that. There's other cost savings that we're working hard. That was just the fleet optimization portion. And that was obviously a great tailwind to help us reduce costs as we go into 2023.
Operator: We'll proceed our next question on the line from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: So I want to ask about onboard revenues. And I think there's a fear now that consumers might start pulling back on spending given -- whether it's higher fuel prices or other economic headwinds that might be out there. So given you guys have realtime data in terms of onboard spend, have you guys seen anything over the last couple of weeks that would make you believe the consumer might be starting to slow down once they come onboard? And I guess is there -- have you seen any difference in spending patterns across your different geographies?
Arnold Donald: Haven't seen any particular slowdown or anything like that in terms of onboard spend, it's been very strong, has continued to be healthy around the world, has been up everywhere. So don't see major distinctions from one geography to the next. As we get to full occupancy and we carry more kids in the summer, that kind of thing, you can see the the kind of per diems maybe will change a little bit. But overall, the spending is significantly up and has continued to be so far.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then second question would be around the liquidity position. It looks like you burned around $700 a month in the first quarter. And I guess with some disruptions around Omicron and now the war and fuel, just maybe wondering at what level of liquidity you would start to get, I don't know if I'd use the word, uneasy. And I guess a better way to ask that question might be, do you see anything on the horizon that would make you believe that you might need to increase your liquidity base moving forward?
Arnold Donald: We've had good liquidity through this period. We will obviously continue to monitor. But as we move ahead and get more of our ships sailing and are able to generate obviously more revenue and more customer deposits, et cetera. At this stage, we feel we're in good shape on liquidity and see that going forward. If something changes, of course, obviously, we'll report at that time. But right now, we feel good about our liquidity position.  David? Go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: Can I just -- first of all, the one thing on the onboard revenue, the only thing I want to add that Arnold didn't mention is we have been raising price onboard. There's been -- there is strong demand. And obviously, with the environment being what it is, there's been an opportunity to raise price, and we've been capturing that opportunity. And as far as the liquidity, I guess, the 2 things that we continue to think about, in addition to what Arnold mentioned, is we think about refinancing our 2L notes, which are still out there. And of course, we have $3 billion of maturities in 2023 that we think about what is the optimal time to refinance that. But other than that, I just want to add those concepts as we think through those in the ensuing months and quarters ahead.
Operator: We'll get to our next question on the line from the line of James Hardiman with Citi.
James Hardiman: A couple of my questions on the pricing front. So you guys spoke to revenue per passenger cruise day being up 7.5%. I think that number for the November quarter was plus 4%, which is obviously encouraging, right? I think the concern was that pricing benefited from the fact that these cruise ships weren't full in that the last, whatever, 20% to 30% of the rooms would come in at a discount. And so we couldn't really take that pricing strength to the bank. But this is a sample of 2, obviously. That pricing actually accelerated as the ships got more full from 4Q to 1Q. So maybe speak to how we should contextualize these pricing numbers. Is there any reason to think that those will come in a bit as we get the last, call it, 30% of occupancy? Or is there the opportunity for that to continue to accelerate?
Arnold Donald: We're certainly -- thanks for your question, first of all. We're certainly going to continue to work hard to make certain the prices hold and accelerate. And we'll have to see in the end where we're managing yield. And so we want to optimize occupancy and price. Right now, there's lots of demand. We obviously will be ramping up our advertising and promotional efforts as time goes on. We have increased already, but still well below where we were in 2019. We've gotten smarter and more efficient in how we do that. And so we want to create more demand and keep it going. But as you've heard from what we reported so far, pricing is strong, and we've been able to maintain price.  David, I don't know if you want to add any more color.
David Bernstein: Yes. The only thing I wanted to add to what Arnold said is, James, you really need to think about it a little bit differently because you're sort of saying, well, when the last 30% comes in, it does -- the last 30% isn't going to come in at the last second. Remember that for the last few quarters, the booking window has been much shorter. And so when we think about the future, we said we don't expect to get to historical occupancy levels until 2023, but we do expect to see an improving level of occupancy every quarter as we go forward. And one of the reasons is because for 2023, looking out today, we've got a much fuller booking curve. We'll manage pricing the way Arnold described, along that booking curve, and we'll get to our historical occupancy levels. And we're being very careful in the short term where the booking curve is shorter to manage that appropriately. We're driving demand, as Arnold mentioned, with the advertising. Although advertising these days seems to be -- the mix of advertising has changed tremendously and will continue to evolve.  So think of it in terms of booking curve. And with the longer booking curve towards next year, we can get to those occupancy levels because there's a lot of demand out there. People want to cruise. We have a great product. We're still a good value compared to land-based alternatives, although we're trying to make it a bit less of a value as we move forward and to raise price as Arnold indicated.
James Hardiman: That's really helpful. And then along those same lines, everybody wants to compare sort of your pricing strength to your competitors as we look versus 2019. Are there any sort of major differences you would call out that make those comparisons not really apples-to-apples? Obviously, you have, I guess, a, more of a global consumer base, right? And I don't know if there are any major differences between sort of the U.S. customers and sort of worldwide. And then the other piece is just maybe a bit more of a mass market customer. And so how do we think about the potential for growth out of those contingents?
Arnold Donald: First of all, your understandings are right. It is apples and oranges. There are a number of differences, not the least of which is we're on different fiscal quarters and so even the month long . You have timing, then you also -- obviously, in addition to that, is cabin mix. It's itinerary mix, as you mentioned, composition of the European itineraries. And right now, you have big itinerary changes because a lot of our lucrative itineraries, which would be similar for some of the others perhaps too, but we may have more of it in terms of world cruises and more exotic cruises and so on and so forth.  But anyway, all those things are different. When we try our best to kind of normalize all that, which is extremely difficult to do and try to match up month-by-month, when we've done that, we see that we're doing as well of, and in some cases, better than the others. In the recent times, one has done better on price. But at the same time, they've not done as well in occupancy. And so in the end, we don't see a big performance difference on that when we try to match up. But it is apples and oranges.  David, I don't know if you wanted to add anything else.
David Bernstein: I'll add some clarity to that. So remember, one of our competitors had a lot less occupancy than us during their fourth quarter period, which probably leads to more balconies, cabins and at a higher price as part of the overall mix. And also some of our competitors, one of them was not carrying any kids because of the vaccine requirements and kids are at a lower price. So as a result of that too, that affects the overall position.  Arnold mentioned the itinerary differences. But what we did do is we lined up the months, October, November and December. And we can do that internally for ourselves compared to our competition. And so if we try to also balance. Remember, occupancy, there's 2 sides to the equation, there's price and occupancy. And the best way to balance that out is to look at the gross revenue per ALBD as opposed to the gross revenue per PCD.  Because I will tell you, if all I did was sell one penthouse suite on one ship and didn't sell anything else, my per PCD would be incredibly high. But when you balance it all out, the revenue per ALBD reduction because, of course, the occupancy was down in all 3 companies, we're the same, within 2 percentage points. So the reduction in revenue per ALBD was at 2 percentage points difference between all 3 companies. And so I think we are, as Arnold said, we're doing better in some. And we're well positioned and looking forward to, as I said, 2023 and providing 14 million memorable vacation experiences to people around the globe.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: It's mind-boggling how many refinancings you guys did. So David, a question to you. How should we model interest expense going forward? I think you probably have hit the lowest-lying fruit at this point. Do you expect that there could be further significant savings on interest expense into the back half of the year and possibly 2023?
David Bernstein: Yes. So in terms of interest expense, we did give a forecast in the business update, which was $1.5 billion. And it was the same interest expense forecast we gave back in December. So that is our forecast for the full year 2022. We do have the opportunity, as I mentioned before, to refinance the 2L notes at some point in the future. And we'll carefully look at that opportunity, and that might provide some interest savings over time. But on the flip side, we're all watching the Fed and there is the possibility for rates to move up. So at this point, it is a little premature to forecast 2023. If you know exactly what the Fed is going to do and all, let me know. But it is difficult. But it's going to be in that neighborhood, plus or minus, as you think it through in 2023.
Assia Georgieva: The Fed hasn't called me today. So I don't know what the latest thinking is. Can I ask a couple of -- one question, revenue and itinerary related. It's great news that Australia is opening up. And obviously, that will be more helpful during the winter season 2022, 2023. Given that Spirit will be permanently based in the U.S., are you thinking of adding another Carnival ship so that you have a little bit more scale as opposed to just one ship? And do you think that China is an opportunity that might come online within the current fiscal year?
Arnold Donald: Well, first of all, we're delighted to see that the Australian government is not extending the ban on cruises beyond the April 17 date. And we've already announced, as you are aware, P&O Australia is going to start selling late May in Australia. And so we're happy to be bringing joy for cruise vacations to Australians again and giving people who want to cruise in Australia an opportunity to do so. So we're excited about that. China, we'll have to see how things pan out there. Right now, it's still not practical. And as we've always said with China, when we're able to do it profitably, we'll do it. And when we can't, we won't. And so we continue to work with the authorities there and other places that are still not yet quite open to eventually get it open for cruise in a way that makes sense for everyone. So that's that.  The Fed hasn't called me today either, by the way. But I would say -- overall, things are really looking good. I mean we're -- 75% of the ships are now sailing. Whether we'll put another ship into Australia for the Carnival brand, that's the decision to be made over time. But almost certainly, given the demand in Australia historically for the various brands, it would not be illogical to think at some point once things are up and going again, Carnival would have an even greater presence. So but at this point, we don't have any specific plans. Right now, we'll see how things pan out.
Assia Georgieva: Yes. David, I'm sorry.
David Bernstein: The only thing I just wanted to remind everybody is that remember, Carnival Cruise Lines moved out 6 ships so -- during the pause in guest cruise operations. And so as a result of that, as Arnold said, we'll relook at it. But everything needs to be reexamined to make sure we optimize the cash flow and profitability of Carnival Cruise Lines.
Arnold Donald: And by the way -- 
Assia Georgieva: We have some time before their season, right? So there's still a few months to go?
Arnold Donald: Yes. And Carnival is doing so well. I mean it's lead the way period, in terms of occupancy, has been strong yields. We've had unbelievable bookings the past few weeks, wave level bookings in the Carnival brand in the last few weeks here and is super positive for the brand and a good, hopefully, leading indicator for the overall industry.
Assia Georgieva: It does seem that wave season is being extended. And I imagine it's not just the pause or the slowdown because of Omicron, but also because people have been cooped up for 2 years. And it might be taking a little bit longer to make those decisions given uncertainty, COVID or geopolitical. So hopefully, we'll continue to see a great booking volume stream over the next weeks.
Arnold Donald: Absolutely. Yes, there's no question, consumer confidence, uncertainty driven by all the various dynamics, COVID, the invasion in Ukraine and all that. But clearly, there's momentum.
Operator: We got our next question on the line from the line of Stuart Gordon with Berenberg.
Stuart Gordon : Yes. Just a couple of points I'd be interested. And the first one is on the dry dock days. Could you just give some color on sort of the number of days that you're expecting in the first half of '22 versus '19, perhaps also a full year if you have it? And then how that should shape up for '23. I'm assuming you're putting through a lot of dry dock days that will therefore not be required next year. And just the second is on the Omicron impact. What was the damaged occupancy from cancellations due to Omicron, if you could give us some flavor on that?
Arnold Donald: Yes. I'll take the second part and let David tell you about the dry dock days. In terms of Omicron, as we said in the opening comments, it clearly had an effect on consumer confidence, and it caused disruption. People either were testing positive, so they couldn't cruise or they weren't able to get timely tests. And then there was just the overall impact on society and uncertainty and uneasiness that Omicron created. It's tough to quantify it and isolate it to say this was all Omicron and this was something else. But the bottom line is it had an impact, it had an impact on wave and which is why we feel -- partly why we feel now we have an extended wave season and are seeing that rebound now. But we did get through it. We got through it just as we got through Delta. And now, there's lots of momentum and things are clearly pointed in the right direction.  So go ahead, David, on the dry dock days.
David Bernstein: Yes. So the dry dock days, in the first quarter, we have 273 days versus 141 in 2019. In the second quarter, there's 399 days versus 184 days in 2019. For the full year, this year, right now, the plan is 802 dry dock days. We have some additional dry docks in the fourth quarter. I only have at the moment the first half of 2023. By the way, most many of the dry docks are usually either the first half or the fourth quarter. But the first half is down to, in '23, 272 days. There'll probably be some more in the fourth quarter. But you can see the number of dry dock days will be significantly less. 802 is an unusually large number. I don't think we've ever exceeded. I think something in the range of 550 was probably the largest number we ever had. But as I mentioned in my notes, we're bringing back the ships. We're optimizing it. The ships are not in service. And we want to make sure the ships look great when the guests get back onboard. And of course, we are cleaning the hull. Because I will tell you, you get those hulls clean, and it is incredibly much more efficient from a fuel perspective. So we are optimizing the situation. I don't have the full year 2019 at my fingertips. I do apologize. But perhaps Beth can get back to you on that one.
Stuart Gordon : No, that was very helpful. Could I just circle back to the first question. I mean would it be fair to say that if we were to see another variant, each iteration of the variant, Delta to Omicron, you're a, recovering faster; but b, also seeing less of an impact because the human nature is we're getting more used to it? Would that be a fair observation at least?
Arnold Donald: I think we'll have to see what happens with the variants. But clearly, society is better prepared. There's better understanding of transmission, of epidemiology, of everything. More people are vaccinated. That's a biggie, of course. And people -- and fewer and fewer people are getting really sick from, whether it's Omicron or the B variant of Omicron or whatever. And so the focus is shifting more to where it should be, which is hospitalizations or worse -- long-term effects are worse. And as long as I think society doesn't see a huge ramp-up in that, from some variants, then you're absolutely right, people are learning how to live with it and live with it safely and comfortably.  And of course, our protocols have been -- have served us very well. On the ships, we are far better than the equivalent incidents on land, partly because of the testing, the vaccinations, all the other protocols we have in place. And so we're amongst the safest forms of socialization there is, and we've learned a lot about how to manage. And so through Delta, through Omicron, through all those, we have had much lower incidents than what you would find on land and have gotten pretty adept at serving the best interest of public health and dealing with it. But overall, society is getting used to it. And as long as hospitalizations don't ramp-up or worse, then you would think the trend you're seeing today would continue.
David Bernstein: And remember, test is much more available. That will be very helpful as well. Because in the first quarter, that was a big issue for us, on the testing side. 
Operator: We'll get to our next question from
Arnold Donald: This will probably be the last question. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: So well take ou final question from the line from Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research.
Fred Wightman: I was hoping you could give a little bit more detail on the sailings where you are seeing occupancy over 100%. It sounds like that might be mostly concentrated in the Carnival brand. But are those largely South Florida departures? Are you seeing pretty broad-based strength in terms of where those are located or home porting, anything else to add would be great.
Arnold Donald: Definitely more North American oriented, not only the Carnival brand. I think the better characterization would be kind of traditional itineraries that people have been used to. And so in a number of cases, of course, we've had ultra-itineraries because destinations weren't available or they had protocols, et cetera, that made it difficult to take guests there and what have you. But overall, I think the most important aspect of that is you're talking a lot of sailings at 100%, which is showing that things is definitely coming back. And that we have the ability to sell at 100% with protocols and still serve the interest of public health with really good outcomes from a health and safety standpoint.  So that's that, I would characterize it. There's still a lot of destinations elsewhere that have restrictions. There's additional protocols. The regulations -- we have 9 brands all over the world. There's all kinds of regulations and protocols not just in home markets, but in destination markets that we have to deal with. And all of that creates challenge. But it's becoming less, and we are moving towards full occupancies over time and having all of the ship sail.
Fred Wightman: Makes sense. And a housekeeping question. When you guys are making comments about forward earnings commentary for the back half of this year and then into '23, are you just assuming the current spot fuel price? Or are you looking at the forward curve there? I'm assuming of that?
David Bernstein: Yes. So our commentary was very broad. I do assume that fuel will be better than the current spot price. But the commentary is pretty broad. And we're not giving specific guidance. So while fuel price matters to the bottom line, it's still -- depending on the price, it's -- there's a wide range where we're still within the guidance we gave of a profit and loss.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, all. Operator, thank you very much. But everyone, thank you. We appreciate your interest in us. We're very excited about welcoming people back onboard. Again, our heart goes out to all of those impacted by Ukraine invasion. But we're looking forward to piece there and brighter days ahead. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. That does conclude the call for today. We thank you for your participation. Please disconnect your lines. Have a good day, everyone.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-12-20 10:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning and happy holidays, everyone. Welcome to our business update conference call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & PLC and today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as by David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and by Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. What a difference a year make, we are clearly on our way back to full cruise operations with 50 ships now serving guests as we end the fiscal year. And that's up from just one ship, one short year ago. We've already returned over 65,000 crew members to our ships and since resuming operations, over 1.2 million guests and counting have sailed with us. Now we've achieved that while delivering an exceptional guest experience, with historically high Net Promoter Scores. These are strong accomplishments, especially in light of the uncertainty we faced just one year ago, when vaccines were not yet available and effective protocols to mitigate the spread of the virus were still evolving. Today, our team members and the vast majority of guests have received vaccines and many have received boosters. We have assessed the effective protocols for COVID-19 and its variant, enabling occupancy to progress toward historical lows. In fact, occupancies at our Carnival Cruise Line brand, which currently operates itineraries that are most similar to its normally published itineraries, are now approaching 90%, and that's after the impact of the variants on near-term booking. Again, Carnival Cruise Line continues to outperform with both occupancy and pricing strength. Even at this early stage, as a company, we are now generating meaningful cash flow at the ship level to date and growing, helping to fund start-up costs for the remaining fleet. Total customer deposits have grown by over $1.2 billion from the prior year-end level as our book position continues to build and to strengthen. Importantly, we ended the year with $9.4 billion of liquidity and that's essentially the same liquidity level as last year, but was significantly improved cash flow generation ahead of the aforementioned ship operating cash flows and customer deposits continue to build. With 68% of our capacity now in operation and the remainder planned by spring, we are well positioned by our important summer seats, where we historically have the lion's share of our operating profit. Throughout 2021, we said that we expected the environment to remain dynamic and it certainly has. Of course, agility has been a key strength of ours, and we continue to aggressively manage to optimize, given this ever-changing landscape. As we have demonstrated through the Delta variant and now with Omicron, we have navigated near-term operational challenges. While the variants and their corresponding effect on consumer confidence have created some near-term booking volatility, our book position has remained resilient, and in the case of Delta variant, already recovered. Importantly, these variants have not had a significant impact on our ultimate plan to return our full fleet to guest operations in the spring of 2022. It is clear we have maximized our return to service in 2021, and we have positioned the Company well to withstand the potential volatility on our path to profitability. At the same time, we have not lost sight of our highest responsibility and therefore, our top priority, which is always compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of everyone. That's our guests, people in the communities we touch and serve and, of course, our Carnival family, our team members' shipboard and shoreside. And for that end, we've achieved many important milestones along the way in our return to service. For example, broadening our commitment to ESG with the introduction of our 2030 sustainability goals and our 2050 aspirations, and that's building on the successful achievement of our 2020 goals, increased our ESG disclosure by incorporating SASB and TCFD framework in our sustainability report, bolstering our compliance efforts, with the addition of a new board member with valuable compliance experience, a strong addition to our Board of Directors and our Board Compliance Committee, improving our culture through emphasizing essential behaviors and incorporating them into our ethos through training and development and through everyday real-time feedback. As we are already among the most diverse companies in the world, with a global employee base representing over 130 countries, we are focusing our efforts on diversity and inclusion at every level and in all areas of our operations. And of course, there are many more operational milestones such as reopening our eight owned and operated private destinations and port facilities. Princess Cay, Half Moon Cay, Grand Turk, Mahogany Bay, Amber Cove,  Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Barcelona, all delivering an exceptional experience to over 630,000 of the 1.2 million guests since resuming operations. Welcoming nine new more efficient ships across our well leading brands, including Mardi Gras powered by LNG. Mardi Gras is nothing short of a game changer for our namesake brand, Carnival Cruise Line. Premium brand, Holland America, introduced the New Rotterdam; sister ship to very successful Koningsdam and Nieuw Statendam. Princess  aboard a new MedallionClass ship, Enchanted Princess, and we'll welcome another new MedallionClass ship, Discovery Princess early next year. And ultra-luxury brands, Seabourn will welcome Seabourn Venture with its world-class expedition team and a spectacle 360-degree view submarines. For the U.K., we successfully introduced Iona, also powered by LNG. For Germany, we shortly take delivery of our six LNG-powered ship, AIDAcosma, sister to the also highly successful, AIDAnova. And for Southern Europe, Costa Firenze and LNG-powered Costa Toscana will replace the exit of several less-efficient ships. Now these new ships, Mardi Gras, Iona, Costa Toscana have joined AIDAnova and Costa Smeralda to be the only five and with the addition of AIDAcosma shortly, the only six large cruise ships in the world currently powered by LNG, demonstrating our leading edge decarbonization efforts. Now while the utilization of LNG is a positive step for the environment, Costa's LNG is inherently 20% more carbon efficient, it is not our ultimate solution. We have announced our net zero aspirations by 2050. Now while there is no known end to zero carbon emissions in our industry at this time, we are working to be part of the solution. We have and expect to continue to demonstrate leadership in executing carbon reduction strategies. We are focused on decreasing our unit fuel consumption today, reducing even the need for carbon offsets. Our decarbonization efforts have enabled us to peak our absolute carbon emissions way back in 2011, and that's despite an approximately 25% capacity growth since that time. And while today, based on publicly available information, we believe we are the only major cruise operator that peaked our absolute emissions, our entire industry is moving in the right direction. And as a company, with a 25% reduction in carbon intensity already under our belt, we are well positioned to achieve our 40% reduction goal by 2030 and are working hard to reach that deliverable ahead of schedule. Now in addition to our cutting-edge LNG efforts, we have many other ongoing efforts to accelerate decarbonization. To name just a few, they include itinerary optimization and technology upgrades to our existing fleet at an investment of over $350 million in areas such as air conditioning, waste management, lighting and of course the list goes on. We are actively increasing our shore power capabilities. Greater than 45% of our fleet is already equipped to connect to shore power and we plan to reach at least 60% by 2030. Now we helped develop the first port with shore power capability for cruise ships, leading to the development of 21 ports to date and counting. We are focused on expanding shore power to our high-volume ports around the world. That includes Miami, South Hampton, England and Hamburg, Germany. To ultimately achieve net zero emissions over time, we are investing in research and development, partnering on projects to evaluate and pilot, maritime scale battery and fuel cell technology, and working with classification societies and engine manufacturers to assess hydrogen, methanol as well as bio and synthetic fuels as future low-carbon fuel options for cruise ships. Also, these efforts, combined with the exit of 19 less efficient ships, are forecasted to deliver upon returning to full operations, a 10% reduction in unit fuel consumption on an annualized basis. Now that's a significant achievement on our path to decarbonization. Our strategic assist to accelerate the exit of 19 ships left us with a more efficient and a more effective fleet overall, and it's lowered our capacity growth to roughly 2.5% compounded annually from 2019 through 2025. Now that's down from 4.5% annually pre-COVID. While capacity growth is constrained, we will benefit from this exciting roster of new ships spread across our brands, enabling us to capitalize on pent-up demand and drive even more enthusiasm around our restart plan. We enjoy a further structural benefit to revenue from these enhanced guest experiences, new ships. Due to the richer mix of premium priced balcony cabins, which will increase 6 percentage points to 55% of our fleet in 2023. Now of course, as we mentioned before, we will also achieve a structural benefit to unit cost, as we deliver these new, larger, more efficient ships, coupled with the exit of 19 less efficient ships that will help generate a 4% reduction in ship level unit cost going forward, enabling us to deliver more revenue to the bottom line. Upon returning to full operations, nearly 50% of our capacity will consist of these newly-delivered, larger, more efficient ships, expediting our return to profitability and improving our return on investment capital. Now we are clearly resuming operations as a more efficient operating company and we'll use our cash flow strength to reduce our leverage on our path back to investment-grade credit. Last quarter, we discussed the initial impact of the Delta variant. We indicated we saw an impact on near-term booking volumes in the month of August. Booking volumes accelerated sequentially and returned to pre-Delta levels in November. And as we said we would, we maintain price despite the disruption, achieving 4% higher revenue per passenger cruise day in our fourth quarter than the fourth quarter of 2019. In fact, the Carnival Cruise Line brand where we, as I mentioned, are able to offer more comparable itineraries to those in 2019, experienced its second consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth for PCD, while improving occupancy with nearly 60% of its capacity return to service. Now that's a testament to the fundamental strength in demand for our cruise product, especially when you consider this was accomplished without the benefit of a major advertiser. We expect to build on this momentum with the brand's announcement just last week on its undisrupted campaign, engineers to highlight the joy and fun of a Carnival Cruise. That advertising campaign is launching over the holidays, including activations on Christmas Day and Time Square on New Year's Eve in time for . Turning to something that's very present in the news today, Omicron variant, we have also experienced some initial impact on near-term bookings, although difficult to measure. That said we have a solid book position and intentionally constrained capacity for the first half of 2022. With the existing demand and limited capacity, we remain focused on maintaining price. Bookings continue to build for the remainder of 2022 and well into 2023. And we are achieving those early bookings with strong demand. In fact, pricing on our book position for the back half of 2022 improved since last quarter, and that's despite the Delta variant. The current environment, while choppy, has improved dramatically since last summer. And as the current trend of vaccine rollouts and advancements in therapies continues, it should improve even further by next summer. So looking forward, we remain on a path to consistently deliver cash flow from operations during the second quarter of 2022 and generate profit in the second half of 2022. Importantly, we believe we have the potential to generate higher EBITDA in 2023 compared to 2019, given despite our modest growth rate, additional capacity and our improved cost structure. Throughout the pause, we have been proactively managing to resume operations as an even stronger and more efficient operating company to maximize cash generation and to deliver double-digit return on invested capital. Once we return to full operations, our cash flow will be the primary driver to return to investment-grade credit over time, creating greater shareholder value. And we continue to move forward in a very positive way. And for that, I again express my deepest appreciation to our Carnival team members, both shipboard and shoreside, who consistently go above and beyond. I am very proud of all we've accomplished collectively to sustain our organization through these challenging times and I am very humbled by the dedication I've seen from our teams throughout. Of course, we couldn't have done it without the overwhelming support from all of you. So once again, thank you to our valued guests. Thank you to our travel agent partners. Thanks to our own port and destination communities. Thank you to our suppliers and other many stakeholders. And of course, thank you to our investors for your continued confidence in us and for your ongoing support. Once again, we can't wait to welcome everyone back on board. With that, I will turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. I'll start today with some color on our positive cash from operations followed by a review of guest cruise operations, along with a summary of our fourth quarter cash flows. Then I'll provide an update on booking trends and finish up with some insights into our financial position. Turning to cash from operations, I am so happy to report that our cash from operations turned positive in the month of November ahead of our previous indication driven by increases in customer deposits and other working capital changes. We all know that booking trends are a leading indicator of the health of our business. With solid fourth quarter booking trends leading the way, driving customer deposits higher, positive EBITDA is clearly within our site. Over the next few months, we expect ship level cash contributions to grow as more ships return to service and as we build on our occupancy percentages. However, cash from operations and EBITDA over the next few months will be impacted by restart-related spending and dry dock expenses, as 28 ships, almost 1/3 of our fleet, will be in dry dock during the first half of fiscal 2022. Given all these factors combined, we expect both monthly cash from operations and monthly EBITDA to consistently turn positive during the second quarter of fiscal 2022. So 2022 will be a tale of two halves. While we expect a net loss for the first half of 2022, it makes me feel so good to say we expect the profit for the second half of 2022. Now let's look at guest cruise operations. During the fourth quarter, we successfully restarted 22 ships. During the month of December, we will restart an additional seven ships, so we will be celebrating on New Year's Eve with over 2/3 of our fleet capacity in service. Our plans call for the remainder of the fleet to restart guest cruise operations by spring, putting us in a great position for our seasonally strong summer period. For the fourth quarter, occupancy was 58% across the ships in service and that was a four-point improvement over the 54% we achieved last quarter during the peak summer season, despite the slowdown in bookings just prior to the fourth quarter from the Delta variant. During the fourth quarter, we carried over 850,000 guests which was 2.5x the number of guests we carried in the third quarter. Our brands executed extremely well with Net Promoter Scores continuing at elevated levels compared to pre-COVID scores. Revenue per passenger cruise day for the fourth quarter 2021 increased 4% compared to a strong 2019 despite the current constraints on itinerary offering. Once again, our onboard and other revenue per diems were up significantly in the fourth quarter 2021 versus the fourth quarter 2019, in part due to the bundled packages as well as onboard credits utilized by guests from cruises canceled during the pause. We had great growth in onboard and other per diems on both sides of the Atlantic. Increases in bar, casino, shops, spa and Internet led the way on board. Over the past two years, we have offered and our guests have chosen more and more bundled package options. In the end, we will see the benefit of these bundled packages and onboard and other revenue as we did during the second half of 2021. As a result of these bundled packages, the line between passenger ticket revenue and onboard revenue is blurred. For accounting purposes, we allocate the total price paid by the guests between the two categories. Therefore, the best way to judge our performance is by reference to our total cruise revenue metrics. For those of you who are modeling our future results, based on our planned restart schedule for fiscal 2022, available lower berth days or ALBDs as they are more commonly called, will be approximately $78 million. By quarter, the ALBDs will be for the first quarter, $14.1 million; for the second quarter, $17.8 million; for the third quarter, $23 million even; and for the fourth quarter, $23.1 million. Fuel consumption will be approximately 2.9 million metric tons. The current blended spot price for fuel is $563 per metric ton. I did want to point out that due to the cost of a portion of our fleet being in pause status during the first half of 2022, restart-related expenses, the cost of maintaining enhanced health and safety protocols and inflation, we are projecting net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD in 2022 to be significantly higher than 2019 despite the benefit we get from the 19 smaller, less-efficient ships leaving the fleet. Remember, that because a portion of the fleet will be in pause status during the first half, we are spreading costs over less ALBDs. We do anticipate that most of these costs and expenses will end with 2022 and will not reoccur in fiscal 2023. In addition, we expect depreciation and amortization to be $2.4 billion for fiscal 2022, while net interest expense, without any further refinancing, is likely to be around $1.5 billion. Next, I'll provide a summary of our fourth quarter cash flows. During the fourth quarter 2021, our liquidity increased by $1.6 billion to $9.4 billion at the end of the fourth quarter from $7.8 billion at the end of the third quarter. The increase in liquidity was driven by the $2 billion senior unsecured notes we issued in October to refinance 2022 maturities. The $360 million customer deposit increase added to the total. This was the third consecutive quarter we saw an increase in customer deposits. Completion of a loan we previously mentioned, supported by the Italian government with some debt holiday principal refund payments, added another $400 million. Working capital and other items net contributed $300 million. All these increases totaled $3.1 billion, which was somewhat offset by our cash burn of $1.5 billion, simply a monthly average cash burn rate of $510 million per month times three. It should be noted that our monthly average cash burn rate for the fourth quarter 2021 was better than planned, driven by lower capital expenditures. Turning to booking trends. Our cumulative advanced book position for the second half of 2022 and the first half of 2023 are at the higher end of historical ranges, and at higher prices compared to 2019 with or without FCCs but normalized for bundled packages. This is a great achievement, given pricing on bookings for 2019 sailings is a tough comparison as that was the high watermark for historical yields. Booking volumes for the same period during the fourth quarter of 2021 were higher than the third quarter. During the fourth quarter 2021, we significantly increased our advertising expense compared to the third quarter in anticipation of the full fleet being in operation in the spring of 2022, generating demand and allowing us to improve pricing on our book position. However, the fourth quarter advertising expense is still significantly below our spending in the fourth quarter 2019. Finally, I will finish up with some insights into our financial position. What a difference a year makes, except for our liquidity. As Arnold indicated, we entered 2022 with $9.4 billion of liquidity, essentially the same liquidity level as last year but with significantly improved cash flow generation ahead as ship operating cash flows and customer deposits continue to build. Through our debt management efforts, we have refinanced $9 billion to date, reducing our future annual interest expense by approximately $400 million per year and extending maturities, optimizing our debt maturity profile. With our 2022 maturities already refinanced, we do not have any financing needs for 2022. However, we will pursue refinancing to extend maturities and reduce interest expense at the right time. Given our long history of positive, strong, resilient and growing cash flows unlike many other industries, in 2023, our focus will shift to deleveraging, driven by cash from operations. We expect to return to investment-grade credit over time creating greater shareholder value. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steven Wieczynski: So I just want to be clear about the near-term booking pressure due to Omicron. Is it fair to say that the booking pressure is really just around bookings for the first half of 2022? And what I'm trying to get at is we want to be sure that, that booking weakness hasn't started to impact further out bookings. And I know it's hard to understand which way Omicron might go. But would you expect a similar path that you witnessed around Delta, meaning bookings slowed and then rebounded very quickly as that fizzled out and got out of the media?
Arnold Donald: I think we have the experience I shared in the opening remarks about the Delta variant. We recovered in November completely from that. We'll have to see how this plays out. I think the great news is it appears to date from scientists around the world and medical experts that while this particular variant is highly infectious. It seems to have less damaging effects on people that contract it, especially those who are vaccinated and we encourage everyone to be vaccinated, everybody to get their boosters. We have very effective protocols, and so again, I think our actual performance, and we had these protocols in place, as you will recall, even before there were vaccines, we had effective protocols with sailings in Europe. So, we're amongst the safest form of socializing and travel that there are. And so to your question on the bookings, at this point, we have not seen any major impact on the second half '22, '23 bookings, it's hard for us to even quantify any impact, although we're kind of a reflection of overall consumer behavior globally. So, we sure, we've had some impact. We do see some a little spike in near-term cruise cancellations, but the booking patterns are strong. And we have not, at this point, seen anything and based on limited experience of the Delta variant and how this one seems to be playing out here at this time, not anticipating any. I hope that answered your question.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes. That's great color. Appreciate that. And then second question is probably for David. But David, you guys have refinanced over, I think you said the number is $9 billion so far, and I'm wondering how much more you think is available to refinance over the next 6 to 12 months? And maybe help us understand that you talked about interest costs for '22 being around about $1.5 billion, and what that number might actually look like by the time we get to next year? And I'm not trying to get more -- I'm not here trying to get more detailed guidance at you guys, I'm just trying to understand the magnitude of how much more you really could go from here?
David Bernstein: Sure. So Steve, if you look at our capital structure, the biggest piece that high interest rate debt are the 2L notes that we did in 2020 and those have high 9s or low 10s in terms of interest expense. So there is an opportunity there to do refinancing of those notes. And we'll look for the right time to consider doing that during 2022. And that could on that few billion dollars that's outstanding that could lower interest expense even further. But we did give the forecast is -- with the guidance at $1.5 billion, and depending on the timing of any refinancing and the exact interest rate on what we refinance, there should be a considerable amount of savings going forward. And of course, keep in mind that as Arnold indicated, we do expect that we believe we have the opportunity for higher EBITDA in 2023 as compared to 2019 and that should begin to drive debt down in 2023, our overall debt levels and correspondingly drive interest expense down. So it's a little premature to give guidance, but we do expect lower interest expense in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: So on your commentary that pricing for second half of '22 has gone up over the last quarter and realizing, of course, that Q1 is still challenged, can you give us some color? Is there a firming point sometime during Q2, where you see that sort of the near-term impact sort of stopping and things being firm? Is it from sort of May forward? Or is there such a firming point? Or is it even earlier than may have potentially, where you're seeing that the bookings and pricing moving up that you are seeing in the second half, but where you can kind of see that point in Q2 where it's firming?
Arnold Donald: Okay. Dave, you want to take the first shot and...
David Bernstein: Yes, sure. No problem. So listen, a lot of the reason we're focused on the back half of the year, and we've talked about the comparisons in the back half and also the first half of 2023, is because you're talking about apples and apples comparisons relatively speaking, because the whole fleet is in operation, the itineraries that we're running are looking are similar to the itineraries that we ran in 2019. So it's an apples-to-apples comparison, and you can see what the booking trends -- the pricing trends look like. If you look at the first half of 2022, remember, this is apples and oranges. In 2019, we had World Cruises, we had long exotic voyages. Our whole fleet was in operation. That's not true for the first half of 2022. So on an apples-to-apples basis, the comparison doesn't look nearly as good as when you get down to the detailed itinerary level. And at the detailed level, we're very pleased with pricing. I mean, just to give you some comparisons, I mean, look at the fourth quarter, our total cruise revenue yield per PCD was up 4%. And so overall, we're very, very pleased with the pricing that we're seeing for the whole year, it's just it's an apples and oranges for the first half.
Robin Farley: Okay. Understood. And then just for my other question, your commentary about expenses is very helpful, thinking about there are some non-recurring hire things in 2022, and you said most of those won't recur in '23. And I realize the way too early for you to sort of give an expense guidance number in 2023. But is it reasonable to think that the improvement in efficiencies from having sold those 19 ships, that the expense per unit savings from that would more than offset the inflation piece, which the inflation piece may be recurring, but whereas all the other sort of restart and the pause status, all of those expenses. Once those are gone, is it reasonable to think that your -- that the savings from the less efficient ships being gone would more than offset any inflation?
Arnold Donald: Robin, thanks for the question and happy holidays to you. Obviously, we can't forecast what inflation is going to be and all that, and I know you understand that. But what we can tell you is that exiting the ships and the other efficiencies that we are managing to, as I said in my opening comments, put us in a fundamentally lower cost basis. And we'll have to see what happens with inflation and so on. But clearly, whatever revenue we're able to generate and prices look strong now, more of it will fall to the bottom line because of that. But I wouldn't want to try to predict inflation or anything, but we know we're coming out leaner and more efficient, and we'll be better positioned, and we're expecting to be in a position to deliver more EBITDA in '23 than we did in '19.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Jaime Katz: First, I would like hear a little bit about the timing of marketing spend over the course of the next year. My guess is that it might be more front-end loaded, given the uncertainty around the first half? And then if you have any comments on the supply chain and what you guys are seeing from a procurement perspective, it would be very interesting to hear that, given all of the publicity around such issues in the news.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Sure. On the marketing spend, first of all, again, we're very pleased with the results we've been able to enjoy, especially with the Carnival brand, where the itineraries are more comparable to what they normally would be, pre-COVID, without any advertising or very limited. So as we get ready for wave, we are launching campaigns across the brands in anticipation of wave, still less spend than we had, say, in previous years pre-COVID but a significant ramp-up from where we are. And we're being very diligent as part of the efficiencies we talked about and looking at how to effect that spend for the greatest impact. So, we've gotten more efficient in the spend, we believe, as well. So we are starting to ramp up. But again, the full fleet won't be sailing until sometime in the spring or whatever, obviously, we're looking for bookings now in the second half of '22 and beyond, so a lot of spendings with that. But we'll ramp up and judge as we go what seems to make the most sense and what's really going to drive guest behavior. In terms of the supply chain and sourcing question, we're global. We source from all over the world. There's lots of dynamics everywhere. We've had single challenges, issue challenges at times with provisions or procuring, particularly services in a particular area. But overall, we are able to sail in a great way for the guests, where the guests are having a great time in a way that is compliant and very much in the best interest of public health. And so, we've been able to manage through. Any other color you want to add, David, on either point?
David Bernstein: No, I think you hit the points well. I just did want to add one point. I was on mute. I apologize when Robin asked the question about the cost. I just wanted to point out to everybody that by the time we get to 2023, remember, there's four years of inflation there between '23 and 2019. So just keep that in mind in addition to the other comments that Arnold made about costs for 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities. Please proceed.
Patrick Scholes: Great. I wonder if you can just help me clarify sort of apples-to-apples on your commentary on bookings. And you said advanced bookings for the second half of '22 and the first half of '23 are now at the higher end of historical ranges. Previously, of course, you had just talked about the second half of next year. When you're talking about the advanced bookings for second half of '22 and the first half of '23, is that a combined '22 and '23 together? Or is that for both periods separately? I'm just trying to apples-to-apples to what you said, just the single period last time. Does that make sense?
Arnold Donald: Go ahead, David. Go ahead.
David Bernstein: Yes. So when we -- well, the reason we labeled the period separately is because we looked at each individually and each one was at the higher end of the historical range individually.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. And then -- okay. So we're going to look individually, I want to be clear here, apples-to-apples, you had said previously, back half of next year was at a new historical high, meaning historical high, but now it's at the higher end. Would that -- is it fair to assume that it's not -- those bookings for the second half of next year are not quite as high as you had said last quarter? Am I interpreting that correctly?
David Bernstein: Yes. You were interpreting that correctly. But by the way, nobody really wants to be breaking new records on the advanced booking curve, because if you want to properly -- the goal is to maximize the pricing and maximize the revenue when the ship sails. So historically, if you're in that great a book position, it's time to raise price, slow down the booking curve. You don't need to be that far ahead. If I told you that we were sold out for the back half of 2022, at this moment in time, you'd tell me we didn't manage it properly. We left money on the table. So it's not shocking that we pulled back a little bit, and we raised price, and you saw a slowdown in the booking trends.
Patrick Scholes: Fair enough. I appreciate the color on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Chaiken with Crdit Suisse. Please proceed.
Ben Chaiken: Another apples-to-apples question. Does this -- forgive me, does this -- when you guys give the forward commentary on pricing, does this adjust for the 19 ships removed? Or is it just a gross bookings versus gross bookings previously? If that didn't make sense, I can try to do it offline. Meaning does that capture the mix shift, I guess, or not?
David Bernstein: Yes. So essentially, we're just looking at the fleet in 2019 that existed in all of the bookings. And so we don't subtract out ships that left the fleet. We're not doing consistently. We're doing today's fleet versus the fleet we had for 2019 sailings. So yes, there is some benefit to -- as Arnold said, the newer ships will get a better price point, better mix of cabins and other things. And so that is benefiting the price over time, and they're also more cost efficient, and they generate significantly more EBITDA as well. So you're seeing all of that flow through in the booking trends and ultimately, flow through to the cash flow and P&L.
Arnold Donald: The other thing, another variable there, another variable are itineraries and so we don't adjust itineraries either. And certain itineraries are more higher yielding than others and so on and so forth. But those are normal variances that happen year-to-year.
Ben Chaiken: Got you. That totally makes sense. And then I guess just one other. You guys mentioned several times, bundled packages. I guess, are you seeing -- I know we're kind of early in the return to cruise, but are you seeing passengers have an additional wallet on onboard as well? Like are there incremental opportunities to spend?
Arnold Donald: Absolutely, we're seeing higher spending levels on board. There's no question about that. In some cases, bundling is contributing to that. We've always done -- each brand is different. And over time, there's always been some bundling. There seems to be even more of it currently than there has been in the past. And it appears that when you have these bundled packages that overall, you end up getting a greater yield because there's additional spend. But right now, there's also, I'm sure, just this pent-up demand where people are anxious to go out and experience things and have a good time and that's also showing up on board revenues right now, which are very strong.
Operator: Next question comes from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed.
Assia Georgieva: I have a couple of questions. Arnold, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that the Carnival brand is already at 90% occupancy, which is fantastic news. Given that we have the restart date for all the ships at this point, they're pretty much fixed. So, we can be hopeful that there might be upside from higher occupancy levels? Should we think that the Princess might be the next brand that is getting to levels somewhat closer to the Carnival brand and possibly, Costa? Is that a fair way to look at it? Can I get my hopes up for occupancy?
Arnold Donald: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think, first of all, we've had a number of ships on the Carnival brand on a 100% occupancy and the trend there is very good. But again, those itineraries are most comparable to the itineraries that existed, pre-COVID. And so, you have very some itinerary, some going on in just great execution by the Carnival team. In terms of which brand is next, that's pretty complicated. As we bring ships back, we don't bring them back right away anywhere near 100% occupancy. And so you have to look at the proportion of ships returning to service and when they return to service. And then you have to look at the itineraries. We also have different protocols around the world. We have a number of European sailings that still have social distancing or physical distancing requirements and that caps the occupancy in the 60% to 80% range, depending on itinerary in the ship and so on. So there are a lot of variables here, and we just have to see what the situation is around the speed of ramp-up and what the required protocols are and which itineraries we're going to be able to bring the ships back into. With the plans we have, we can kind of predict, but this is a very dynamic situation and has been. Our team has been really able to adapt to it and execute well. Overall, the trend is positive and the brands will get to where they need to be, given their particular circumstances, but the trajectory overall trajectory despite the fits and the stops and the speed bumps and pot holes and so on and so forth and detours, the overall trajectory is positive.
Assia Georgieva: You gave me such a great segue into my second question because you mentioned itineraries probably three or four times. And I understand that Australia and New Zealand has basically been closed for the winter season. Coral Princess couldn't do her long voyage this summer, I think, partly because of Australia and New Zealand being such an uncertain vacation point at this point. And then referencing again, itineraries and the new LNG ships coming in, Costa Diadema had to replace Costa Smeralda in South America, because we don't have enough access to or reliable access to LNG facilities. Would you -- given that you're the only cruise company, a large cruise company that is operating LNG ships, would you have to participate in building out the infrastructure at places such as Brazil, for example?
Arnold Donald: Yes. I think we have a strong partnership with Royal Dutch Shell in terms of LNG infrastructure access, et cetera. And then obviously, we go beyond that relationship to secure what we need. But if -- when we built the first ship, when we started building it, there was no infrastructure. And so we made a commitment early because of our commitment on the environmental front. And now, we're very excited to have the six ships with another five coming. So again, you may have to adjust in the moment here or there or whatever. But overall, we see a clear line of sight on the infrastructure to support good yielding itineraries that are exciting for our guests with our LNG-powered ships. And then if absolutely necessary, the ships can use alternative fuel source, obviously, but our intention and purposes because we built them as LNG-powered ships to use LNG.
Assia Georgieva: So would you need to participate further -- I'm sorry.
Arnold Donald: Go ahead, your follow-up. Do we have to participate and help fund or something the establishment of the infrastructure? We don't anticipate having to put capital in ourselves to help establish the infrastructure. We don't. We think there are plenty of players in that part of the business to do that. Timing may be a little off here or there, but we don't see a need at this point for us to commit our capital to building LNG infrastructure in ports.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. Great. And I'm really glad you've made such a commitment to a cleaner environment. So I appreciate that. A great holiday season from me as well.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. Thank you. Same to you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Golding with Macquarie Capital. Please proceed.
Paul Golding: So I had a quick question on just structural evolution of the marketplace. David, I think you had mentioned earlier about the mix shift increasing a bit sequentially towards higher-end state room mix. And I'm wondering if that's something beyond the current order book you're looking to do more long term because you see higher propensity? The spend, should we expect as far as thinking once we're in a clear yield environment, should we expect just continued increase in higher-end state room mix? And then I have a follow-up on inflation.
David Bernstein: Sure. So I think what Arnold in his prepared remarks talked about, I think it was 5 percentage points higher, 5 or 6 percentage points higher balcony cabins and so the mix of balconies that in our fleet in the future is higher than the mix historically. A lot of that has to do with the way in which we built ships and the designer ships. We've been able to get effectively more balcony cabins on each and every ship, which will hopefully we believe will drive yields and satisfaction levels of our guests. I don't think you're going to see for the ships we have on order through 2025, it's all well set. We're beginning to start thinking about future new builds and we'll analyze that based off of customer trends and desires. And we'll work those into the plans and you can be sure we'll be thinking about that and making sure that we optimize our return on invested capital over time as a result of what we do.
Paul Golding: Great. And then on the cost side, as we think about your commentary on inflation, your thoughts on 2022 fuel cost, should we start thinking more about whether hedging is going to play a role here again for your team versus what was previously not a robust hedging program on your side in the fuel space?
Arnold Donald: We historically haven't hedged and at this point in time. If that changes, we'll let you know. But historically, we haven't had -- we have felt that over time that all takes care of itself, and we have some natural hedges with the portfolio we have and revenues and costs in different currencies around. Well, I know you're talking about fuel price hedging. But I'm just -- other than that, we really typically don't hedge.
Paul Golding: And other than the LNG, nothing meaningful on mix shift between bunker and MGO and going into the operating here?
Arnold Donald: There's no question that over time, we'll see a lower ratio of MGO, given the fact we're bringing in LNG, and we have advanced air quality systems on the ships, et cetera. So the combination of LNG and extended use of advanced air quality systems, we should see a lowering of the requirements on MGO as we go forward. David, do you want to add any additional color?
David Bernstein: No, I think that does it well. My blended fuel average for '22 reflected probably a 10-point drop in the NGL mix from '21 to '22.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vince Cipiel with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Vince Cipiel: I wanted to follow up on occupancy. I think you mentioned that August was about 59%. So it looks like it was pretty stable throughout your fiscal 4Q. I definitely appreciate that it's a dynamic situation that you alluded to. But how are you thinking about that occupancy build throughout 2022? Do you anticipate it's more linear or more inflecting in the second half? Kind of what's built into the budget as it relates to your profitability assumptions?
Arnold Donald: So I'll start just with an overall comment that clearly, the occupancy trend is really positive. Now when you look at the comparison you just made, there are a lot of dynamics in that. For example, we brought on, as David mentioned, I think, in some of his comments, 22 ships or something. And obviously, when you bring the ships on they're not initially at full occupancy. That's on purpose as we bring them in. And so that averages down your occupancy. So what we're looking at overall for occupancy trends or where you have comparable itineraries and ships that have been sailing for a while, what's happening with the occupancy on those ships. And that's a very positive message. So you have a number of things weighting those occupancy numbers. David?
David Bernstein: Yes. So the other thing, keep in mind that affected the fourth quarter, was the Delta variant in the month of August impacted bookings, many of which might have been for the fourth quarter. And as a result of that, we had hoped to have higher occupancy in the fourth quarter. But between the Delta variants and everything else and a few itinerary changes that we had, we were very pleased with the overall 59%. Looking forward, I will say it's very difficult to predict exactly by month or by quarter what the occupancy is going to be. We're in a good book position. And we're expecting overall the trend to be positive and to see increasing occupancies throughout 2022, but I think it'd be premature for us to give some sort of guidance.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: We have a question from Ryan Sundby with William Blair. Please proceed.
Ryan Sundby: I have a question around operating procedures. It feels like proof of activation and net year touch results have been a really effective tool for the industry to lean on here. I guess given more breakthrough cases really around -- all live experiences in the past month or so, is that still an effective tool going forward? And when do you need to start considering acquiring a booster, which I think a market like France is now requiring?
Arnold Donald: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think overall, we continue to be informed by, again, the scientists around the world, medical experts. And of course, we continue to act in compliance with whatever the rules are in the destinations and home ports that we're operating. But the bottom line is that this is a dynamic situation in the markets where we are requiring vaccine, requiring testing everywhere. We require vaccines in most places. And we're encouraging boosters. Of course, our crew is vaccinated and over 10,000 of them have already received boosters and we'll be continuing with that. They are tested very frequently, the crew is. And those protocols have worked and have helped us be amongst the safest forms, as I mentioned before, of socializing and travel of any in the travel and leisure sector. So they have worked and they are continuing to work. So we'll see how it plays out. We'll follow the science, and obviously, we'll be in compliance. But right now, we are sailing with confidence. As you noted, there are going to be some cases. There's a far lower incidence of cases right now on cruise and at society at large, and we want to work to continue to ensure that that's the case. And when there are cases, the risk of propagation or spread of the virus has been very effectively controlled to date. And as long as that continues to be the case, we'll continue to sail with confidence. But we'll adjust and adapt to what we need to. I think the most important thing is where we have had cases. In most instances, they're either asymptomatic are minor symptoms. We have not had lots of cases where people have to be hospitalized or worse. And I think that's important, and that's also increasing trend in society at large. And hopefully, that trend will continue. Other question? Sorry, that was the last question?
David Bernstein: That was the last question.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Look, everyone, thank you. I really appreciate your engagement. Please have a safe and joyful holiday and we look forward to talking to you guys at the next business update. So thank you very much.
David Bernstein: Happy Holidays, everyone.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-09-24 00:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our business update conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
 Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. We are absolutely thrilled to be back doing what we do best, delivering amazing, memorable vacation experiences to our guests. Our team members are overjoyed to be back on board and it shows, our guests are having a phenomenal time.
 Our onboard revenues for guests are off the charts, and our Net Promoter Scores have been exceptionally strong. I've had the pleasure of visiting a number of ships in recent weeks, both here in the U.S. and abroad. And I can tell you, the ships look spectacular, and the crew has an amazing energy. There is such an incredible spirit on board. Our protocols have been working well, beginning with a seamless embarkation experience and have enabled us to build occupancy levels at a significant pace as we return more ships to service.
 Our brands executed extremely well in this initial phase of our return to serve, particularly given significant restrictions on international travel, hampering our ability to offer our normal content risk deployment options as well as the operating requirements in certain jurisdictions that limit our normally high occupancy levels. 
 Now our itinerary planners came up with creative deployment alternatives, our marketing department made them accessible with little investment. Our yield managers price them appropriately to achieve occupancy targets very close to them and coupled them with bundled packages to drive exceptionally strong revenue on board. And despite all the additional protocols, our crew delivered an amazing guest experience. The combination of which enabled us to deliver cruise vacations at scale while producing significant cash from these restricted voyages.
 Now while we normally don't disclose this level of information, we try to find a way to give you a sense of why we're viewing the restart is hugely successful beyond the enthusiasm of our guests and crew and the unprecedented Net Promoter Scores. It became complicated because most of our voyages, while cash flow positive are programs that could not be compared to 2019. And in most cases, would normally be priced lower than the 2019 alternatives. So for example, in the U.K., we're only able to offer senior cruises without any ports of call, and that's our version of vacation, on which we're not comparable in ticket prices to peak season Mediterranean or Baltic sailings offered in the summer of 2019.
 That said, even with occupancy limitations, these cruises generated cash for our stakeholders. They supported a return for our workforce, and they successfully serve guests, resulting in high satisfaction levels.
 Now at Carnival Cruise Line, where we were able to offer more comparable itineraries for 2019, our revenue per diems were up 20% compared to 2019 and that's inclusive of the impact of incentives from previous cancellations, and that's despite the close-in nature of the bookings. In fact, Carnival Cruise Lines restarted more ships out of the United States than any of the cruise brand and still achieved occupancy above 70%, all of which combined to generate an even greater cash contribution.
 Clearly, Carnival Cruise Line is a brand that continues to outperform. While the Delta variant and its corresponding effect on consumer confidence has certainly created a myriad of operating challenges for us to navigate in the near term and has lasted some booking volatility in August.
 To date, it has not had a significant impact on our ultimate plan to return our full fleet to guest operations in the spring of 2022. On our last quarterly business update, we said that we expected the environment to remain dynamic and it certainly has. Of course, agility has been a key strength of ours over the last 18 months, and we continue to aggressively manage to optimize given this ever-changing landscape. 
 In fact, while by design, we're not yet at 100% occupancy, we have individual sailings with over 4,000 guests. To date, we have carried over 0.5 million guests this year already. And on any given day, we are now successfully carrying around 50,000 guests, and expect that number to continue to rise as we introduce more capacity and as we increase occupancy over the coming months.
 The Delta variant has clearly impacted our protocols, which will continue to evolve based on the local environment. In markets like the U.S., where case counts are higher, we've taken swift actions to reinforce our already strong protocol, such as additional testing requirements and indoor mask requirements with all U.S. sailings operating under the CDC's vaccination requirements. Our protocols go above and beyond the terms of the conditional sail order and are much more rigorous than comparable land-based alternative. Again, our highest responsibility and therefore, our top priority is always compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of everyone, our guests, the people and the communities we touch and serve and of course, our Carnival family, our team members shipboard and shoreside.
 The Delta variant has also created some disruption in our supply chain, impacted the timing of opening for some destinations and created a heightened level of uncertainty that has been reflected in the broader travel sector and in our own booking trends. We quickly adjusted our deployment to push out the start date on a few select voyages. For some of our more exotic winter deployments like our popular world cruises, we rebooked guests for our 2023 departures. Effectively, we've managed our near-term capacity to optimize the current environment. Yes, as we indicated we would.
 The modifications we've made to the pace of the role of our fleet will optimize our cash position in the near term. Looking forward, we continue to work towards resuming full operations in the spring, in time for our important summer season where we make the lion's share of our operating profit. Of course, we have ample liquidity to see us through to full operation. And we continue with a prudent focus on cash management to ensure we have flexibility under a multitude of scenarios. The current environment, while choppy, has improved dramatically since last summer, and it should improve even further by next summer if the current trend of vaccine rollout and advancements in therapies continues.
 For instance, in markets like the U.K., where vaccination rates are already higher, consumer confidence remains strong, and we are seeing strong momentum. So far, we've announced the resumption of guest cruise operations for 71 ships through next spring, and that's across 8 of our 9 brands. We're evaluating the remaining ships through next spring, with a continued focus on maximizing future cash flow while delivering a great guest experience in a way that serves the best interest of public health.
 Importantly, even at this very early stage of our rollout, our ships are generating positive cash flow. Based on our current rollout, we expect cash from operations for the whole company to turn positive at some point early next year. Looking forward, we believe we have the potential to generate higher EBITDA in 2023 compared to 2019, given despite our modest growth rate, additional capacity and our improved cost structure. As further insight into booking trends, we are well positioned to build on a solid book position and intentionally constrained capacity for the remainder of 2021 and into the first half of 2022.
 With the existing demand and limited capacity, we are focused on maintaining price. Even recently with heightened uncertainty from the Delta variant affecting travel decisions broadly, we continue to maintain price. We have also opened bookings earlier for cruises in 2023, and we're achieving those early bookings with strong demand and good prices. And based on that success, we've begun to launch 2024 sailings even earlier. In fact, these efforts contributed to the $630 million increase in guest deposits. Our long-term guest deposits, and that's deposits on bookings beyond 12 months are 3x historical levels, driven in part by our proactive efforts to open more inventory for sale in outer years. Now we expect guests deposits to continue to grow through the restart as we return more ships to service and as we build occupancy levels.
 Again, these favorable trends continue despite dramatically reduced advertising expense. We continue to focus our efforts on our lower cost channels like direct marketing to our sizable past guest database of over 40 million guests. And earned media as we build on our multiple new ship launches and restart news flow. Of course, and most importantly, we are delivering on our guest experience. Word-of-mouth remains the #1 reason people take their first cruise. And as I mentioned, our Net Promoter Scores are well above historical levels across our ships that have returned to service so far.
 During the quarter, we furthered our strong track record of responsibly managing the balance sheet. We completed 2 refinancing transactions, among other efforts, resulting in a meaningful reduction in annual interest expense. We have many more opportunities for refinancing ahead and are working through them at an aggressive pace. Also importantly, we have continued to make advancements in our sustainability efforts.
 Last week, we published our 11th Annual Sustainability Report, Sustainable from Ship to Shore, which can be found on our sustainability website www.carnivalsustainability.com. In the report, we build on the achievement of our 2020 goal by sharing more details on our 2030 goals and our 2050 aspiration. The report shares additional light on the 6 focus areas that will guide our long-term sustainability vision, including climate action, circular economy that waste reduction, sustainable tourism, health and well-being, diversity, equity and inclusion and biodiversity and conservation. Now these areas align with United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals.
 Climate action is a top sustainability focus area. We are committed to decarbonization, and we aspire to be carbon neutral by 2050. As we have previously shared, despite 25% capacity growth since that time, our absolute carbon emissions peaked in 2011 and will remain below those levels. We are working towards transitioning our energy needs to alternative use and investing in new low-carbon technologies. Now because of the pause in guest cruise operations, the 2020 sustainability performance measures are not comparable to prior year data. That said, there is a lot of valuable information on the progress we've made in our sustainability journey despite what was an incredibly challenging year.
 We were clearly among the most impacted companies by COVID-19, and I'm very proud of all we've accomplished collectively to sustain our organization through these challenging times, including all we did for our loyal guests, all we did for our other many stakeholders and all we did for each other within our Carnival family.
 In many regards, I believe our collective response to the pandemic is strong testimony to the sustainability of our company. For that, I again express my deepest appreciation to our Carnival team members, both shipboard and shoreside who consistently went above and beyond. I'm very humbled by the dedication I've seen in these past 18 months. Of course, we couldn't have done it without the overwhelming support from all of you who are listening on this call, all of our stakeholders. So once again, thank you to our valued guests. Thank you to our travel agent partners. Thank you to all the many communities and governments that facilitated getting our crews vaccinated. Thank you to our suppliers and our other many stakeholders. And of course, thank you to our investors for your continued confidence in us and for your ongoing support.
 We continue to move forward in a very positive way. Throughout the pause, we've been proactively managing to resume operations as an even stronger operating company. Our strategic decision to accelerate the exit of 19 ships left us with a more efficient and effectively and has lowered our capacity growth to roughly 2.5% compounded annually from 2019 through 2025, and that's down from 4.5% pre-COVID. We've opportunistically rebalanced our portfolio through the ship exits as well as a future ship transfer, any modification to our new build schedule to optimize our asset allocation, maximize cash generation and improve our return on invested capital.
 While capacity growth is constrained, we will benefit from an exciting roster of new ships spread across our brands, enabling us to capitalize on the pent-up demand and drive even more enthusiasm and excitement around our restart plan. And we will achieve a structural benefit to unit costs in 2023 as we introduce these new larger and more efficient ships coupled with the 19 ships leaving the fleet, which were among our least efficient with the aggressive actions we've already taken, optimizing our portfolio and reducing capacity.
 We are well positioned to capitalize on pent-up demand and to emerge a leaner, more efficient company, reinforcing our global industry-leading position. We have secured sufficient liquidity to see us through to full operation. Once we return to full operation, our cash flow will be the primary driver to return to investment-grade credit over time, creating greater shareholder value. Again, thank you for your support, and we can't wait to welcome everyone back on board.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to David. 
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. I'll start today with a review of our guest cruise operations along with our third quarter monthly average cash burn rate. Then I'll provide an update on booking trends and finish up with some insights into our refinancing activity.
 Turning to guest cruise operations. It feels so great to be talking about operations again. We started the quarter with just 5 ships in service. During the third quarter, we successfully restarted ships across 8 of our brands. We ended the quarter with 35% of our fleet capacity in service. Our plans call for another 27 ships to restart guest cruise operations during the fourth quarter and the month of December.
 So on New Year's Day, we anticipate celebrating with 55 ships or nearly 65% of our fleet capacity back in service. For the third quarter, occupancy was 54% across the ships in service. Our brands executed extremely well. Occupancy did improve month-to-month through the quarter and in the month of August, occupancy reached 59% from 39% in June and 51% in July. Occupancy for our North American brands reflects our approach of vaccinated cruises which for the time being, does limit the number of families with children under 12 that can sail with us.
 Occupancy for our European brands reflects capacity restrictions such as social distancing requirements for our Continental European brands and a 1,000-person cap per sailing for some of the quarters in the U.K. For the full third quarter, our North American brands occupancy was 68%, while for our European brands, occupancy was 47%. Revenue per passenger cruise day in the third quarter 2021 increased compared to a strong 2019 despite the current constraints on itinerary offerings which did not include many of the higher-yielding destination-rich itineraries offered in 2019.
 As Arnold indicated, our guests are having a phenomenal time and our Net Promoter Scores have been incredibly strong. As always, happy guests seem to translate into improved onboard revenue. Our onboard and other revenue per diems were up significantly in the third quarter 2021 versus the third quarter 2019, in part due to the bundled packages as well as onboard credits utilized by guests from cruises canceled during the pause. We had great growth in onboard and other per diems on both sides of the Atlantic. Increases in bar, casino, shops, spa and Internet led the way on board.
 Over the past 2 years, we have offered and our guests have chosen more and more bundled package options. In the end, we will see the benefit of these bundled packages in onboard and other revenue as we did during the third quarter 2021. As a result of these bundled packages, the line between passenger ticket revenue and onboard revenue seems to be blurring. For accounting purposes, we allocate the total price paid by the guests between the 2 categories. Therefore, the best way to judge our performance is by reference to our total cruise revenue metrics. As we previously guided, the ships in service during the third quarter were in fact cash flow positive. They generated nearly $90 million of ship-level cash contribution. This was achieved with only a 2-month U.S.-based restart during the third quarter as our North American brands began guest cruise operations in early July.
 We expect the ship-level cash contribution to grow over time as more ships return to service and as we build on our occupancy percentages. For those of you who are modeling our future results, I did want to point out that due to the cost of a portion of our fleet being in pause status during the first half of 2022, restart-related expenses and the cost of maintaining enhanced health and safety protocols, we are projecting ship operating expenses in 2022 for available lower berth day or per ALBD as it is more commonly called to be higher than 2019 despite the benefit we get from the 19 smaller, less efficient ships leaving the fleet.
 Remember, that because a portion of the fleet will be in pause status during the first half, we are spreading costs over less ALBDs. We do anticipate that most of these costs and expenses will end with 2022 and will not reoccur in fiscal 2023.
 Now let's look at our monthly average cash burn rate. For the third quarter 2021, our cash burn rate was $510 million per month, which was better than our previous guidance and was in line with the $500 million per month for the first half of 2021. The improvement versus our guidance was due to the timing of capital expenditures, which are now likely to occur in the fourth quarter and some other small working capital changes.
 With the timing of certain capital expenditures now shifting to the fourth quarter, the company expects its monthly average cash burn rate for the fourth quarter to be higher than the monthly average rate for the first 9 months of the year.
 Other good news positive factors impacting the fourth quarter are restart expenditures to support not only the 22 ships that will restart during the fourth quarter but also the additional ships that will restart in the first quarter of 2022, along with the significant increase in dry dock days during the fourth quarter, driven by the restart schedule. All these expenditures have been anticipated and given the announced restarts many of them are now occurring in the fourth quarter.
 Also, during the fourth quarter, we are forecasting positive cash flow from the 50 ships that will have guest cruise operations during the quarter. And ALBDs for the fourth quarter are expected to be 10.3 million which is approximately 47% of our total fleet capacity.
 Now turning to booking trends. Our booking volumes for the all future cruises during the third quarter 2021 were higher than booking volumes during the first quarter. That trend continued over the first couple of months of the third quarter such that we expected the third quarter would end at higher booking levels than the second quarter, but we did manage to achieve that because of lower booking volumes in the month of August when the Delta variant impacted travel and leisure bookings generally. The impact on bookings in August was mostly seen on near-term sailings. However, the impact quickly stabilized in the month of August. And in recent weeks, we have started to see a welcome uptick in booking volumes.
 Our cumulative advanced book position for the second half of 2022 is ahead of a very strong 2019 and is at a new historical high. Pricing on our second half 2022 book position is higher than pricing on bookings at the same time for 2019 sailings driven in part by the bundled pricing strategy for a number of our brands, but excluding the dilutive impact of future cruise credits or more commonly known as FCCs.
 If we were to include the dilutive impact of future cruise credits, pricing on our second half 2022 book position is now in line with pricing at the same time for 2019 sailings. This improved position is a result of positive pricing trends we have seen during the third quarter. This is a great achievement given pricing on bookings for 2019 sailings is a tough comparison as that was the high watermark for historical yield.
 Finally, I will finish up with some insights into our refinancing activity. We are focused on pursuing refinancing opportunities to extend maturities and reduce interest expense. Today, through our debt management efforts, we have reduced our future annual interest expense by over $250 million per year. And we have completed cumulative debt principal payment extensions of approximately $4 billion, improving our future liquidity position. 
 The $4 billion extension results from 3 things: first, the July refinancing of 50% of our first lien notes were $2 billion. Second, the completion of the European debt holiday amendments, which deferred $1.7 billion of principal payments. The deferred principal payments will instead be made over a 5-year period beginning in April 2022. And third, the extension of a $300 million bilateral loan with one of our banking partners. As we look forward, given how support of the debt capital market investors and commercial banks have been, we will be pursuing additional refinancing opportunities to meaningfully reduce our interest expense and extend our maturities over time.
 And now I'll turn the call back over to Arnold. 
Arnold Donald: Thanks, David. Operator, please open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. 
Steven Wieczynski: So Arnold, in your prepared remarks, you -- I think I heard this right, but you talked about how you're expecting 2023's EBITDA should be higher than 2019's EBITDA. And look, I understand there's new net capacity in there that's going to help drive part of that EBITDA. But can you also help us maybe think about at a higher level, what some of your longer-term assumptions are in order to get that EBITDA level, meaning, how are you guys thinking about whether it's the pricing environment, load factors? Anything else you would point out that could kind of bridge that gap? 
Arnold Donald: Sure. I'll make some comments and then give David a chance as well. By '23, again, if things continue to trend the way they're going, we should have the full fleet out. We'll have, as you mentioned, additional capacity with these exciting new ships, more efficient. We've got some cost infrastructure improvements. We're coming out leaner and with better cost structure. We're more efficient on the ships, both from a fuel standpoint as well as an operating standpoint.
 In addition to that, we expect to be back at occupancy levels more comparable to historical or potentially even better given the fact that while there will be some capacity growth at that point in the industry, it's going to be well below the capacity growth that would have occurred absent the pandemic. Go ahead, David, any additional comments? 
David Bernstein: Yes. I'd just point out a few things. So the 19 ships -- between the 19 ships that left the fleet, which Arnold indicated, are smaller, less efficient ships and all the new capacity coming in, we certainly have a much richer cabin mix on board the vessels. There's -- I think we had indicated the cabin -- the balcony cabin mix was about 6 percentage points higher. So that does give us the opportunity to generate more revenue.
 The combination of the ships we said before, those leaving the fleet and the new builds give us a unit cost at the ship operating level, a 4% reduction. On the fuel consumption, just the change in the fleet that I described is 3%. In total, it is a 10% capacity increase net of the ships that left the fleet. So with all of the pent-up demand and all of the things, the revenue management things, the bundle packages that we're offering, which is driving onboard revenue. And everything else we're doing, we feel, as Arnold said, that we have the opportunity for stronger EBITDA in 2023 compared to 2019. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Great. That's great color. And then second question, as we start to think about 2022, is there any way for you to help us think about how '22 is sold at this point? I guess what I'm trying to understand is how much of your capacity is actually available for sale at this point? And then how you think about opening up more capacity for '22 without ultimately impacting your pricing ability? 
David Bernstein: So... 
Arnold Donald: Go ahead, David. 
David Bernstein: Yes. No, happy to. So for all intents and purposes, I think in most cases, we have announced the restart date for 71 ships out of the 95 that will be in the fleet in the spring of 2022. But even those ships where we have not announced the restart date in most cases, we have cleared the inventory for the dates that we don't expect to sail. And we are only selling at this point, the dates that we do anticipate sailing. 
 We just have not made the formal announcement on the remaining 24 ships. But those will be forthcoming in the days and weeks ahead. So what is out there today, more or less, give or take, there may be some changes a little bit on the margin, but more or less what's out there today is what we're selling. We talked about the back half of the year being at a new historical high in terms of the book position. And we were very pleased with that. People are booking further out. And so we're seeing the benefit of that.
 The first half of the year, the only reason we didn't give a detailed year-over-year comparison of '22 versus '19 is because it is a bit of an apples and oranges comparison. While we are very pleased and look at the first half of the year and for the voyages that we're selling, we feel they're at the high end of the historical booking curve. The reason for the apples and oranges comparison is in the first half, we're not running most of the world cruises and all the long exotic voyages. And they tend to book much further out because they're much longer. So if we gave you the numbers, it would be an apples and oranges comparison. But it is fair to say that we feel very comfortable with the pricing and the book position for the first half of 2022. 
Arnold Donald: But Steve, as I said in the prepared comments, we will have -- we're planning to have the full fleet on in time for the summer season where we make the bulk of our profits. So for the second half of '22, we're looking to be in full force. Go ahead, David, you have another comment? 
David Bernstein: Steve, if you just -- we -- 47% of our capacity will be sailing in the -- our capacity will be sailing in the fourth quarter. We end the calendar year we said with nearly 65% of our capacity.
 So during the first half of the year, we're going to go from somewhere around 60% on December 1, up to 100% at the end of the first half. So you can begin to see that the first half of the year is going to be somewhere in between that depending on the exact ramp-up of the capacity. 
Steven Wieczynski: But to be clear, so if -- I'm going to make this up. So let's take a random -- let's take the Carnival Conquest, I'm going to make a ship up here. For the second half of next -- let's look at the second half of next year, are you selling 100% of that capacity today? Or are you still kind of holding back some of that capacity because you don't want to try to get up to that 100% level? And hopefully, that makes sense. 
David Bernstein: No, we're not for future voyages out there because, obviously, we're nowhere near selling out yet. Obviously, if we did, we would have underpriced it. We're not restricting the capacity that we're selling for the back half of 2022. There's no reason to it. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: I wanted to clarify your commentary on the expenses. I know you mentioned some expenses next year, obviously, would not be recurring the capacity out of service, the restart costs. And then maybe the piece that it is would be the enhanced protocols. So if you looked at only the period where everything is operating and so the restart expense would not be in there and the burn of ships out of service.
 For that period forward, and then I guess this would also mean for 2023, is it fair to say that your expense per passenger cruise day would be below 2019 levels when you exclude those sort of onetime restart costs? 
David Bernstein: Well, so... 
Arnold Donald: Where I get -- go ahead, David. It's okay. Go ahead. 
David Bernstein: So when you exclude all of those costs and look into 2023, I mean, we had indicated that the benefit of the change in fleet was on the ship operating expenses was 4% per ALBD. We also have found efficiency shore side as well. And so there are cost efficiencies that we have. We're also -- as the whole world is, we are seeing some inflation. We're working hard to mitigate all of that inflation. 
 We don't see it nearly as much as people in the United States in terms of the labor, given our employment base comes from nearly 150 countries around the world on board our ships. So we have a much more of an opportunity there. And so we're working hard, but I'd be hesitant to give guidance on 2023 cost structure. I think it's just fair to say to give you all the pieces that are out there and then we'll give guidance as we get closer. 
Robin Farley: Okay. Okay. No, that's helpful. So would you venture whether for 2022, whether the shoreside efficiencies would offset the inflation and enhanced protocols just for '22, if you exclude the -- if you get past the restart expenses? 
David Bernstein: Yes. I'd be hesitant to give guidance at this point. Clearly, the short side efficiencies will flow through. And since we're still working through all of the details relating to and sourcing and making changes and mitigating some of the inflationary costs. I'd be hesitant to give guidance. But you can be sure that we've got people focused on those items to optimize the situation. 
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Helpful. And then my other question is just to clarify the commentary on price for next year. If we're just looking at the second half when it's a little more comparable. And then you said, excluding the future cruise credit discounts, the pricing is about in line with 2019 levels. I just want to make sure I understood when you gave your earlier commentary about how there is more bundling now. So more of what is being booked now for second half compared to 2019. Has more of sort of some of the onboard expense, right, kind of in the ticket price because of the bundling, if I'm understanding your comments right? And so I guess, I just want to clarify, when you are seeing price in line with 2019, is that sort of you have -- that after you've allocated some of the bundled ticket price on board? Or -- and then sorry, I guess I'm just trying to think about how comparable... 
David Bernstein: Yes. We've tried to normalize it and do some level of allocation to be an apples-to-apples comparison. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ben Chaiken with Credit Suisse. 
Benjamin Chaiken: Risk of getting overly granular, but I'll try it anyway. If you think about the profitability of the ships, if you think about the profitability of the ships coming online and your new capacity, over the next couple of years or whatever next 2 or 3 years? And then compare that to the remaining legacy fully, obviously, excluding the 19 disposed of ships. Is there any way to ballpark compare those 2 kind of like sets of assets, whether it's margins, EBITDA, revenue premiums, like that's something that's anecdotally talked about in the industry, but that didn't make sense. I can try it differently or we can take it offline. 
Arnold Donald: No. We have rules of thumb about the overall benefit of new ships relative to the fleet. So, David, you might want to... 
David Bernstein: From a cost perspective, if you just look at the unit cost for the -- our new ships coming in, they tend to be 15% to 25% lower on a unit basis than the existing fleet.
 And from a fuel consumption perspective, we're talking more like 25% to 35% more fuel efficient on a unit basis. So we do see the enhanced profitability. And when you start adding in, of course, the better cabin mix, the more opportunity for onboard revenue because there are more -- there's more public space in the larger ships. So all of that does bode well for an improved return on the new ships versus the existing fleet. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. 
Jaime Katz: Now the ships are starting to be deployed, do you have a little bit more visibility on CapEx demands over the next year or 2 that you'd be willing to share with us? I mean, I know we have the cash burn, but it would be helpful to hear the difference between maybe CapEx and OpEx going forward. 
David Bernstein: Yes. We can share with you our CapEx projections without a doubt. So looking at 2022, and I'll give you the 2 pieces of CapEx. The non-new build CapEx, we're projecting about $1.5 billion and the new build is $4.5 billion. So it's about $6 billion in total. Keep in mind, remember that most of the new build is financed with the export credits that are already committed.
 In 2023, the non-new build, we're forecasting about -- also about $1.5 billion, and the new build is $2.7 billion for a total of $4.2 billion. So we are expecting an increase in CapEx in '22 and '23 from where we are today in '21. But we're not expecting to go back. Pre-COVID, we had probably indicated a sort of a steady state CapEx of, call it, $2 billion, non-new build CapEx. And we do believe we'll probably get back there at some point in the future. But in the next 2 years, our best guess at this point is about $1.5 billion. 
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then just going back to Robin's question on bundling. I'm curious whether you guys are thinking that the bundling behavior is something that's more secular. So over time, it's going to remain that the pricing component is less important than it was historically and that the onboard component is more important than it was historically. And I'm not sure if there's anything to read into that, but I don't know if it's a new secular trend or transitory? 
Arnold Donald: Yes. Again, I think we have 9 brands. There's a lot of variability across the brands. And so we -- bundling has been around a while. It's not a new thing. But there has been a more recent trend that guests seem to prefer to have certain aspects of their experience bundled. And so there has been an increase in some aspects of that, whether that's an ongoing trend, probably, but we're going to stay flexible and dynamic and give the guests what they want. 
David Bernstein: And I think one is... if i can add to it, Arnold, what are the benefits of the bundle package? I mean it gives the consumer a choice. And any choices you give the consumer creates hopefully, more demand and better pricing in the long run. But keep in mind that when somebody bundles -- when somebody pays for like their drink package and they're in and ahead of time.
 Well, first of all, that, of course, benefits the agent because they get a commission on the whole package. So it definitely does make the travel agents happy. But when the people get on board, they really have a fresh wallet. And because they've already paid for certain items, so they have a fresh wallet, they're starting over again. 
 And we believe that with the fresh wallet, it does incentivize more onboard spend in total. So we would expect our onboards to be higher in the long run as a result of the bundling, and we did see it in the third quarter. I mean the onboard and other per diems were up significantly compared to 2019. And so some of that is the fresh wallet of people getting on board. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. 
Assia Georgieva: I think you have been doing a great job and probably very happy to be so busy with restart. So congratulations. I had a -- my question is related -- again, Arnold, I think what you've done has been fantastic. And yes, good luck through the end of the year. My question was a little more in terms of sourcing and destinations. With the ships going back to warmer climates, including the Caribbean during the winter months, do you find any difficulties in terms of getting international passengers, especially from Europe with more stringent entry requirements into the U.S. 
 And secondly, Australia seems to continue to be a wildcard, even though it's a small market, relatively speaking, in terms of the capacity you have there. But it's also a somewhat important market during winter. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. Australia is an important market for certain and the travel restrictions absolutely play a part in terms of what we can do with occupancy ultimately. Now the encouraging sign is things continue to loosen up, things continue to improve. You can see in the U.K. where there's good momentum. They are further ahead on vaccinations, et cetera.
 You're seeing that U.S. recently made an announcement that you're fully aware of letting travelers from Europe come in and starting in November. But all of those things in the near term are impacting us for certain, and they will continue to evolve. Eventually Australia will open. Well, we'll be very excited about that and ready to take full advantage of it. And our team over there is working booking cruises going forward and so on in anticipation that you can see they will open. 
 But the world is just processing itself through this pandemic. And as we said and as I said in the remarks earlier on the prepared remarks, it's choppy, but there's movements forward. And the most important thing is that there is pent-up demand, people are very interested in the cruise experience, not just repeat cruise stores, but we're seeing lots of new to brand and new cruisers booking. And so that's a very positive sign. But we do have to get to the point, and we will get there where it's kind of back to some kind of a normal where people are free to travel. 
David Bernstein: And if I can just add... Let me add some... 
Arnold Donald: Go ahead, David. 
David Bernstein: In terms of your question about Europeans traveling to the United States for the Caribbean winter season, so keep in mind, we have multiple brands. And our European brands, essentially are home porting and other places in the Caribbean. So I don't remember every single home port. I mean, P&O in the U.K., I think home ports out of Barbados and [indiscernible] and other places in the Caribbean. They choose home ports where there's great airlift from their home countries. So most of the Europeans who are coming to the Caribbean are going on our European brands and going somewhere in the Caribbean to embark on their vessel.
 The North American brands, which are sailing out of the United States, the overwhelming majority of their guests are probably North Americans sailing on the board ships in the wintertime. So it's -- travel restrictions are easing. People are starting to be able to come. I won't repeat everything that you probably already know. But it's not as big of an issue for us as -- given the structure of where people start their cruises. 
Assia Georgieva: I think a comporting point that you've made is great, and I should have thought about that. And the second question, your yield management guys are probably working very hard because now they have even more levers to work with. So in addition to trying not to underprice and yet reaching occupancy levels where at the ship board level, at least, we're getting a cash benefit. Has there been any change, any restrictions in terms of occupancy? Or is it more a continuation of what you've been doing for decades trying to get the best price? 
Arnold Donald: We've intentionally restricted occupancy for a host of reasons, some related and -- because, again, the brand's all over the place in terms of jurisdictions. So some just to be in compliance, in some cases, others to give a ramp-up to -- because they have new protocols. We have to get the crew experience with it and experience with the guests to make sure we work on [indiscernible] and some an artifact of the compliance measures, whether it's physical distancing or other requirements. And so at this point, yes, there's been intentional constraint.
 But as we said, where we have like normal cruises in the Caribbean, there's vaccinated cruises, but Carnival brand has been at 70% occupancy, which is fantastic given the number of ships they had in the protocols. And again, we intentionally tapped that. So as we begin to open up more, obviously, the yield management folks will have to sharpen their -- I was going to say pencils but nobody uses pencils anymore, jumping on their keyboards more and go to work on it. But it's -- we have good momentum. It's very disciplined. We have managed the timing of restarts of some ships thinking through these matters. And so it's a very proactive and to date, well managed relaunch giving us an opportunity to have strength in pricing going forward. 
Assia Georgieva: The whole process is obviously well above my pay grade, so I still use pencils. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brandt Montour with JPMorgan. 
Brandt Montour: So David, I was wondering if you could maybe give us your view on how bookings cadence progressed throughout Delta, but just focused on sailings for the second half of '22. And then if there was a wobble at all, how did the industry respond to that in terms of pricing? 
David Bernstein: Yes. So as I said in my prepared remarks, the impact in August of the Delta variant on bookings. It's really much more of a near-term phenomenon in terms of, call it, the next 6 months, maybe 9 months of bookings. The further out you go, it is really hard to even spot or distinguish a Delta variant trend in the booking patterns. So the second half remains strong and throughout the month of August.
 And in terms of pricing, I think Arnold said this in his notes in his prepared remarks, we all believe that the Delta variant would -- we would get past this. And so our view was to maintain price and to make sure that we optimize revenue in the long run, not just bookings during the month of August, we still have plenty of time since we're ahead. We still have plenty of time to fill up the ships to the occupancy levels we're targeting for both the fourth quarter and for the first half of 2022. So we are holding price and we're in a good position. 
Brandt Montour: Excellent. And then as a follow-up, I know you're targeting cash flow -- cash flow from operations breakeven sometimes early in '22, and I know that you didn't give a specific month on that, which we can appreciate. I'm just curious, what are you assuming in that for customer deposit inflows if anything, or it might still be elevated at that time. And so just curious what's baked in for that. 
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, customer deposits at the end of the third quarter were $3.1 million. The last 2 quarters, they did increase. Our expectation is that they will continue to increase. Of course, in a steady-state environment, remember that the overwhelming majority of the customer deposits at any point in time are the final payments for the next 3 months of cruises. So as the capacity for the next 3 months continues to build towards the 100% next spring, you should see an increase in customer deposits over time as you continue to get more and more final payments.
 Keep in mind, like for the fourth quarter, we only have 47% of the capacity in service, so there's only half of probably the final payments that you would see come next May. So you will continue to see an increase driven by that factor. And that should be a positive cash flow inflow to us over that time frame. 
Brandt Montour: Okay. But maybe to ask a different way, do you need elevated customer deposit inflows to breakeven on cash flow from operations in the first half of next year? 
David Bernstein: I'll -- EBITDA will also break even in the early part of 2022. So it's -- I'd give you that hopefully answers your question. 
Brandt Montour: Yes, that's helpful. 
David Bernstein: Correct, in a much more direct way. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: Could you just talk about the pricing and booking dynamics between what you saw on Carnival versus maybe some of the other brands, specifically looking at second half '22 as itineraries normalized? Did you see any difference more recently in close-in bookings that may inform how that trajectory could evolve? 
Arnold Donald: I would say to begin with, we see strength across the branded portfolio and that's very encouraging to us. But go ahead, David, with any specific comments you might want to make. 
David Bernstein: For the back half of '22, I mean, as Arnold said, all the brands are strong, things are going well. It's all the -- we're getting back to sort of a normalized comparison of full breadth of itineraries across the whole fleet. And so we feel very good about that. As I said, the back half of 2022 was at a historical high. And we saw great trends in all brands and on both sides of the Atlantic. So there's nothing particular to note there. Closer in, some of that is just a function of itineraries and marketplaces, but we are seeing good occupancy and across all the brands. I gave you the occupancy figures for the third quarter. Clearly, the European brands had more capacity restrictions in the third quarter.
 The U.K. restrictions go away, but the Continental Europe social distancing restrictions remain at least for part of the quarter. So I -- there's nothing worth noting. I think we're seeing good comparisons and good booking trends across all the brands. There are small differences, but some of that also has to do with itinerary length between the different brands in the marketplaces. 
Arnold Donald: We'll take one last question, operator. Yes, I'm sorry, go ahead. This will be the last question. Go ahead. 
Stephen Grambling: I may have missed this, but I was wondering if you had any way you can quantify the potential kind of sustained structural cost increases that you have from some of the health actions. And as you mentioned, there are some supply chain disruptions. So I'm wondering if you can help frame kind of the level of inflation you may be seeing, whether it's in labor or commodities. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. Real quick, I'll make a general comment. I think from a sustainable cost standpoint, a lot of the protocols, the start-up costs, of course, will go away. Lot of protocol costs will also go away because over time, the protocols won't be required. Once we get to a point where it's only protocol costs, those are in the hundreds of thousands versus per ship versus millions of dollars per ship or whatever. And again, we suspect that those will reduce over time as well. David? 
David Bernstein: Yes. I agree with Arnold. And I will tell you, I'm reluctant at this point to try to peg this because there's so many moving parts and variables and so many things we're working on that when we get closer, we'll have much better clarity, but there's a lot of opportunity out there for us. And you can be sure we're working hard to maximize those opportunities in every way with every supplier and every item we source as well as the labor and other things. So we'll give you more guidance as time goes on, but just recognize, we are clearly focused on this on an ongoing basis. 
Arnold Donald: And thank you, everyone. We really appreciate your support and ongoing interest and we're very excited to be having the results we're having at this point. Thank you so much. 
David Bernstein: Thank you, everyone. Have a.... 
Arnold Donald: Operator? 
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-06-24 10:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Business Update Conference Call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison, as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. I'll start today with an update on booking trends, then I'll provide our monthly average cash burn rate along with a summary of our second quarter cash flows and then finish up with some insights into our financial position. Turning to booking trends. Our booking volumes have been very strong given the circumstances and are clearly improving. Volumes for all future cruises during the second quarter 2021 were 45% ahead of booking volumes during the first quarter. The increase was driven by both close-in bookings associated with the recent restart announcements as well as strong booking volumes for 2022. This is a clear demonstration of the pent-up demand for cruises as well as the long-term potential for the market. Just as positive, our cumulative advanced book position for the full-year 2022 is ahead of a very strong 2019, which was at the high-end of the historical range. I would like to point out that our booking volumes and book position are very encouraging, given that they were achieved with minimal advertising and promotional activities. Pricing on our full-year 2022 book positions is higher than pricing on bookings at the same time for 2019 sailings, driven in part by the bundled pricing strategy for a number of our brands, but excluding the dilutive impacts of Future Cruise Credits or more commonly known as FCCs. This is a great achievement given pricing on bookings for 2019 sailing is a tough comparison as it was a high watermark for historical yield. Over the past year or so, we have offered, and our guests have chosen more and more bundled package options. In the end, we will see the benefit of these bundled packages in onboard and other revenues. I just want to remind everyone that due to the pause in guest cruise operations, the company's current booking trends are being compared to booking trends for 2019 sailings and not the prior year. Now let's look at our monthly average cash burn rate. For the first half of 2021, our cash burn rate was $500 million per month, which was better than the previous forecast of $550 million. The improvement was mainly due to the timing of cash received from ship sales just before the end of the second quarter and some other small working capital changes. During the third quarter, we are forecasting positive cash flow from the 27 ships that will have guest cruise operations during the quarter. However, keep in mind that many of those ships do not begin operations until late in the quarter. As a result, the Available Lower Berth Days or ALBDs as they are more commonly called for the third quarter will only be $3.8 million. However, as we have previously discussed, not all these ALBDs will be sold to our third quarter cruises.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Absolutely. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about your comment on pricing for 2022 cruises being ahead, excluding Future Cruise Credits. It seems like Future Cruise Credits are about 15% of bookings and maybe only a 20% discount on average that it would basically be kind of a low single-digit impact to your pricing. So I guess my question is, is pricing  the checks that we do is showing very strong pricing for 2022 and a lot of that's probably the bundling impacting that, but if you included that sort of 3% impact or so from Future Cruise Credits, would pricing not be up versus 2019 levels for 2022? And then sort of part B of that question is just given that you expect ships to be in service  all ships by the spring, maybe potentially not all at a 100% occupancy yet at that point. Does that give you the ability to have a little more price if the sort of low as 10% of cabins on the ship don't get filled? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Yes. Thank you, Robin. Good morning. I'll let David add some detail, but generally the pricing environment, as you point out, is strong in terms of the fleet returning. Yes, we're planning to have the fleet sailing before next summer, the full fleet. Of course, we have to see what evolves around the world. There are still pockets of  and large pockets of still serious challenges with COVID-19. So we'll have to see how all that unfolds, but we expect to have the fleet sailing in full prior to next summer and the pricing environment is strong. David?
David Bernstein: Yes. So Robin, when you think about 2022, as Arnold said, the environment is strong, but remember we only have a portion of 2022 on the books. So the FCC rebookings represent a meaningful part of the overall bookings for 2022, and as a result of that, you're seeing that in the short-term, you mentioned 3%, the number is actually larger than that impact at the moment, given the number of bookings we have. The other thing to keep in mind is that there were a lot of rebookings into 2022 from 2021 as people  as we did pause and canceled some cruises. We rebooked people at the same price in 2022. So the impact is  for the FCCs is a bit larger than what you had indicated. However, I will say, as we continue to book the remaining portion of 2022, those FCC rebookings will become a smaller and smaller portion of the total. And I do expect that when all is said and done, the FCC impact will just be a few percentage points on the ultimate final yield for 2022.
Robin Farley: That's very helpful. Thanks. And so understanding the timing of that right, that the FCC portion will kind of move down as no more new bookings are taken. Is it reasonable to think that your pricing when  because right now what you have on the book, as you mentioned, is the rebooked  a lot of rebooked and a lot of FCC. As those portions move down as a percent of total, is it reasonable based on the strength that you're seeing in new bookings coming in that price will be ahead of 2019 levels next year?
David Bernstein: So we're not really  it's early days and we're not in a position to give guidance. But as Arnold said, the pricing environment is very strong. Our brands have done a lot to raise price over time. There's a lot of pent-up demand out there and we feel very good about our overall position. Booking volumes as we said have been increasing and so all these signs point in the right direction. But I do think it's premature for me to give guidance at this point.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Understood. Thank you all. I'll hop back in the queue for my other questions. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Farley. And up next, we have a question from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead, sir.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes. Hey guys. Good morning. So first question would actually be a clarification, and I guess I think I  well, I feel like I'm hearing you guys a little bit two different ways. And what I mean by that is, when you guys talk about getting your full fleet back in operation by the spring of 2022, does that mean the actual number of ships in operation or does that mean all of your ships are going to be operating at normal capacity levels? I think there is some confusion out there with a lot of investors that we are talking to.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thanks for the question. First of all, definitely, we hope to have all of our ships and are planning for that. But we also are optimistic that we can be at capacity at that point in time. But we've got many months to go here to see. But we're hopeful that we'll be sailing at capacity and with full fleet.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. Second question...
David Bernstein: Steve, if I could add one thing. I will point out the fact that we have a number of voyages, different cruises out there, and keep in mind that the voyages that we have, that are for vaccinated guests. There are no social distancing requirements or capacity requirements on those voyages. So just keep that in mind as you kind of round out and project the future.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. Thanks, David for that. And then second question, I guess, just maybe if you can give us an update on where you guys are with the state of Florida and the Governor at this point? Obviously, I think there is a little bit of confusion out there as well in terms of the way he wants kind of the state to work versus you guys wanting most of your passengers and crew to be vaccinated. Can you just kind of give us an update in terms of where you guys are at this point?
Arnold Donald: Sure. First of all, we're really looking forward to welcoming our guests on board. We as you know have had a few sailings over in Europe during this pandemic. But it's really exciting for us and our people to be looking across not only here in Florida, but we have the Vista starting on July 3 in Galveston, The Breeze on July 15 in Galveston, Carnival Miracle in July 27 at Seattle, Mardi Gras will start sailing along with Horizon, Horizon starting on the 4, Mardi Gras, July 31 from Florida and then all of our other brands around the world. So it's just a really busy time and an intense time, an exciting time and of course there is a lot of noise. There is lots of different jurisdictions and different perspectives on how things should go.  So where we are is that we're looking to walk forward to welcome our guests on board. We continue to be in dialog with the Governor's office. We continue to be in dialog with the CDC, as you know there is the court ruling that affected the conditional sale order and that's still in place, the conditional sale order from CDC through July 18. And at this point, we were prepared to sail under that order with primarily vaccinated cruises. There will be unvaccinated people on those cruises, not a 100% vaccinated. And so we're very optimistic and working very hard to ensure that we can try to make everyone happy. But we are welcoming our guests on board Horizon on July 4 in Florida.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, got it. And David, can I ask you one quick housekeeping question? I guess, you talked about  I think you said that you're expecting $3.8 million ALBDs is in the third quarter. And based on what you guys have announced today, I'm not sure you're going to answer this, but is there any way to help us think about maybe what the fourth quarter would look like as well?
David Bernstein: Yes. I don't have that calculation handy with me Steve. But if you call Beth, I'm sure she can provide it to you.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. That's great. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And up next, we have a question from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hardiman: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. So David, you sort of opened the door...
Arnold Donald: Good morning, James.
James Hardiman: Good morning. This idea that obviously the voyages that have 95% plus vaccinated, you don't have the social distancing requirements or the capacity requirements that  but if you don't have that you do. Can you maybe walk us through, at least based off what you currently know, obviously it is a fluid situation, what you expect your mix of both of those categories to be and how we should think about the occupancy ramp within ships that do not meet that vaccination hurdle?
David Bernstein: So it's very difficult to give you an exact mix of what we expect going forward, because this gets into the evolution of COVID and mitigation. We're very clear and we're out there with all the cruises we've recently announced what each ship will be and how it will work. But as we go along, we do expect things to continue to evolve and change, and everything has been evolving in a very positive way and we're hopeful that that continues, and so that should put us in a better situation in the days and weeks and months ahead. So because it is difficult to project, it's very hard for me to answer that question with great detail but my expectation is that we will be able to have higher and higher occupancy levels over time. And you know, there are lot of projections out there that talk about potentially 70% of the globe getting vaccinated by some point in early 2022. If that's the case, then a lot of these protocols are potentially can start to be removed and we'll just have to see how things progress over time. As Arnold mentioned in his prepared remarks, agility has been one of the greatest things that have gotten us to this point and we are going to have to remain agile to try to react to the circumstances moving forward.
Arnold Donald: I think I just would add that...
James Hardiman: Understood. Go ahead.
Arnold Donald: I just would like to reinforce what David is saying is that things are moving in a positive direction. It is going to be  it is probably going to be a little choppy around the world and we're a global business and it's probably going to be a little bit choppy. So we've said for quite some time the rest of 2021 or early 2022 will be a transition period. But we're on a path to getting to a great place the world is with the vaccines, the various vaccines, the advancements in treatments, et cetera, but it could be choppy. But by 2022 and beyond, hopefully, with the advancements in science we'll be in a position to be able to sail, as one of the people asked, with full occupancy and full fleet.
James Hardiman: That's really helpful. And then another  I did so, and it's similarly difficult to quantify with any specificity. But if I think about spring of 2022 being some return to normality, I think one of the most difficult thing  one of the most difficult issues in terms of valuing your company and other cruise companies is just sort of figuring out what the balance sheet looks like at that point. So I guess are we any closer to figuring out when we'll get back to maybe a cash flow breakeven number. I get that there is going to be some incremental restart cost here in the near term, but is there any color you can give us, any way to think about cash flow breakeven or sort of an interest expense number once we are on the other side of this.
David Bernstein: Yes. So the difficult part, remember, so many variables that we just talked about. But if we do get back in the spring of 2022, we have the full fleet back in operation. We're able to get to more normal type occupancy levels then we should be  have significant positive EBITDA, particularly in the summer months of 2022 and we'll move forward from there. So I feel like we're in  it's very hard to project from where we are today with five ships in operation to 95 ships in operation next spring, we have 90 ships and our fleet today but remember we have five more newbuilds coming that will be back in service. So we'll have 95 ships in operation next spring. And we do expect at some point during that process to get into a positive EBITDA. But with the seasonality of our business and a lot of the other restart expenses that we mentioned, it's difficult to project the exact months where EBITDA goes positive or cash flow goes positive. But we're very hopeful, the spring isn't very far away and we are looking forward to that. And keep in mind that you know if you look at our historical results, everybody has always seen that the third quarter is our strongest quarter. If you actually add in the month of May, the four months May through August represent just a third of the calendar year, but it represents two-thirds of our EBITDA or our operating profit. So we are focused on getting the full fleet back in service by next spring in order to capture a great summer of 2022.
James Hardiman: Got it. I think that makes sense. And just to clarify, we should not be then, based on everything you just said, assuming that you get to that breakeven level significantly before that spring of next year. It's tough to say at this point.
David Bernstein: Well, I wouldn't say  I'm not giving guidance because it's tough to say because of so many other factors with restart expenses and everything else involved. It is tough to say.
James Hardiman: Okay, fair enough. Thanks guys.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question.  Up next, we have a question from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz: Hi, good morning.
Arnold Donald: Hi, Jaime.
Jaime Katz: I actually want to  thank you of James' question in that we have some visibility into what capital markets look like right now and you have been able to refinance some of this debt. And so as we think about the full year is there a way that we should think about debt service costs if you are able to make the changes that you would like to make?
David Bernstein: So I do apologize but you broke up for me about halfway through to the question. So I do apologize, if you could repeat, I'm not sure why?
Jaime Katz: Sure, no problem. I said, since we know what the debt capital markets looks like right now and the ability to refinance has been fairly easy, I guess. Is there a way that we should be thinking about debt service costs for the current year given that you probably have some intended plans for refinancing over the last six months of 2021?
David Bernstein: So if you're talking about interest expense, the interest expense, our current forecast is $1.6 billion for 2021. Last quarter, I think I had said $1.7 billion. So we do expect a decrease as a result of our refinancing efforts. And I think if you look at the principal repayments, in the business update we did give the principal repayments but keep in mind that those principal repayments were prior to what we expect to close in the third quarter, which is the $1 billion debt deferral with the Debt Holiday two. So those numbers will come down as well.
Jaime Katz: Right. And then, I know the U.S. is really leading the way out of the COVID period. But if you have any color on European or Asia Pacific demand, I would love to hear that at this time. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: So just in general, in terms of the environment. Obviously, the U.S. is ahead of many places although there are pockets in Europe that have done well as well with vaccines. And again, we encourage everyone to get a vaccination. It's the best way to keep yourselves safe and your loved ones safe. And so in that regard, there is more movement here in the U.S. from an environment standpoint collectively, although there are good pockets up in Europe and elsewhere. I'll talk about Asia and Australia and then I'll let David comment on the general booking situation abroad. But Asia and Australia are  and in particular China and Australia are still pretty much on lockdown when it comes to travel. And so we continue to be in constant dialog with appropriate players there. And eventually, it will open up and we'll be ready to go when it does. Dave, you want to give some comments on the booking environment.
David Bernstein: Yes. So I guess the best way to phrase it, we said that the 2022 book position was ahead of a very strong 2019 and that's actually the case both for our NAA brands as well as our EA brands. So we are  as Arnold indicated, we are seeing good strong bookings on both sides of the pond as things continue to rebound.
Jaime Katz: Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Up next, we have a question from the line of Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Patrick Scholes: All right. Good morning, everyone.
Arnold Donald: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick Scholes: Good morning. For the sailings in 3Q and 4Q, can you give us an update on limitations on occupancy and/or what occupancy you are targeting for those ships? Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Sure. So broadly right now, as David mentioned earlier, for those sailings that are under, one for the conditional sail order for primarily vaccinated people, the way things are today; there aren't any restrictions, there is no physical distancing et cetera. And so we are slowly ramping up our occupancy on sailings of that type to, first of all, give our crew a chance to get oriented because we are still having enhanced protocols on board from a crew management standpoint and other things. And so those cruises at that point in time can get pretty close to full occupancy by that point. To the extent we have cruises and we do have some outside the U.S. and other places that are under a separate set of protocols because there  we have a lot of unvaccinated people on board, then their  some of their occupancies had to be limited by the physical distancing requirements as long as they persist and again that can all change and evolve as community spread lessens and heard immunity increases. And so it's a hodgepodge, and at this point, as David already kind of reference, it's hard to predict exactly where we're going to be on those because we have to look at the specific itineraries, the destination requirements, the home port requirements, and what the environment is at the time. Now, we're all pretty optimistic right now and hopefully that trend will continue. So directionally, we think we'll be moving more to higher and higher occupancy and then full occupancy. But we're not forecasting at this point. David?
Patrick Scholes: Okay.
David Bernstein: And I think that was well said, Arnold.
Patrick Scholes: Okay.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Just I guess to think of as a starting point for the limited capacity that did go out last quarter what was the occupancy on that?
David Bernstein: So it was very limited, like $440,000 ALBD. There was one ship that started in March and then there were four other ships that started in May. The occupancy started, they improved as the quarter went on and we were seeing ships that were at 50% or above by the end of the quarter but you do have to understand the background because I'll give you a great example. One of the ships for AIDA was sailing in the Canary Islands, and so the Germans that went on this ship because of the restricted travel requirements in Germany, the people had to quarantine when they came home. But then, once the quarantine and the travel restrictions started to reduce, you started to see better and better occupancies, and better and better cash flows on the ship. So while we did invest early on, we did see positive cash flows on the ships later in the quarter. So we were very pleased with the overall experience.
Arnold Donald: Yes. And we proactively managed on the occupancies early on because again, we had  at that case, we had extensive protocols, universal testing, enhanced medical screening, physical distancing, mask wearing, enhanced sanitation, enhance air handling. So there was a whole lot of the different protocols and so initially on those we really were pretty stringent and really tapped on the occupancy ourselves.
David Bernstein: And we're expecting to see better occupancies as time goes on for all the reasons that we talked about.
Patrick Scholes: Sure, that's great. Thank you, David. Makes sense and certainly good luck for  certainly in Florida coming up. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And up next we have a question from the line of James Ainley with Citi. Please go ahead.
James Ainley: Yes, good morning everybody. Thanks for taking my questions.
Arnold Donald: Good morning.
James Ainley: Good morning. I'm interested in just digging into your ESG commitments a bit more, the kind of 40% reduction in carbon emissions by 2030. Can you just flush out a bit more about the tools and mechanisms you need to get there and can you help us with what the potential cost implications might be and I'm thinking maybe you might need to buy carbon credits and things like that. So any color on that would be very helpful.
Arnold Donald: Sure. We've been on a concerted march on reduction of carbon emissions for some time and we've already effected a 30% reduction since our baseline of 2006 and we achieved that in a number of different ways for more basic things like just really being rigorous in tuning our engines and carefully planning itineraries and so on to much more investment required or in a ways of  through lighting schemes and technologies and handling waste and density on the ships. And then, of course, we made a hard commitment early before there was even an infrastructure in place on liquefied natural gas. So we were the first with an LNG ship with our AIDA brand. We did that  frankly, we made the commitment to do that, we weren't even sure how we were going to fuel the ship. But we had time during the construction phase and whatnot to work out a deal with Shell and now we've got infrastructure in place and then such that we have 11 ships in total now either sailing or under construction. As you know LNG is the cleanest burning fossil fuel. It also gives us a 20% smaller footprint from a carbon emission standpoint and so those are the ways we have gotten there and plan to get there. But ultimately, our goal is a net zero emission platform over time and to do that we're going to have to have size and technology work with us in the form of better and combinations of lithium-ion battery technology, fuel cell technology, biofuels et cetera. But we are on a hard march and we have a line of sight for the 40% reduction. We're going to need some technology advancements to get to the net zero. I hope I answered your question.
James Ainley: Yes, thanks. So the LNG ships on their own, how much of that 40% reduction will come from them on their own?
Arnold Donald: Well as I'd say, we're already at 30%. So as we move forward, we'll continue with  new ships inherently are more efficient because everything is engineered from day one to be that way but the LNG ships will represent, once we get to the 11th one about 20% of our fleet. So they will be a significant contributor to us being able to achieve and hopefully beat the 40% target.
James Ainley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you once again. And we now have a question from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Frederick Wightman: Hey guys, it's actually Fred Wightman on for Greg. As we think about the possibility of the full  hey, guys. If we think about the possibility that the full fleet is back in the mode next summer. David, touched on some of the seasonality considerations just looking at the third quarter specifically. Should we expect some yield headwinds just from reduced access to international travel or do you think that we could be in a more normalized sourcing and deployment mix by then?
Arnold Donald: Again, we're not trying to give any guidance or anything at this point. But what I would say is, we've exited 19 ships or will. And so as I said in the remarks earlier, that's a significant reduction in capacity. Now we are adding new ships, which we're very excited about. And therefore, we'll get to capacity comparable to what we had in 2019 eventually. But the reality is that we're at a much lower growth rate as an industry and as a company than we were before. With a lot of pent-up demand, keep in mind by next spring a lot of repeat cruisers still may not have the opportunity to cruise again, and we have a huge base of repeat cruisers across our various brands. And so there will still be a considerable pent-up demand that has been largely unsatisfied at that point in time and that's the environment that we're anticipating we'll be operating in. But we aren't going so far as to try to predict. David, I don't know, if you wanted to add any color.
David Bernstein: Yes. No, the only other thing that I'll add is on travel restrictions, travel restrictions are being reduced and changed every day. So the summer of 2022, I mean we're talking 11 months away, 11, 12 months away. So there is a lot of opportunity as we  as things continue to evolve and improve to see many if not most or all of those restrictions disappear before the summer of 2022. I know I booked my cruise in December of 2022. I expect to go to Turkey, Greece and Italy, and I'm really looking forward to it and looking forward to reduced travel restrictions.
Arnold Donald: And David definitely gives the friends and family premium when he
David Bernstein: Exactly.
Arnold Donald: There is no big price, right, for David. Yes.
Frederick Wightman: Good. Glad to hear that for you, David.
Operator: Thank you. And up next we have a question from the line of Ali Naqvi with HSBC. Please go ahead.
Ali Naqvi: Hi, thank you for taking the question. Just wanted to ask, in terms of your views on leverage longer term, would you look to deploy equity to maybe increase the pace to get to investment grade?
Arnold Donald: Real quickly, look, we have good liquidity in place now, we feel, to get us back to full sailing of the fleet. Cash generation is the way and cash maximization is the way we're going to accelerate repayment of debt. We're going to do some refinancings to lower the interest burden along the way. But basically, that's the path we're on right now.
Ali Naqvi: Understood and do you have a view as to what happens to pricing when the sort of pent-up demand for cruising normalizes? Does happen in 2023 or beyond that?
Arnold Donald: I think for our plans, as I said on the call, we were on a growth trend of 4.5% pre-COVID through 2025 with the moves we've taken in the newbuilds, we already have coming in, we'll be at a growth rate annualized of 2.5%. So that's a much lower growth rate, and I think that, again, continued pent-up demand, people have spent a lot of time in isolation and lockdown, people really want to experience things. I think that's going the last a while, and so we're  obviously it's hard to predict the future but we're logically optimistic that there will be a good environment for some years for me here.
Ali Naqvi: Understood. Very clear.
David Bernstein: So operator, given the time, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And the final question therefore comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, I'm convinced you guys go in alphabetical order. So next time we come in first and do these first. But I guess I just wanted to clarify something, David, the CapEx for the year, are you raising the expectation or is it just weighted to the second half of the year on timing.
David Bernstein: Oh, it's weighted to the second half of the year timing. We have  because as part  of during the pause, we delayed a lot of dry docks. We have quite a few ships going into dry dock in the second half of 2021, and so you will see capital associated with those ships and so the timing is weighted towards the second half.
Sharon Zackfia: Perfect. And then one other question. This may be hard to ascertain just given the bundling aspect of what's being offered. But what is the appetite or what are you seeing in pre-booking for on-board spending?
David Bernstein: So the trends, when you try to dissect them, we're seeing similar trends to what we have seen historically on the on-board spend side but it is, as you say, it's very, very difficult because  and I'm talking about people who are not booking the bundled packages. When you talk to the various brands around the globe, they are still pushing as they always have on-board other on-board packages and things associated with the cruise and no significant changes in that front.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you, everyone. Really appreciate your time. It's a great feeling to have an expanded opportunity to welcome guests on board here in the coming months and we're very excited about it. But thank you very much. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Thank you, once again. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-07 10:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Business Update Conference Call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Of course, the thing on everyone's mind is, when are we going to resume sailing here in the U.S.? Now while we're very disappointed with the April 2nd additional guidance issued under the conditional sail order, all 30 of our ships in U.S. waters, and that fall under the conditional sail order, have achieved green status. And we are continuing to work with the CDC and the administration to find practical approaches to resuming cruising in a way that serves the best interest of public health.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. I'll start today with an update on booking trends. Then I'll provide our monthly average cash burn rate, along with the summary of our first quarter cash flow. Next, for those of you who are modeling our net income and EPS, I will provide you with some key data and then finish up with some insights into our financial position. Turning to booking trends. Our booking volumes have been very strong given the circumstances. Booking volumes for all future cruises during the first quarter 2021 were approximately 90% ahead of booking volumes during the fourth quarter 2020. Just as positive, our cumulative advanced book position for the full year 2022 is ahead of a very strong 2019, which was at the high end of the historical range.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, guys, good morning.
Arnold Donald: Hey, good morning.
Steve Wieczynski: So  good morning, Arnold. Hope, youre doing well. So it seems like yesterday, we got some additional comments from the CDC, which -- who knows if they're true or they're not, but it seems like they could be at the point where they might be open to allowing cruising from North American ports by mid-summer, which is encouraging. And I guess the question is going to be -- before those comments came out, we've seen some of your competitors start to announce Caribbean itineraries that embark -- they were embarking from so-called foreign ports. And you guys really didn't do anything like that for your Carnival or your Princess, kind of core North American brands. And I guess is that something that you would still explore at this point? Or do you just kind of sit back and wait at this point to see what the CDC officially kind of comes out for before you make that type of decision? And hopefully, that all makes sense.
Arnold Donald: Yes, Steve. I think, first of all, just a couple of things. Princess has announced some sailings from the UK, some limited sailings from the UK. But you're correct, we haven't announced sailings just for Princess or Carnival. We have announced for Seabourn sailings out of Greece as an example.  So look, the bottom line is this, we are in dialogue with CDC and with the administration. We stand with everybody in trying to make certain that we all contain this virus. And public health is paramount here. So we -- we're in all that. But as released on April 2, that is not necessarily a workable or practical solution. And so we're in dialogue to try to come up with that. So we want to share the optimism that we can be sailing in July. And I think by working together, we can all make that happen. In terms of whether we would consider sailing or home porting out of the Caribbean, Carnival is really America's original cruise line. It is Americas line, we sail more people than anybody else from America and more kids and all that. And part of it is the drive to market capabilities to access for people. So I have 14 home ports here in the U.S. Nobody else has anything like that for Carnival. We prefer to get the people who are working in the ports, all the people who depend on the cruise industry for their livelihood, obviously, we prefer -- and I'm sure the other companies would too, we prefer to have those jobs and all that stuff be here. But if we're unable to sail, then obviously we will consider home porting elsewhere. I hope I answered your questions.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes, you did. Thank you very much. And then second question, its probably going to be for David. But I mean -- so pre-pandemic, you guys were always kind of targeting a double-digit ROIC. And I guess, if we assume cruising goes back to a so-called normal at some point over the next, call it, couple of years, is there any color you could give us around what that ROIC could look like now given the much lower cost structure, but obviously, you have higher interest costs as well. So any color about what that ROIC could look like down the road, David, that would be very helpful? Thanks.
David Bernstein: Sure, Steve. So just to point out, yes, we do have higher interest expense. But clearly, the return on invested capital is on all of the capital. So the interest expense doesn't impact the ROIC calculation, but we are still targeting an ROIC in the double digits. And as we've said many times before, once we get to the double digits, we're not going to stop there. This is a business that we believe has the capability of going beyond that and getting an ROIC in the low teens, so -- low to mid-teens. So we are moving forward and have a lot of optimism and positive attitude towards our business.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. On the comments last night from the CDC, and I was interested that you didn't mention the potential to have those brands operating from U.S. ports. And I guess it sounds like the April 2 specifications might be burdensome. I guess my question is, if you're reaching agreements with ports and local healthcare authorities in those places, isn't it possible that if you sort of probability weight the outcome of all of the scenarios that you need to take into account according to the specifications and the healthcare you have to provide in the land base, if you probability weight that outcome with a fully vaccinated ship, can't that get you to a number that's low enough, right? In other words, a fully vaccinated ship, the probability, I would think, would be so tiny that you would need to incur those costs. Isn't it workable in kind of a probability-weighted scenario?
Arnold Donald: Robin, there's a lot in your question. I think the conversation around negotiating with ports and local authorities, depending on the specificity and the criteria involved in all that, we do that meaningfully. For example, we've sailed overseas -- the industry has sailed, I think, almost 400,000 guests so far overseas. And to do that, we have to have arrangements with all those places and destinations we go. And so that unto itself, depending again on the criteria established and the paperwork involved that may not be so burdensome because we need to have an understanding. Keep in mind when all this started, people were concerned about ICU units being overwhelmed and so on. And fortunately, that hasn't happened with the advent of vaccines, with the advancement in treatments, with more rapid testing, more readily available testing, with all of that, it appears well in a trend and a trajectory where that is no longer at a big risk.  Having said that, of course, we want to be having a prearranged agreement with what are we going to do if there's a case onboard? Because if it's in the community, there's a chance of it being onboard. The specific solutions you're referring to in terms of everybody vaccinated and so on and so forth, we'll have to see how that evolves. We continue to be informed by global medical and science experts. Of course, we're going to be in compliance with whatever the protocols are regulated wherever we go. Of course, we're going to do that. But as you know, today, everybody doesn't have access to vaccines. Children are not yet really eligible for vaccines. Hopefully, that'll change over time. Hopefully, the availability of the vaccine so everyone will have access will also change over time. And we would encourage everyone to be vaccinated. We would. Today, we can't buy vaccines to do anything. So we just have to let this play out. And keep in mind, we are currently sailing without any major incident, without anybody being vaccinated and with protocols in place. And so you're hoping that the combination will result in -- the combination of vaccinations and other protocols will result in a situation where the public health interest is being served, and we don't have to go through a very burdensome and almost unworkable situation. The key thing is mitigating risk. We can't be -- prefer not to be -- hopefully won't be asked to stand up to a zero risk standard because, frankly, nowhere else in society is that being considered. We just like to be treated similar to the rest of travel and entertainment and tourism sector. And so if we do that, we'll be fine. An interesting point is today, you can fly out of the U.S. Today, you can fly out of U.S., take a cruise and fly back into the U.S., whether you're vaccinated or not. And today, if you're vaccinated, you can't take a cruise ship from the U.S. And so we've got a little work to do here, but we stand with the CDC. We stand with the administration and working together to come up with practical solutions that protect the public health but allow 0.5 million plus people in the U.S. that are dependent on the cruise industry for jobs to be able to get back to work and give people the vacation experience of their choice. Thank you.
Robin Farley: Just one quick follow-up. Just thinking about the opportunity to put additional ships into service this summer, given the booking steps you mentioned, there's record booking levels and all the pent-up demand that we're seeing, how far -- in advance, how close in could you add additional July departures? In other words, does that happen -- have to happen by the end of April to sort of reasonably add other ships in July? Just thinking about that timing.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. Our biggest constraint right now, of course, is being able to ramp up with crew. And so, it will take us minimum 60 up to 90 days to be able to get a crew on board, trained up with new protocols, et cetera, to be able to execute a sailing. So you can backtrack from that in terms of when we'd be able to go with an announcement. And so that's the biggest challenge we have is ramping. But we do have the opportunity from a demand standpoint, assuming we have the crew available and ready to go and trained up that we can do closer in announcements on itineraries and sailings because the demand is there.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: So a lot of discussion about vaccines and how that may or may not help the regulatory landscape. I'm curious about the consumer landscape. Obviously, you've got certain customers that would see a vaccine requirement as a reassuring step, creating a bubble on the sea, so to speak. And then you've got another contingent that would see that as somewhat taking away their freedoms. Talk a little bit about -- I'm sure youve surveyed your own customer base and how you think about -- how big those different contingencies are and how you serve both?
Arnold Donald: Well, I would say, first of all, we would encourage everyone to get a vaccine if available is, today, that combined with other basic simple measures you can take is your best defense, I guess, of getting COVID and certainly your best defense against having any serious effects if you do get COVID. And so we would encourage everyone to get a vaccine. Having said that, of course, people have individual personal liberties, et cetera, to my knowledge, and we're involved in the world having tourism council, involved in U.S. travel group, et cetera. To my knowledge, there is no country -- major country today that is mandating vaccines for travel. And so the option is vaccines or testing or whatever. And so that's my understanding today. There, as you can see, as you go about in society today, whether it's restaurants or entertainment venues, some of the sports teams are opening up where they're taking guests in, there's not a mandate for vaccinations. Then some places in the world is not even legal to mandate vaccinations or anything. So there's a lot of complication in all of that. Having said that, as I said before, we'll be informed by the global experts, the medical experts, the scientists. And of course, we will follow whatever the protocols are that -- are regulated and in place wherever we go, we will have to follow those. And you're right, there are a lot of people who don't feel -- even they are willing to take the vaccine, they don't want to be mandated to take it, and people do have that personal freedom perception and orientation. So we want to encourage people to take the vaccine. And then what our ultimate policies will be, we'll have to get that evolve and see. In the UK, we have some -- we've announced some other sailings in the UK. We just announced one in Seabourn where it's available to people who have vaccinations, but we do not have a company or brand policies right now around vaccinations. And we're going to allow that to play out in line of with what makes the most sense. Does that answer your question?
James Hardiman: Very helpful. It does. And then I guess second question here, and you get this question all the time, but I figure it's worth asking every few months. Walk us through sort of your latest thoughts on the timetables around mobilizing the fleet, how quickly you could get to sort of cash flow breakeven, how quickly do you think it would -- how long do you think it would take to get the full fleet up and running. And then as I think about occupancy, Norwegian talked about a 60% occupancy level to start. Do you think that's a reasonable number? Or is there another number that you're thinking of?
Arnold Donald: Okay. And one other comment in fairness to people on the vaccines, too, I just have to make is that, as I said, and I'll repeat it. But everybody doesn't have access to vaccines today. Hopefully, that will change, and hopefully, it will change very quickly. But today, everyone doesn't have access. And so that's a whole another factor to put in, and children today are not approved to take vaccinations. And so there's testing going on and sciences at work. And in coming months, that could change as well. But today, children obviously are not approved for vaccines. And so, those are additional vaccine commentary. Now back to your current question. Initially, take our UK sailings and some of the other sailings, initially, so we can have opportunity to practice the protocols and make sure everything is going as planned, we're starting with less than 50% occupancy, but that will ramp up pretty quickly as we make certain that the execution is in place and going well. And so that's where we are in terms of the initial sailings. Again, for other companies, whatever theirs are, it's probably just a similar thought process. So people want to make sure that the protocols are in place and are working right, and we all get good practice with our crew in managing all of that. And then it would ramp up as we get better at it. So that's the first comment. In terms of how quickly it gets break out there, David make some comments on the financial perspective. But what we've been saying is 30 to -- depending on the brand and the ship size and a whole bunch of other things, 30% to 50% is -- of occupancy is better than breakeven financially for us for a given ship. In terms of the overall fleet, we are going to come back staggered no matter what. We will be bringing in a few ships in a brand at a time. Hopefully, if we were approved to go and the destinations were all up and running, and we have all the various itineraries and all that, ideally, we'd like to be able to have the fleet fully going by the end of this year, early next year. And that's our aspiration and what we're working hard with various parties around the world to accomplish. And then the last comment I just want to emphasize for us, the U.S. is very important to us, at the same time is the rest of the world. And that's one of the benefit in all the brands we have. And so as I said in my opening remarks, we have nine ships that are involved in other jurisdictions and other regulatory environments that we have to work with. So today, those are a little bit ahead of where we are in the U.S. But hopefully, we'll all get to a level playing field and to be able to bring the fleet back over time. I hope I answered your question, but I'll let David make a comment if you want to add anything on the breakeven conversation.
David Bernstein: Yes. Let me just address the breakeven. It'd be very difficult at this point in time because -- to determine exactly where we breakeven, there are so many variables. I mean you're talking about pricing, the cruise ticket, there's the price of fuel, there's currency. So what I've been doing is referring people back to our 2019 actual. And when we look at 2019, and I've said this before, if we had the top 25% -- top 25 ships in our fleet operating, we would -- and yes, they would be -- I'm just talking about full operations with full occupancy. Those 25 ships would generate enough cash flow to cover the pause cost for the other 60 ships in our -- 65 ships in our fleet as well as cover the full $2.4 billion of SG&A that we had in 2019. And by the way, with Arnold's comments, coming back and being more efficient, hopefully, we can do better than what we did in 2019 in terms of SG&A. But hopefully, that helps you build your own model because there are just too many variables at this point for me to be specific on the guidance of when we'd be cash flow breakeven.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Scholes with Truist.
Patrick Scholes: A couple of questions for you. Yesterday, the CDC came out -- it was in a Bloomberg article, and I quote, "Hopefully, by mid-summer with -- hopefully, by mid-summer, there'll be restricted revenue sailing." I'm curious, I'm sure you thought about this. By them saying restricted revenue, do you interpret that to mean test cruises or would that be limited occupancy on paying cruises?
Arnold Donald: Thank you for the question, Patrick. I think I'd -- rather the CDC respond to what they were thinking when they said that, again, we want to work with them and the administration to ensure that ultimately, it would be really revenue cruises at this point in time. And we look forward to working with them to come up with a practical approach that would make that happen and still serve the interest of public health.
Patrick Scholes: Understood. And then in that regard, do you have a date in your mind? And I don't want to -- I don't expect you to tell what that date might be. But do you have a date in your mind that you'd just say, hey, it's X date and we're just not really moving forward here sailing out of the United States that you would possibly go ahead and pull the U.S. ships and sail them out of other countries at that point, sort of a deadline date in your mind?
Arnold Donald: No, I wouldn't say there's a date per se. Obviously, practically speaking, as a company, we'll have to make prudent decisions due to our investors. And so we'll do what we think we need to do to get people an opportunity to sail and to give an opportunity for people to work and earn and so on and so forth. But we don't have a arbitrary date. I would say it's sooner rather than later that we might have to announce some additional home porting outside the U.S. We're trying to hold back on that, but it could be sooner rather than later on that. But I continue to be very much focused on working with the CDC and the administration to come up with a solution that works for American workers and American public, and I think we can. I think if we all just continue to work together, we'll figure that out. 
Patrick Scholes : Okay, fair enough. And thank you for the
Arnold Donald: Where we have figured it out, and I think we can figure it out here, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandt Montour with JPMorgan.
Brandt Montour: Sorry, one more on vaccines and CDC. And understand that you don't want to alienate any of your U.S. loyal guests. The other Norwegian's 100% vaccination plans looking to ramp up load factors much more quickly than what we would expect you could probably -- or anyone could probably realize under the conditional sailing order that I realize that's a work in progress. My question is, if that strategy for Norwegian is able to move forward, is there a world in which you could envision moving to something like a hybrid approach where some ships require vaccination and then you can ramp up loads really quickly and then others are more -- available to people that didn't want to have a vaccine, is that something that's on the table for you?
Arnold Donald: I think, again, that's one of probably 1,000 different scenarios. In my comments, I mentioned agilely and constantly changing dynamics and ability to adapt. And so certainly, that's one of a 1,000 different possibilities. Hopefully, we can come up with something that wouldn't require those kinds of dynamics. And more than cost, would be optimistic, we all can working together. But I guess there could be scenarios like that. So I'm hopeful that we'll have something much more straightforward that will accommodate the , and we'll let the appropriate authorities have the available  information we have.
Brandt Montour: Okay. And then I'm surprised we haven't talked about the pricing commentary yet because it was really positive. Arnold, you mentioned further pricing -- looking for further pricing strength. And then, David, you mentioned in the last few weeks pricing trends were positive. I guess the question is -- and you haven't even started marketing yet, so we would assume it would -- potentially that would be another catalyst. But is there any concern or one concern we would have is that if people aren't booking non-balcony cabins or inner cabins right now, is there any benefit from some cabin mix in those numbers?
Arnold Donald: I'll just make a comment first, David, let to speak to the specifics. Generally, as you understand, I'm sure, what you have is a basic kind of supply-demand right now. I mean we have very limited sailings available and a lot of pent-up demand. And so therefore, there's an opportunity to give people a great value. The vacation experience they want still at a much better value than equivalent land-based experience. So still a great value. And so we're seeing that reflected, though, in the general pricing strength. But David, you can go ahead and answer the specific question.
David Bernstein: So keep in mind, the pricing comments that we made, the pricing was up, we were looking at the full year 2022 booking trends. And essentially -- substantially, all our fleet is open for the full year 2022 without the -- so what we see, we looked at it by quarter. We looked at it by brand. We looked at it by category mix. And we see the same general positive pricing trend regardless of how you look at it. So we felt very good about the overall book position. As well as the last couple of weeks, as I had said in my prepared remarks, booking volumes and pricing was very encouraging in the last couple of weeks. And by the way, it wasn't just on the voyages that we opened up for this summer, looking at 2022 as well. Everybody wants to go away. And I will tell you, the next best thing to actually going away is planning a vacation. And that's what a lot of people seem to be doing right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: I'm actually curious to understand a little bit better what the mechanics behind the revenue management processes right now, particularly whether you guys are filling the ships to that 50% mark, leaving some incremental ability closer in, if you can fill more, or whether you're booking above and beyond that for maybe later this year where there may have to be some adjustment or some of those reservations may have to be walked back, if that makes sense?
Arnold Donald: Yes. Well, first, I'll make a few comments and then, David, add whatever you would like. When you think about revenue management, you think about the booking information we're sharing a lot of booking as well out into '22 and some is even in the '23, where we fully expect to have full occupancy and full fleet sailing and so on and so forth by that point in time, and where there's confidence obviously amongst those who want to cruise that is likely they'll be able to at that point in time. So that's a lot of what's driving what you're hearing much more so than the near end shorter-term stuff, which is more limited occupancy. But David, go ahead.
David Bernstein: Yes. The -- I think, Arnold, I think you said it well. The -- first of all, on the revenue management side, Micky and Arnold and I have met with every single revenue management team recently, and we've been talking to them about what they're doing and how they're doing it and sharing best practices to make sure that everybody is thinking very clearly about what is optimal under the circumstances. Because as you would imagine, the models that we have, while they're helpful, they're not the answer in this environment. And we have to layer in our own thought process on top of that. So the people are actively thinking this through very carefully. The limitations on occupancy that you're describing are more of a short-term thing that we are focused on for the voyages we've announced this summer in both the UK, for P&O Cruises, Cunard and Princess as well as what we're seeing with Costa and AIDA and, of course, Seabourn in Greece as well. So we are focused, and we will limit the occupancy as appropriate the way Arnold had described and, of course, try to take advantage of the positive cabin mix in terms of pricing when we do that. And so it's a shorter-term issue. But when we look out to 2022 at this point in time, the percentage that's on the books is much lower. And therefore, as a result of that, the capacity limitations are in a factor. And hopefully, by then, when the full fleet is operating, we're operating at a much higher level of occupancy as well. The vaccine rollout continues around the world, and hopefully, we get to a better place.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then I think you had said demand quarter-over-quarter was up 90%. Is there a way to think about what the sort of organic part of that is and what part of that is attributable to itineraries that were open for 2021?
David Bernstein: Well -- so let me tell you some of the things I looked at to better understand the demand and what flowed through. So I looked at the first quarter bookings just for 2022 because all of those sailings were already open. And for 2022, the bookings in the first quarter were higher than the bookings for 2019, which we all know was a very robust year. And then when I looked at the March bookings for 2022, they -- I said they accelerated because just for 2022 in March, we saw a significant increase in bookings versus what we had seen in 2019. And so this was, to my point, when you do an apples-to-apples comparison just for 2019 -- for 2022 versus 2019, you're seeing some very positive booking momentum. As I said before, people are looking forward to getting away. There's all that pent-up demand, and they're planning the vacations.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Hargreaves with Stifel.
David Hargreaves: Great job on controlling cash burn. With respect to the refinancing efforts that you talked about, I'm just wondering if there are any specific elements of the debt stack that you may be targeting and whether we should be thinking in terms of equity clawbacks? And then I have a follow-up.
Arnold Donald: David?
David Bernstein: Yes. So -- yes. So in general, I mean, you can look at all of the debt that we did early last year in the April, June and July and August timeframe, which was, as Arnold has said, very expensive. And those are the things that we're focused on in terms of refinancing. And we've been very specific that we're looking clearly at refinancing to lower interest rates, and we're not necessarily -- we'll be patient in terms of reducing our debt load and using the extra cash until we have clear line of sight that our fleet is going to be fully back in operation and we feel comfortable. So I'm expecting to focus on refinancing the early expensive debt.
David Hargreaves: Okay. And
Arnold Donald: I'm sorry. Finish your question, then we'll take one more, and that will be it. Go ahead.
David Hargreaves: Thank you. So with respect to the vessels that you've taken on and expect to take on, could you talk about secured borrowing capacity, if there have been changes to that and if you expect a need for any further covenant amendments?
David Bernstein: So the vessels that we're taking on, with each vessel, we have a committed export credit that's associated with those ships. So as we take delivery of the vessels going forward, we'll use those export credits, and they are unsecured financing. And the export credit agencies have been very supportive. We continue to work with them. And so we feel very comfortable with that financing, and it's committed in place. And our bank groups that are associated with that, too, have been very supportive.  As far as covenant amendments, we have worked with all our bank groups, and we got multiyear covenant amendments for our agreements, and we feel good about that. We have -- if you look at the 10-Q, you'll see that with the export credit agencies, I guess, they gave us covenant waivers through either August or November of 2022. They said they were very busy with other customers, and we're now working with them to complete that holiday, too, as well as get the same covenant amendments that we got from our bank group.
Operator: We have a question from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I had a question about -- thanks for the detail on the efficiencies you've been able to generate on the ships. But I'm wondering at the corporate level, if we look at that kind of $2.4 billion from pre-pandemic annually, what do you think structurally you've taken out of that number? And then on marketing, which is obviously a big chunk of that $2.4 billion, have you rethought kind of what the right level of marketing spend might be going forward?
Arnold Donald: Yes. Real quick, we're not going to give any kind of guidance in the cost at that level. But in terms of our historical behavior of becoming more efficient, and certainly with this pause, we've had the opportunity, which you normally don't have, to really take a really hard look at everything because we are so reduced in terms of staff at this point in time. And then look at all of our processes, et cetera, and have time to introduce additional technologies that make us more efficient and what have you. So we do see substantial contributions in terms of cost improvement across the board on the shoreside. With regards to the marketing, that's evolving on its own anyway in terms of what the most powerful delivery mechanism is for positioning and attracting and getting bookings and so on, its just naturally evolving as society becomes increasingly digital and social media-based, et cetera. And our most powerful marketing tool has always been word of mouth because the product itself, the experience itself is so great. That's always been the most powerful marketing, too. Right now, we have pent-up demand. On top of that, all the repeat cruisers have gone almost a full year now without being able to cruise and have a huge pent-up demand there. We have a base of almost -- a database of almost  previous cruise scores that we can access directly and so on. So its -- we'll see how all those dynamics change, whether the absolute spend will be different or it will be reallocated, that's all being worked at. But the short answer is, we're going to come out leaner, and we're going to come out having more impact per dollar spent. There's no question about it. David, I don't know if you want to add any additional color from.
David Bernstein: No. I think that's perfect.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Well, look, I want to thank everyone for being on. Obviously, we feel, as I said, will come out operationally stronger, and we're excited that we're starting to sail again. And we're looking forward to working things through here in the U.S. It's a very important market, obviously, for us, extremely important. And we're looking forward to giving people the opportunity to have a great experience as they do in the rest of the travel and tourism sector. So thank you so much, everyone. Appreciate it.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Business update conference call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Today, I'm joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Yes, I know, I'm certainly not alone when I say I'm glad to put 2020 behind us. Clearly, 2020 was unprecedented. On the other hand, it also proved to be a true testament to the resilience of our company.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. I'll start today with an update on booking trends. Then I'll provide our monthly average cash burn rate, along with a summary of our fourth quarter cash flows and then finish up with some insights into our financial position. Turning to booking trends, at this point in time, our cumulative advanced bookings for the second half of 2021 are within the historical range. Even better, our cumulative advanced bookings for the first half of 2022 are ahead of a very strong 2019, which was at the high end of the historical range. Directionally, comparable pricing on these bookings for the second half of 2021 and the first half of 2022 are down just 1% versus pricing on bookings in the beginning of fiscal year 2019, if you exclude the negative impact of future cruise credits or more commonly known as FCCs. Pricing on bookings in the beginning of fiscal year 2019 is a tough comparison as that was a high watermark for historical yield. However, I must say, to some extent, this is an apples and oranges comparison, given the increase in bundled packages that we have offered and that guests have chosen more recently, making the underlying comparison more favorable than indicated. In the end, we expect to see the benefit of these bundled packages in onboard and other revenue. I would also like to point out that our book position is very encouraging, given it was achieved with minimal advertising and promotional activity. Due to the pause in guest cruise operations in 2020, the Company's future booking trends will be compared to 2019 and not the prior year. It is particularly reassuring to see that approximately 60% of bookings taken during the fourth quarter 2020 for fiscal year 2021 were new bookings, with the remainder being FCC rebooking. I am happy to report that this is a five percentage point improvement over the third quarter booking activity. And it's also promising to see that approximately 45% of the 2021 book position are guests that are new to brand, with the remaining 55% of guests being brand loyalists, which is just a little higher than the norm, a continuation of the positive position we had at the end of the third quarter.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Wieczynski: So David, I want to start with your last comments there about your liquidity position. I guess I'm a little confused because you -- obviously, you have wording in the release about how you expect to enter additional financial transactions, which you just talked about. But Arnold, you also indicated you expect to have all your ships operational by year-end, which I think to some folks, might seem a little aggressive. So I guess the question is around maybe, why would you need to really raise anything additional at this point, if you think you would be fully operational by year-end? And I hope that makes sense.
Arnold Donald: First of all, just the restate, for me, we hope to have all of our ships operational by year-end. Obviously, as I'm hoping what's happened so far in early '21 here is just a hangover from 2020. But we're still navigating as a planet, this whole thing. So hopefully, we have them all operating about in a year. And then I'll let David respond to the rest of your question. Go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: Yes. So Steve, some of the uncertainty relates to the resumption of cruise operations in the various brands around the world. Exactly when and how soon and so we're just trying to keep people aware of the fact that we do have multiple billions of dollars of debt capacity and we can utilize that if and when needed. So we have choices, and we'll monitor the situation very carefully. And some of it also depends on -- just like I said before, on the timing of the restart of the operation, which at this point in time, is a little bit uncertain.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then, I guess, a bigger question would be just around the vaccines themselves. And I assume you guys have put some thought into, are there going to be requirements for whether it's the crew, whether it's passengers, whether it's both, that they would have to be vaccinated before they're allowed to sail?
Arnold Donald: Well, you know, as you can -- as you're very well aware, the whole vaccine things, is at the very beginning here. And so we're monitoring, we're in dialogue with not only CDC, but lots of other equipment organizations around the world for other destinations. And so we'll let it evolve over time, and we'll make the most prudent decision when the time comes. But at this point, distribution remains a bit of an issue. And so, we'll make a determination as things evolve.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Can I ask one real quick housekeeping question for David? David, can you help us maybe just think about what you guys are thinking from an interest perspective for '21?
David Bernstein: So interest expense on the existing debt that we have at the end of 2020 would be about $130 million a month or, call it, $1.6 billion for the year. So depending on liability and management and other things, it could be a little bit plus or minus from that number.
Operator: We have a question from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: I wonder, if you could give us any sense of the timing or kind of the gating issue for your initial test cruises?
Arnold Donald: Robin, that's a work in process. Phase 1, we're in with what's been communicated by the CDC, the additional guidelines for future phases have not yet been issued by CDC. We have weekly calls as often as we need with them. So that remains to be seen. But what I can tell you is that, we're on track to be able to do whatever we need to do in a very timely manner to be able to resume cruise ultimately.
Robin Farley: So, it sounds like you're waiting specifically for the CDC to issue some specific guidance around the test cruise timing?
Arnold Donald: Well, to answer your question about specific timing on test cruise, yes, we would be waiting. But obviously, we're doing a lot of things. We've started to bring ships back into the U.S. We have -- and bringing those ships back are meeting the criteria that is currently put out there to be in a position to then subsequently do test cruises, but to give you a specific timing on the test cruises, we would need additional guidance from CDC.
Robin Farley: Great. And then just one other, and maybe this is -- and maybe this one is for David, how should we think about the expense of a restart? And I guess what I'm asking specifically is you've talked about how even when the ship is in warm lay-up, you have some crew on board, you're running the systems and all of that, so is the actual cost of when that ship goes from being in warm lay-up to operating? And is it just sort of increasing the staffing levels? Or is there some other incremental expense? I mean, obviously, as a ship sails, it will start to burn fuel, you'll start to have to provision for people, but I'm talking about, is there any sort of onetime cost? Or is it just that you staff up and you go from these lower levels to being what a typical expense per passenger cruise day would have been prior?
David Bernstein: Yes. So, I can tell you what our experience has been with Costa and AIDA. Because with Costa and AIDA, the capital expenditure was de minimis, the crew, they brought the crew back, which is an expense, plane flights and testing and other protocols. You've got to spend some money for food and other inventory for the ship. But while this will be a cash outflow, as you would expect, during this period, if you're ramping up the ships, you also have a cash inflow from the customer deposits because you're getting final payments in association with those voyages. So -- and I think I have said before that the ongoing expenses that we experienced relating to protocols in Europe was a few hundred thousand euros per month per ship. For the U.S., for the CDC, as Arnold indicated before, we're still waiting for a lot of the technical guidance that was not included in their original conditional sail order. And so it's very difficult to estimate, if there'll be anything different for the U.S. at the time we restart operations.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
James Hardiman: David, you gave us the interest expense. Could you just help us out maybe with the share count where it stands today and what you expect it to be once you're making money again on a diluted basis?
David Bernstein: Yes. So today, the outstanding share count at the end of 2020 was 1.087 billion shares. And the only other thing that I'll add is with the conversion of the remaining converts, it would total 1.14 billion.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then as we think about a presidential transition here in the next couple of weeks, maybe how you're thinking about potential risks or maybe opportunities? Do you think that changes the conversation with the CDC at all? And obviously, what was a nice benefit for you guys during the Obama administration was the availability of Cuba. Have you had any conversations on that front? It seems like it could be -- maybe an opportunity going forward.
Arnold Donald: I think, first of all, thanks for your question, and happy New Year. I think, first of all, look, we all stand together in trying to mitigate the spread of this virus. And whatever administration is in place, obviously, we're going to be totally in compliance, but we just want to be an ongoing part of the solution regardless. So in terms of incremental risks associated with one administration versus another, not thinking that way at all, either way, we have to do the right thing to serve the best interest of public health, and I think the size ultimately will guide us all to there. With regards to other matters, obviously, Cuba was a focal point for the Obama administration opening up Cuba, et cetera. We'll see what happens with the incoming administration. We obviously will be well prepared. We were very actively with the first ones to sail to Cuba. And we'll be well prepared to be able to operate in whatever the guidelines and rules and regulations are, but we'll be prepared to, again, help people who really want to go to Cuba, see it the best way we feel, which is arriving the cruise and then experiencing what Cuba has to offer when it opens.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then maybe lastly for me. The different brands that you employ, as we think about sort of a post-vaccine environment, are you seeing major differences in terms of demand for those different brands? Obviously, depending on the country and their state in terms of the virus itself, that's going to change demand. But maybe just more broadly, are there some brands that are better positioned than others as we look to second half of '21 and into '22?
Arnold Donald: Yes. As I stated in my opening remarks and obviously, overall demand has been very robust, and we find that very affirming for our business. We do not see major differences across brands. Obviously, one would be Costa Asia, where the booking is much closer in than any of our other brands, but absent that, there's no big dramatic differences across the brands in terms of booking patterns or trends. And there's a lot of pent-up demand for cruise, which is evidenced by the booking patterns. And so -- and we're going to have smaller fleets. First of all, we're going to reintroduce, on a staggered basis. The fact we have national brands, as we pointed out before, plays well for us in that regard. And the fact that we have a number of brands that are drive-to markets, easier to get to, so on and so forth is another benefit, and that's around the world. And so, given that, we don't see dramatic differences across the brands and we see genuine strength and what should be a robust opportunity once cruise resumes.
Operator: Our next question is from Brandt Montour with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brandt Montour: Just curious on bookings, hopefully, you could maybe flesh out some of the cadence in bookings qualitatively, sort of interested in knowing how bookings pace is faring now versus pre-vaccine? And if that's a meaningful different pace and sort of when did you might see that inflect?
Arnold Donald: Bookings were robust pre-vaccine and have been post-vaccine, so we haven't seen any dramatic shift in that. Again, we haven't experienced a demand challenge for cruise, all the reasons we pointed out, including the large base of previous cruise scores, repeat cruises, et cetera, where the demand is really getting pent-up because they've been many months without being able to satisfy their craving for a cruise experience. But I'll let David comment more granularly on some of the booking trends statement.
David Bernstein: Yes. No. That's correct what you said, Arnold. And the thing that I would add to that is, we've seen good demand in all of the various cruise markets whether it be the Caribbean itineraries, Europe itineraries. We're seeing good demand for Australia, for world cruises, et cetera. So, it's broad-based and across, as Arnold said, all the brands.
Brandt Montour: That's helpful. And then one more for me is, on the CDC I was hoping that you could help us understand the relationship between maybe potentially as we move to the summer season and ships tend to sail more abroad, is it at all likely that you might look to get fewer ships outfitted and certified under the CDC guidelines, since there's not a whole lot of point to get certified for one month in the spring and then go sail elsewhere where there's not going to be the same restrictions?
Arnold Donald: We want the freedom to operate, period. And so, we'll be focused on, again, being in compliance with whatever CDC regulates. Obviously, we give our inputs and offer up other like science, medical experts, their inputs and whatnot. But the CDC will make their determinations and we want the freedom to operate. Now having said that, as we mentioned earlier, the fact that we are global, that a large number of our sailings normally are outside the U.S. and so on. This gives us additional degrees of freedom, but we also have to secure the freedom to operate in other places. Now we've been doing a really good job so far in Europe with the limited startups of Costa and AIDA. But you're right, as you look around the world in different targeted markets, but obviously, the summer is also an active time for U.S. sailings with holidays and vacations. Of course, all of that feels a little different now. But nonetheless, it is an active period. So, we're well positioned, we're differentiated. We have nine well in cruise line brands, we have national brands. As things open up in staggered ways around the world, we can take full advantage of that. But we like to have the freedom to operate everywhere.
David Bernstein: And I'll just add that, if you look at the CDC website, you'll see that we brought 30 ships back into U.S. waters, one more is expected to come back, it's in transit, Carnival Mardi Gras. And those are the ships that we expect to sail in U.S. waters through the balance of the conditional sail order that the CDC issued this year and the remainder of the ships would sail outside U.S. waters.
Operator: And our next question is from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Assia Georgieva: A couple of quick questions. Is there an inclination or ability to possibly restart some of the ships that are currently scheduled to start, let's say, May and June as opposed to at the end of March? How easy is that? Or is that something that is not going to change?
Arnold Donald: Yes, if it made sense. And first of all, we're always going to act in the best interest of public health, that's number one. Number two is, if we have the freedom to operate sooner and there were itineraries that made sense, we would not rule out here in January, introducing customized itineraries prior to those periods for brands, if it made sense and we were able to do so. So yes, there is the possibility, even with brands that have announced a pause through a certain period of time, that if the opportunities presented itself and it made sense, especially if this is now January here, how many -- absolutely, we could introduce some customized itineraries is something to reintroduce if it made sense.
Assia Georgieva: And Arnold, you mentioned shorter cruises, which, of course, make more sense. But it's not the old -- the longer voyages over seven nights for the higher end brands. Again, do you think the CDC might be open to reconsidering their position and possibly allow longer voyages before November?
Arnold Donald: We'll have to see what evolves. And again, with the advent of the vaccines, with the acceleration of low-cost, more rapid testing, with advancements in treatments and so on, I think all of this is potentially in flux. That would definitely be the CDC's call to make. And -- but again, things change all the time, and we have to see. So I wouldn't say it's impossible. I think again, everyone wants to act in the best interest based on science. And if the science and conditions made it possible, then they may change their position. And then there's other places in the world and whatnot, and they have their rules and regulations. And so there will definitely be opportunity in some places in the world to have longer cruise itineraries for certain and possibly here in the U.S. prior to that date, we'll have to see.
Assia Georgieva: And lastly, given your very active communications with the CDC, do you have any sort of an expected time line as to when you might be receiving further technical orders and guidance? Or are you just waiting in the day they come out, and that's when all that we'll find out?
Arnold Donald: I think, I learned a long time ago in different businesses, never try to predict regulatory anything because by its nature, it's not that predictable. So we provide the information, we're in active dialogue. They'll make their determinations and the time frame that, obviously, they feel comfortable doing so, and we'll respond to that. So we don't have a day definite for future guideline release from them, but we'll be prepared to act on whatever comes, whenever it comes.
Assia Georgieva: I think all of us will be waiting for further guidance as soon as it's available.
Arnold Donald: And then the last comment would be this, that, obviously, we're in this business for the long term. And while we all want to resume cruising as soon as possible because cash generation and cash maximization is clearly, the order of the day for us as a business at this point. The reality is we want to do it in the right way and make certain that we're well prepared to be in compliance, whatever the rules and the regulations are. But whether we start sailing in April or March or June or whenever, the real value in this business, obviously, makes sense for many years and eventually, will all be back to the great days of growth in our industry and growth in earnings, growth in cash generation, et cetera. And when you look at it over time, a matter of a month here or a month there, a couple of months here or there, are not determining the future value of the industry or our company.
Assia Georgieva: I agree, but I've been following the pricing for all voyages for close to two decades now and kind of itching to start getting actual moving ships as opposed to just the forward pricing. Yes. Okay. Good luck. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Patrick Scholes with Truist. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick Scholes: Correct me if I'm wrong here, but I believe there was an industry meeting early last week with the CDC. And if that is correct, I'm wondering if you can share any details from that meeting.
Arnold Donald: No, we wouldn't share any details. There are multiple meetings with the CDC at different levels. There's technical levels. There's medical levels. There's all kinds of things. And so at this point, what I can tell you is that we're in constant communication, as are the other cruise lines. And also, our industry association, CLIA, is also having dialogue as appropriate. And everybody is working together focused on resumption of cruise in a way that fits with overall what CDC is determining is best for our society.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Fair enough. And then a second question on the 19 ships that are leaving or have left -- some of them have left your fleet, can you give us a ballpark idea of what the net cash income and cash flow from those are?
Arnold Donald: I'll give you that, David?
David Bernstein: Yes, you're talking about the sale price?
Arnold Donald: The 19 ships we plan to exit.
David Bernstein: Yes, so.
Arnold Donald: Go ahead.
David Bernstein: On the cash flow, that was only 3%. We had indicated before, it was 3% of operating income in 2019.
Patrick Scholes: I'm talking about -- I'm sorry, the proceeds the proceeds from
David Bernstein: The proceeds.
Arnold Donald: Oh, the proceeds. We wouldn't share that.
David Bernstein: Yes. So, we don't disclose the sales price of any ship, as you would imagine, that would put us in a disadvantage in future negotiations. But I will say that prior to COVID-19 in many cases, we were selling ships for $50 million, $60 million, $70 million a piece. But obviously, in these cases, we were selling ships for somewhat less than the historical standard, post-COVID-19. So it wasn't -- it was de minimis in the grand scheme of a company of our size.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Great. That gives me some rough ballpark idea. Thank you very much.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Ben Chaiken with Crdit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Chaiken: So, you talked about lower cruise costs from ships leaving the fleet. And then I think incremental to that insinuated, I believe, some lower cost as a result of more efficient shore side. Can you touch on what those improvements are? And then maybe any way to think about sizing that opportunity? And then just one more from there.
Arnold Donald: Yes. As I mentioned, with the ships exiting the fleet, there were less efficient ships we accelerated the exits, given the fact that there was no opportunity for them to generate cash in the near-term given the pause we're in. And so the -- it gives us a 2% reduction in kind of base cost based on those ships exiting. And then a 1% fuel advantage as well. So that's on the ship side. On shore side of stuff, basically, with this pause, obviously, we furloughed and had to make a number of changes from a cash conservation standpoint to get our burn rate down. And it's also given us opportunity to examine, and we continue to do so, all of our operations, shore side to see where we can be more efficient, where we can be more effective. And that's in every aspect of the business. So when you say, give you a few examples, it would be the normal things you would think about. Right now, we're not advertising and all that, but you're looking at your marketing department, you see how you're structured also what you're spending money on and what have you. And we were on a path of continuous improvement before. We've been very successful through our sourcing efforts, but beyond that, even our operating procedures and stuff, where we were doing a pretty good job of getting unnecessary cost out of the system. And so we continue to do that. And with this pause, we've been able to take a hard look at every aspect of the business and continue to do that and have found additional opportunities for improved efficiency.
Ben Chaiken: Got you. That's helpful. And then I think, David, in your pricing commentary, you mentioned that -- I don't know if I caught this right, but the forward pricing includes bundles, presumably, I guess, implication on listing pricing there. So I think you mentioned it was not apples-to-apples. So is it possible to get an apples-to-apples pricing for what you're seeing on your forward books versus the '19 comparison, I think?
David Bernstein: So the -- when we do the bundle, what we do is we allocate a portion of the bundled product to the onboard and other revenue. So the price that we're using in the comparison is only a portion of the total price that was paid by the guests overall. So, it's as close to apples and apples as we can get it. But the problem that you get into is because of the allocation, we're going to see the benefit in onboard and other revenue. So that's why I said that the comparison was probably more favorable than indicated where I said we were down 1%, excluding the future cruise credits. That's about as close as I can get it because we've allocated out the onboard and other. But you would expect to see a big increase in onboard and others result of the pre-purchase. So hopefully, that clarifies it for you.
Operator: We have a question from Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jaime Katz: I was wondering, if there were any interesting insights or takeaways from the 45% new-to-brand bookers that you guys are seeing? Are they skewing younger? Are they maybe longer lifetime customers then? Or if there's anything different than some of the new-to-cruise in the past?
David Bernstein: So it's been...
Arnold Donald: No, we have not seen any like dramatic trend difference in new bookers or new cruisers than we have in the past. But David, it's like you wanted to make a comment. Go ahead.
David Bernstein: Yes. No, I was just going to add that overall, whether it be the 45% or the 55%, which are brand loyalists, which, by the way, just a little -- just slightly more than the norm, we really haven't seen any significant change in the overall demographics of the people booking cruises. We're seeing people in their 20s and 30s as well as people in their 50s, 60s, 70s and 80s. And anecdotally, I was talking to a couple of the brands asking them about various voyages and things. And they were telling me that some of the longer voyages in early 2022, they were seeing quite a few people, 70 and up, booking those voyages. And we were just speculating that maybe those were retired people that didn't have to worry about a work schedule so they could plan considerably further ahead than most people. So, we're not seeing any significant changes or trends in demographics around the globe, seeing all ages booking in all products and all brands.
Jaime Katz: Excellent. And then just a quick housekeeping follow-up. For depreciation for 2021, I know a lot of the ships that have come out of the fleet are probably largely depreciated, but can you give us an idea of like what the delta year-over-year might be in that figure?
David Bernstein: So 2021, we're looking at roughly $2.2 billion, which is similar to what we saw in 2020. But it is a preliminary number. The difficulty in that is trying to estimate our CapEx for 2021. We obviously haven't made all of our decisions for 2021 yet. Some of it depends on the timing of the restart. So that is a preliminary number. But at this point, that's a good ballpark-ish figure.
Operator: And we have a question from Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vince Ciepiel: I wanted to come back to the FCCs. I think as of the last call, roughly two-thirds were still outstanding. So curious, is that kind of roughly held? And what you think it's going to take for more of those to start to convert? And then the next part of that is, I think you previously alluded to a mid-single-digit type of negative impact from the FCCs coming in on the pricing side. And curious if that impact kind of has held and should continue to hold as more of those convert?
David Bernstein: So the last time, when I was talking about the mid-single digits, I was talking about the back half of 2021. When you start looking at the time period that we're talking about, the back half of '21 and the front half of '22, you're still in the same ballpark in terms of including the FCCs in terms of the pricing. And as far as the FCCs, probably, it's about 45% of our customer deposits at this point are still unapplied FCCs. So, we still have quite a few FCCs that have yet to rebook. But that's not really very surprising. A lot of times you get families that are booking, multiple families with kids. And you've got to coordinate vacations with supervisors at work and time frames. So we would expect these FCCs to turn into bookings over the next 6 or 12 months as people plan their vacation opportunities.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. That's really helpful. And maybe I wanted to think a little bit about the longer-term margin opportunity. You've talked about sales of less efficient ships, probably taking out some overhead, the arrival of newer, more efficient ships, just curious what type of EBITDA margin opportunity do you think is ahead of you as revenue more fully recovers probably in '22, '23?
David Bernstein: Yes. I'd be reluctant at this point to kind of give you that margin opportunity that would be providing guidance, and we're not in a position yet. I think by Arnold's comments, indicating the efficiencies that we expect is alluding to an improvement, but give us some time to resume guest cruise operations, get back in service, and we'll be in a much better position later this year, perhaps to give you more guidance and details into that. But at this point, all of the cost metrics would lead you to a better margin opportunity in the future.
Arnold Donald: Great. Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: We have a question from Stuart Gordon with Berenberg. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stuart Gordon: Yes. I was wondering if you could give us an approximate net debt number at the end of 2020, and ideally calendar because I think there was some export credit facilities drawn down in December, but if not, on the fiscal side.
David Bernstein: So debt at the end of 2020, November 30, 2020, which will balance sheet date, will be $27 billion. And you're correct. We did -- shortly thereafter, we took delivery of two additional ships and drew on the export credits associated with them. That was probably an additional call it, $1.5 billion, if I remember correctly, in December on the Carnival Mardi Gras and Costa Firenze.
Stuart Gordon: Okay. And just to follow up. I mean, you've obviously given us some visibility on the delivery schedule in 2021. Have you given any thoughts on whether you could cancel any future ship deliveries? And also, what would be your anticipated fleet size in 2022 versus 2019, given the changes with the ships leaving?
David Bernstein: Okay. So in terms of the ship deliveries, I mean, we've said this many times before. I mean we did renegotiate delivery dates, as Arnold indicated, and we got a delay in all of the ship deliveries. But there are no cancellation clauses in our new building contracts. So as a result of that, I wouldn't expect any cancellation of any of the new builds on order. We started the year with 14 on order. We took delivery of 2. So, we have 12 more in the ensuing years. And as far as capacity is concerned, if you look at the end of 2022, you'll see that -- and we try to do this in ALBDs, our capacity at the end of 2022 would be about 5.6 percentage points higher than 2019. So you're really just talking about less than 2% per year capacity growth from '19 to '22, because of the new builds that came in. But remember, the acceleration of the 19 ships that left the fleet. So it nets out to less than 2% a year. And with that...
Arnold Donald: Yes, thank you, everyone. We really appreciate your interest, happy New Year. Be safe. Be responsible, I'm sure you all are. And together, we look forward to what hopefully, will be a very nice 2021 leading to many future years of success. So, thank you. Thank you so much.
Operator: That concludes the call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-14 10:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Business Update Conference Call. Im Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Today, Im joined telephonically by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. It is hard to believe that it has been just 120 days since we voluntarily paused operations across our global fleet. In that relatively short time, weve returned over 260,000 guests home. Weve already repatriated 77,000 crew members, and well repatriate over 80,000 in total, hopefully before the month is over. We process billions of dollars, euros and sterling of guest refunds and billions of future cruise credits and those currencies as well. We moved 53 ships in the full pass status, and with the remainder expected to be in a similar position within the next month. Weve reached agreements for the disposition of nine vessels, while negotiating the delay in delivery of 16 ships on order. We secured over $10 billion in new capital, while working to extend debt maturity and secure covenant waivers with over 20 lenders and over 40 different agreements. Weve engaged with medical experts and scientists around the world to inform our development of return to cruise protocol, and we are now preparing for the imminent return of cruising in Germany. So weve come full circle from entering a voluntary pause of planning of staggered resumption. Now I couldnt be more proud of how collectively our team has handled this. We looked at our guests, we looked after each other and the more than 700 places we go each year. Weve honored what we stand for as a company, and we are well positioned for our existing shareholders to still experience attractive returns over time. We will emerge a leaner, more efficient company. So thanks  thanks to our crew for continuing to exceed guest expectations through challenging circumstances, while taking care of each other, taking care of our ships and protecting the environment. Thanks to our shoreside team members for working 24/7 to repatriate first our guests, then our crew, all while handling incredible unprecedented huge volumes of calls and inquiries from guests, ports, vendors, travel professionals and other partners, and while coordinating with the myriad of government authorities and agencies globally, all in the context of a constantly changing and evolving situation. Thanks to our travel partners for their support and thanks to our guests for the countless number of heartfelt outreaches, expressing support and concern to our crew, our shoreside personnel and the brands they love. Thanks to those investors who have expressed their confidence by staying with us, and thanks to those who have expressed their confidence by becoming new investors. Look, these are truly unprecedented times for our industry. They are clearly trying times for all of travel and tourism and they are extremely challenging times for the world at large. I extend my personal deepest sympathy to those around the globe who have suffered directly themselves individually or whose loved ones have suffered with the buyers. For our company, it has been not only challenging, but frankly, at times, it has been painful. We are aware that so many people depend on us for their livelihood and well-being, not only our own employees, but those and many other businesses around the world, both small and large. And weve been on a journey since COVID began to manifest, a journey weve aggressively managed throughout. Our highest responsibility, and therefore, our top priorities are always compliance, environmental protection and the health, safety and well-being of our guests, the communities we touch and our Carnival family, our team members shipboard and shoreside. We initiated a voluntary pause in operations in the early days of this global pandemic, including being the first, the half sailings here in the U.S., and action that was taken before shelter in place was implemented in the U.S. and before the CDC no-sail order was issued. Wed recently extended our pause in the U.S. through late September, which, of course, is well beyond the timeframe of the current CDC no-sail order expiring July 24. Again, our team worked tirelessly to return over 260,000 guests safely home and then they focused on repatriating our more than 80,000 shipboard team members to their homes in over 130 different countries. This was a daunting task, given the limited availability of air, the real barrier of closed borders and a fluid constantly changing context that may planning and even execution extremely challenging. In the end, we got the job done through chartering planes and in many cases, using our own vessels to transport our teams safely home. So far, we sailed 50 ships, thats nearly half our fleet and over 400,000 nautical miles in this repatriation process. We also quickly focused on securing sufficient capital to provide a financial runway to withstand an extended pause. That effort included cash preservation, motivating our guests around deposit retention and the wind down of our fleet. Now David and our finance team with support from our legal team work nonstop to secure funding to sustain our path forward in a prolonged pause. We were able to access the capital markets in the early days and in a meaningful way initially raising $6.6 billion of capital. And doing so at a time when the capital markets were still close to many. And while it was certainly financially painful for a company that it always manage to an investment-grade credit rating, bearing the cost of the initial raise was prudent to ensure our long-term viability. Now because of our strong balance sheet, we were able to raise the majority of that $6.6 billion of capital, along with an additional $2.8 billion on a secured basis, minimizing dilution. Historically, as you know, weve managed a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit rating. In the current environment, our national brands have been an additional advantage, supplementing our access to liquidity across a number of countries at attractive rates. Our success in maintaining a strong balance sheet and the strength of the national brands has been a differentiator, providing a softer landing for our company and our shareholders. In fact, our overall blended interest rate is just 5%, despite the recent expansion of debt, and we still retain meaningful flexibility going forward to manage further uncertainty. Importantly, we have capacity to issue additional debt. Beyond that, we are also evaluating the potential to monetize non-core assets to provide additional liquidity or potentially reduce our debt burden over time. We are confident that we are prepared for a wide range of scenarios for the next 12 months. Additional cash conservation efforts, combined with future liquidity measures, will enable us to sustain ourselves beyond 12 months into late next year, even in a zero-revenue scenario. Concerning cash conservation, our workforce reductions while painful were necessary to make it through to the other side of the impact of this global pandemic. In the face of no meaningful revenue, we were able to forestall the financial impact on our employees, deferring employee actions beyond the timeframe of many others during that period without compromising the interest of our shareholders, honoring our fiscal responsibilities. We also, of course, significantly reduced nonessential capital expenditures in excess of $2 billion and significantly reduced marketing costs as well. And while we continue to expect new ships to provide greater cash generation and higher returns over time once we return to sailing, we have also worked to differ newbuild CapEx given the near-term environment. In fact, we expect to reduce ship deliveries through the end of fiscal 2021 from nine as originally planned down to five, two this fiscal year and three next, deferring over $3 billion of capital expenditures into fiscal 2022 and beyond. So reduced our cash burn and to have a more efficient fleet once we do resumed cruising, we have aggressively shared less efficient ships. A total of 13 ships are expected to leave the fleet, representing a nearly 9% reduction in our current capacity. We are also reorganizing the company to emerge stronger, leaner and more efficient. Even when we return to full-scale operations, we dont expect to return to the same staffing requirements, as we are addressing our work streams to work in a more efficient manner. At the same time, we are focused on developing new and enhanced protocols. Now weve dealt with many types of viruses in the past. Historically, weve had effective protocols in place onboard our ships, including screening measures, medical centers and sanitation procedures, which prevent and reduce the spread once brought onboard from land. During this pandemic, we had less than our market share of incidents, again, we had less than our market share of incidents. However, as this often the case being the largest in the industry, we had a disproportionate amount of video attention. Now having said that, as evidenced by the global shutdown, this virus is unique and the world is discovering together how to most effectively address this. Were working diligently to determine what enhancements to our existing protocols will best serve the interests of public health. Now our protocols are being informed by global earnings. And to that end, we are engaged with external advisors, which include world-renowned epidemiologists and other medical experts and scientists utilizing their collective inputs. Once people are gathering, again, which just a clearly happening on a country-by-country basis, society will determine the risk it is willing to accept going forward. And were working, so that our guests will not incur any greater risk versus engaging in similar experiences on land. And, of course, were working to achieve less risk and exposure to similar shoreside activities as we have often achieved in the past with prior health risks, such as, for example, norovirus. But to be clear, we will sail when we feel we will honor our commitment to operate in the best interest of public health. In that regard, were in active discussions around the world with appropriate authorities and agencies. In addition to Germany, Italy seems to be closest to resuming cruises at this time. And were in very active dialog with them, as well as others since there are any procedures based on the best available science to specifically address the risks associated with COVID-19. Upon resuming service, we are well-positioned to optimize the latent pent-up demand by our leading brands around the world. Having national brands as a portion of our portfolio at this moment, as Ive already mentioned, is clearly an asset. As nations reintroduce social gathering, including cruise, they are most likely initially to restrict reactivation to their own residents exclusively. With brands like AIDA, that is roughly 95% German source; P&O UK, which is 98% British source; Costa Europe, which is nearly 80% continental European source; P&O Australia, which is more than in the 99% Australian and New Zealand source; and Carnival Cruise Line, which is 92% U.S. source, we are very well-positioned. Additionally, the fact that these brands are characterized by ready access would drive to markets any prevalence of shorter duration cruises strengthened the possibility for success in todays environment. Clearly, cruise will not come back all at once. As we are demonstrating with AIDA, we intend to resume operations with a small percentage of the fleet, which inherently will make us less reliant on new to cruise in the early days. Now with nearly two-thirds of our guests globally, thats almost 8 million guests, each year repeat cruises, an active database of nearly 40 million and frequency to repeat among cruises every two-plus years on average, we expect demand to be more than adequate to fill shifts in a staggered restart. Again, we expect demand to be more than adequate the field ships in a staggered restart. Our overriding financial objective going forward is to maximize cash generation. At the same time, were focused on staggering the reintroduction of capacity, which will help to manage yields. Now this is even more relevant since historically, weve had only two levers to pull in the down cycle: occupancy and rate. In this environment, we will have a third capacity. Capacity will be the third real-time demand lever we can leverage to produce the best short and long-term outcomes. Our long-term prospects are especially bright, given weve moderated our overall capacity. We shared less efficient vessels and lowered our overall cost base. Weve reduced near-term capacity, and going forward, well introduce newer, far more efficient vessels over time in line with demand generation. Based on the actions weve taken to date, our fleet will not return to 2020 second quarter capacity levels until 2022, at the earliest, and well be inherently more efficient with a roughly 10% larger average bird size and reduced average age. In summary, we have appropriately brought down our operating costs by over $7 billion on an annualized basis and weve reduced capital expenditures by more than $5 billion over the next 18 months. Weve transitioned the fleet into a prolonged pause and we rightsized our shoreside operations and well continue to do so. We are aggressively shedding assets, while actively deferring new ship deliveries. We have secured over $10 billion of additional liquidity to withstand another full-year in a zero-revenue scenario. We are working aggressively on protocols, with Germany set to resume cruising. We will emerge a leaner, more efficient company to optimize cash generation, pay down debt and position us to return to a strong investment-grade credit rating over time. Were working hard to resume guest operations and we are working hard to ensure when we do resume guest operations, we do so in a way that serves the best interest of public health. In time, we expect to continue to deliver extraordinary vacation experiences to our guests and over time, strong returns to our shareholders. With that, Ill turn the call over to David. David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. As Arnold said, it is hard to believe it has been just 120 days since we pause our guest cruise operations across the globe. We quickly recognized the situation and took swift action to protect our company and all of its stakeholders. Our financial action plan has had two main tasks cash preservation by reducing our monthly cash burn rate and improving our overall liquidity position. Ill start today with an update on our full-year 2021 booking trends, then Ill provide a summary of our reduced monthly average cash burn rate for the second-half of 2020, and finish up with some insights into our improved liquidity position. Turning to our 2021 booking trends. At this point in time, our cumulative advance bookings for the full-year 2021 remain within historical ranges at prices that are down in the low to mid single-digit range, including the negative yield impact of the FCCs and onboard credits applied. Our book position is encouraging, given that we have essentially suspended all advertising and promotional activity. It is particularly reassuring to see that approximately 45% of the 2021 book positions, our guests that are new to brand with the remaining 55% of guests being brand loyalists, which is just a little higher than the norm. And its also promising to see that 55% of the 2021 booking volumes during the last two months were new bookings, with the remainder being FCCs rebookings. Now lets look at our monthly average cash burn rate. During the pause in our guests operations, our monthly average cash burn rate for the second-half of 2020 is estimated to be $650 million per month. If the pause in guest operations were to continue into 2021, we believe that there are opportunities to further lower the monthly rate. Our monthly cash burn rate includes four items. First, $250 million per month of ongoing ship operating and administrative expenses. This monthly estimate is much lower than the second quarter actuals, which included returning guests to their homes and a significant portion of the cost of shipboard team member repatriation. In addition, the second-half monthly estimates benefits from the fact that we expect substantially all of our ships to reach their full pause status during the third quarter. Furthermore, the second-half will be lower than the second quarter because of the combination of layoffs, furloughs, reduced work weeks and salary reductions generally implemented late in the second quarter or early in the third quarter across the company. Finally, the monthly estimate will be further reduced, as additional ships leave our fleet. Second, interest expense is expected to be approximately $85 million per month. Third, capital expenditures are forecasted to be approximately $115 million per month, net of export credit financings. And this includes an expectation of two ship deliveries and the receipt of other capital commitments contracted for prior to the pause in our guest operations. The fourth and final component is an unusually high item due to the timing of guest refund payments flowing through accounts payable. It is expected to be approximately $200 million per month. In fact, the increase in accounts payable has already completely reversed itself in the month of June. At this point, I would like to apologize to those guests who had to wait for their refund. We had to address several hurdles to normal business operation, which included an unprecedented number of guests impacted by canceled voyages, a ship to work at home for call center employees, a need to reprogram systems to handle the volume, and a need to develop new procedures to ensure accurate processing for our guests. We have worked very hard at all of our brands around the globe to expedite our refund processing, and with limited exceptions we are back to pre-COVID service level. Now Ill provide some insights on our overall liquidity position. Our available liquidity at the end of the second quarter was $7.6 billion, which includes $6.9 billion of cash and $700 million from the government commercial paper program we qualified for in the UK. We added to that liquidity position by completing the offering of a first priority senior secured term loan on June 30, with net proceeds of approximately $2.6 billion. Looking ahead, our European brands will continue to work on government-backed financing in both Germany and Italy that we hope to complete over the coming months. Looking beyond that, we will continue to work on extending 2021 maturities. In addition, over time, we will opportunistically look to further enhance our liquidity position. In recent weeks, our liquidity focus has begun to change. Back in March and April, our thought process was to obtain enough liquidity to sustain the company during the pause in our guest operations and get to the other side. Now that AIDA has announced the resumption of guest cruise operations, we are looking at a variety of financial models, where we resume guest operations in a phased manner with specific brands and ships returning to service over time to provide our guests with enjoyable vacation experiences and our company with positive cash flow and additional liquidity. So with plenty of available liquidity in hand to withstand the impact of no sailings or no revenues well into 2021, our focus has now shifted to projecting the additional liquidity that the resumption of our guest operations will provide. And now, Ill turn the call back over to Arnold. Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line now for questions. Operator: Thank you.  One moment please for the first question. Our first question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed. Steven Wieczynski: Yes. Hey, guys, good morning. So, I guess a bigger picture question here. I guess, if we look at a couple of years down the road, whenever the business gets back to a so-called normal operating level, how do you think about the free cash flow potential of the business moving forward, given the ongoing CapEx needs plus a much higher debt levels you guys will be carrying moving forward? And can you help us think about the excess free cash flow potential of the business, and what it looks like down the road, and maybe the path to get back to investment grade? Arnold Donald: Good morning, Steve, and thanks for your question. What Im going to do is kind of play quarterback as were all in different locations, even though were all on the phone together. And Ill just refer the questions as they come up. So David, you might want to go ahead and address the cash flow. David Bernstein: Sure. Good morning, Steve. So, Steve, our business has tremendous cash flow generation potential as you know. I mean, in 2019, we generated $5.5 billion of cash flow. And one of the things that Arnold mentioned was the fact that we were  had some ship deliveries delayed. And so over time, when you start looking at the next few years, our ship deliveries have been evened out here docked  we docked two this year, three next year, three the year after. And so, with two to three ships delivery per year, and by the way, Im  when Im doing this, Im thinking about the fact that there are a couple of ships delivered in the last few weeks of the year, and Im sort of counting in next years delivery. So with two to three ships a year over time and significant cash flow generation, we do  we should have excess cash flow that can go to pay down the debt. And it may take a number of years. But, as Arnold said, our target is to get back to investment-grade credit rating. Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Gotcha. And then second question would be around the booking patterns for next year. And I dont know if you can do this, but maybe if you could break those bookings down a little bit. And I guess, what Im trying to get here is, our people booking across all brands. Any insight there, I think, could be pretty helpful? And, obviously, some of your brands encountered significant negative press earlier in the year, just, for example, like Princess. Im just trying to figure out, if a brand like that is getting  is booked as well as the rest of your fleet and hopefully, that makes sense? Arnold Donald: Well, Ill start and then Ill let David give more detail on the booking. But first of all, were very encouraged by the booking patterns we see right now. I mean, very encouraged. We have not only, obviously, a number of future cruise credits, where people had their itineraries canceled, but they chose sort of a cash refund book with us again. But we have substantial new bookings and we even have new to cruise bookings, which given the current state of the environment in the world is really a good testament to how strong a vacation experience and value cruising really is. And then even with AIDA, we had one day so far as we prepare for an August resumption. And the bookings in that one day, we are over 1,000 bookings taken up a significant portion of the first sailing on a very short notice period. So there is a lot of pent-up demand. You referenced Princess, and particularly, Princess, actually at this point in time is trending with all the other brands in the industry and not disproportionately. So in terms of consumer preference attitude, and none of the brands in the industry have reached the trough that was reached back in 2012, 2013 when there was a plethora of incidents that made the media with the industry number, which were related to voyages and some of our brands. And so none of the brands in the industry, none of ours or others have gone to the low levels that we experienced at that time. So, the trough in this period has been higher than the trough in that period. So theres a lot of pent-up demand, a lot of latent demand. That doesnt mean that we dont have work to do. Once we start cruising with much larger volumes of capacity to attract new to cruise, of course, were going to have work to do. But right now, the brands are strong. The bookings are encouraging. And with the staggered start were going to have to resumption of cruising, there should be plenty of pent-up latent demand with previous cruise scores to fill the ships. But, David, you might want to add a little additional color. David Bernstein: Yes. The only additional color, when looking across the brands, which you were trying to get, the only things that I would comment on is that, probably AIDA and Costa Europe are probably a little bit ahead of some of the other brands on a relative basis. But thats probably has a lot to do with the current situation in Europe and the potential resumption of cruising, I mean, weve already announced it in Germany. And as Arnold had mentioned, we are close in Italy. The only other brand Ill call out is maybe Costa Asia. And thats because of the last minute booking trends, its a very close short in booking cycle in China. That typically is in the last few weeks. So they  once we resume cruising in China, Im sure well see those bookings, but Europe is ahead and China is probably a little bit behind. Everybody else is in a similar book position. Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Thats great color. I appreciate it. Best of luck. Arnold Donald: Thank you. Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed. Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. You commented that 21 bookings are in line with historical percentages and you used the phrase of capacity thats available for sale. So I just wanted to clarify, is that everything except those ships that are going to be sold? Or is there  are you holding back capacity for sale? So just trying to think about that percent booked for next year? Arnold Donald: Yes. Go ahead, David. David Bernstein: Yes. So it wasnt the exception of the ships being sold, because those, in most cases, havent been announced yet except for two. And so that will occur very shortly. But the currently available for sale just referred to a few cruises that we had because of itinerary changes, Ill give you a great example. The Majestic Princess, given its itinerary change, it wasnt currently available for sale in the system. And you probably saw the recent announcement where Majestic Princess would be going to Alaska. So theres a few nuances. So, of course, the lawyers had us put that in to make sure everybody completely understood, but its really just a nuance. Robin Farley: So youre talking about 90-plus ships are included in that whats available? David Bernstein: Oh, yes. Robin Farley: Okay. Thats David Bernstein: Its a small amount. Robin Farley: I wasnt sure if that was some very limited amount or not. Thats helpful. David Bernstein: No, no, no. Robin Farley: And then my other question is, Arnold, I know you talked a lot in the beginning about discussions with various countries. The EU has already put out some very clear guidelines and suggestions. Are your discussions with the CDC along similar lines to what the EU is suggesting? Or are you seeing a big difference there? Arnold Donald: At this point, the conversations with the CDC evolved in around the current pause and the handling of the ships during the pause, which has exclusively crew onboard the ships. We have not actually gotten to the point of serious resumption of cruise discussions with the CDC, but, of course, thats coming. So in terms of the EU, while there is a EU kind of general thing thats out there, each nation is going to do what if things that needs to do. And so there you have to go country-by-country as well. And thats why  and in our case, we not only had to do in Germany, the German authorities, but because the ships  some of the ships were like  with Italy  we have to deal with Italy even for the German situation. And so thats just the nature of the business. So well have to deal and are dealing with various authorities everywhere. And even with the CDC, you have individual communities and individual ports, and the way this is going to work is court cities and destination cities, all have to be aligned, thats number one. Number two, they will be informed by or influenced by CDC and other relevant authorities dependent where those destination cities are around the world and so on. And then its going to be informed by our own degree of confidence that were acting in the best interests of public health. And thats why weve engaged plethora of medical experts and scientists around the world that informed us were about to do with AIDA, for example, which we feel very good about the protocols there and involve them works out again with the ports there and overall governing authorities in Germany, and thats the process. So its a very involved process. A lot of detail, a lot of different constituencies. But yes, we are in conversations with the CDC as the entire industry. The industry has in conversations with each other, because no one wants to compete on health or safety or environment or anything like that, and were all working collectively. And I think the most important thing, Robin, is the first determinant is societys willingness to gather so as social gathering. And so what youre seeing, for example, in Germany, where the community spread has become relatively low on an incident level basis, society is willing to socially gather, and that lays the foundation for us to be able to do things. And there is more information about the virus, better understanding of what to do or what not to do. And so all of that together makes it possible, but with confidence begin to sail again. And were not quite at that point, obviously, here in the U.S., where there still surges in different portions of the country in terms of incidents and so on. But were working on it and  along with the rest of the industry. Robin Farley: Great. Thank you very much for that thorough answer. I wonder if I could squeeze in just one tiny clarification with David. Arnold Donald: Sure, Robin. Robin Farley: David, you  in your remarks, you used an expression like, I think, about accounts payable reversing itself. I guess, I just want to clarify. Are you saying then that as of now or over the course of June into now that you are now bringing in more new deposits than what you are refunding in the last month what that referred to? David Bernstein: No. Thats not exactly what that referred to. But I will answer the second part of what your question is fair. So what I was referring to is once we process the customer deposits  and Ill give you a high-level answer. So customer deposits went down roughly $2 billion in the second quarter, but all the cash didnt go out the door. We actually paid about $1 billion. And the other $1 billion wound up at the end of the quarter in AP, because its no longer a customer deposit, and then we were able to process that $1 billion in the month of June, so, AP came down. But to answer your question relative to customer deposits, I think, we had said in an 8-K we filed about a month ago that we did expect to see a decline in customer deposits during the third quarter. But that it was  what actually we said the back-half of the year, but we expected it all to occur in the third quarter. And that the decline in the third quarter would be significantly less than the decline in the second quarter. So probably, by the time we get to the end of the third quarter, we should be in a balanced position. Exactly what day or the week or month that occurs is somewhat dependent a little bit on the timing of extending the pause if that  if and when that occurs as we move forward. Robin Farley: Perfect. Thank you very much. Thanks. Arnold Donald: Thank you, Robin. Operator: Our next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed. Jaime Katz: Hi, good morning. I have a question on the AIDA launch. It looks like in the yesterdays press release, the original launch of the cruises will have an adjusted passenger capacity. And some of your competitors were quoted in The Financial Times yesterday saying that constrained capacity would really put a crimp on profitability. So Im curious what that restrained capacity looks like kicking off, and how youre thinking about that across the fleet? Arnold Donald: Yes. So first of all, the important aspect of this to focus on is proper social distancing within what the particular country, society has determined at this point in time for them is what they are comfortable with and then the social distancing that occurs in the public venues on the ship. If youre in your cabin, youre naturally socially distanced from the other cabins. So as we  actually, the public venues, the restaurants, that theaters, et cetera. And theres also a lot of outdoor spaces on our ships, which again requires slightly different understanding of social distancing than in close places like certain restaurants. So thats the context of the framework to begin with. Given that, were looking at different ways to manage the flow, which we do all the time on the ships to ensure that we dont have congregations that would compromise the social distancing requirements at the time. And its like  there have been requirements, its just more preferences. Right now, its 1.5 meters in Germany, for example, okay? And so that can then drive depending how you plan to manage the flow in the ship. That can drive what you ultimately might do with occupancy, along with the fact that you want to reserve an area on the ship, any event, anyone has COVID or there are cases of COVID that you can isolate those individuals in a comfortable situation. So that you can mitigate any possible spread on the ship. So that those are the dynamics involved. So then a straight answer to your question is, were going to start slow, of course, because were starting out. We have to  our people have to be trained. We have to see how peoples behaviors really are. Weve got lots of ways to set up the social distancing and so on. So were going to start with lower occupancy. But then, well ramp up to higher occupancy as long as what were doing is proven to be working. And so, thats kind of the flow. In terms of profitability, we can be less than 50% occupancy and still generate significant positive cash flow. Initially, well probably start at less than 50% occupancy as we work out the details, see whether choke points are and so on and so forth and get experience with it. But then, well ramp up above that level of occupancy, hopefully, in a relatively short period of time. Well have to see how it goes. But even at less than 50% occupancy, we can generate on the ships that are either put into service right now substantial positive cash flow. David Bernstein: Again Jaime Katz: And then  go ahead. David Bernstein: I was just going to add a little bit to an earlier comment. Arnold Donald: Yes. Go ahead, David. David Bernstein: Just to kind of frame the overall picture. Generally speaking, the break-even point in terms of occupancy for cash flow generation at the ship level is probably somewhere in the 30% to 50% range, depending on the size of the ship. So, as Arnold said, if we start a little below 50 as we work our way up, those initial ships are probably at the lower-end of that scale and we will be generating positive cash flow. But I want to try to give you a little bit of an example of the power of the cash flow generation of our business. And  but I dont have a forecast for 2020, and I cant provide you guidance. Let me try to use the 2019 actuals to kind of help you understand what  whats the situation were in? So if I look at the 2019 actuals, and I say how many ships would we have had to operate to have a cash flow break-even? The number is about 15 ships. The top 15 ships probably generate about 30%, 31% of our cash flow. And, of course, I guess, if I have to account for the fact that we have ships  the rest of the ships would be in pause status maybe have got to operate 25 of the ships and our fleet to generate a little over 40% of our cash flow in order to cover the pause cause costs for the rest in the fleet and all of our shoreside SG&A. And we would still be cash flow break-even. And by the way, if we were only operating 25 ships, I dont think wed be spending as much as we did in 2019 on SG&A. And when I did these calculations, I just assume the 2019 SG&A was flat. So it gives you a bit of context of the power of cash flow generation in our business. Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Jaime Katz: Thats really helpful. I think the other thing that might get you back to that is that, Asia seems to be recovering a lot faster. And I believe Genting is going to start sailing at the end of the month. And so is there any timeline that you guys have sort of outlined to get back into the regions that youd be willing to share? Thanks. Arnold Donald: You bet. We never try to predict regulatory, because you cant. And so, obviously, we are working closely, especially with our JV partners in China to see when we can start a sailing again. But at this point, we dont have a date certain or even probable for that. But like you said, this virus moved from East to West. And so, like you were cautiously optimistic that we will and do time here be in a position to reintroduce cruising in the Asian market as well. Jaime Katz: Thank you. Arnold Donald: Thank you. Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. Tim Conder: Gentlemen, thank you for the color. Very helpful. Wanted to continue, David, on your example that you just went through. Benchmarking off of 2019, given the ships that youre divesting and given, you said there will be  or Arnold, you all referred to that there will be cost, obviously, that will not come back into the equation shoreside and so forth. What would be a rough guesstimate at this point, where your cost per ALBD ex-fuel should be relative to 2019? Just any color you could give us there? Arnold Donald: Go ahead, David. David Bernstein: Yes. Tim, thats really very difficult at this point. Keep in mind, as Arnold and I both said, its been a 120 days, and that long list of things that weve done. So its very difficult. We are going to have  we have a lot of work to do. Weve started that work on the initial AIDA cruises. But Id be hesitant to extrapolate that across the whole fleet at this point, so  and that would be providing some sort of guidance. So, as Arnold said, were going to come back leaner and more efficient. So I would expect some cost efficiencies versus prior year numbers, but thats the best I can do at this point given the short period of time weve had. Tim Conder: Okay. Arnold Donald: And we have so many variables with how quickly we ramp up back, which ships come in, which itineraries are they on and on and on. And so there is a gazillion variables there. But what we do know is, were going to be back leaner. Tim Conder: Okay, okay. And on the ships that youre divesting, any commentary that you can give to us as to whether the ultimate buyer  will the majority of those be outright scrapped or will some of those ships stay in the global industry fleet? Arnold Donald: Well, first of all, we dont scrap ships. We recycle them. So, any ships that arent sold into a market that doesnt directly interfere with our existing markets, which is what we would do. Our sales are basically into uses that are different than our uses for the ships in the markets that were in. Then  yes, those will go for recycling. David, I dont know if you want to add any additional color. Go ahead. David Bernstein: Yes. Of the 13, its just a few that are recycled. The majority are  the intention were told is to use them for a variety of purposes, just a few recycled at this point. Tim Conder: So on recycle, just to be clear, should we view it as  let me rephrase it may be those that would transport customers for cruise-related services or hotel-related services versus washing machines? Arnold Donald: Yes. Tim Conder: Okay, okay. Okay. And then, lastly, if I may, you  when youre referring to historical bookings and pricing, just the definition of historical we talk in the last three years, five years, just to make sure were thinking about the definition correctly there? David Bernstein: I think, were Arnold Donald: Were primarily talking pre-COVID versus now. But go ahead, David. Yes. David Bernstein: Well, yes, Tim, Im assuming youre referring to the historical range on bookings, when you said what range. I think, we went back to like 2011 on that. Tim Conder: Okay. Thank you, gentlemen. Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you. Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. Jamie Rollo: Yes. Thank you. My first question is just on the order book, please. It doesnt sound like that youre planning any cancellations of what sort of order? Or is it just a delay to your order book? Thank you. Arnold Donald: I didnt quite hear the question, David. If you did, please go ahead. David Bernstein: Yes. It sounded like I kind of  but Jamie, you were talking about any cancellations on the order book versus delay. There were no cancellations what we were just talking about for the each ship was a delay. On average, youre probably talking about five-month delay for each of the 14 ships plus the two Seabourn expedition ships that are on order. Arnold Donald: I think, the most important thing there is going down to five versus nine between now and 2022, though. It looks like you had a follow-on, Jamie. Go ahead. Jamie Rollo: Well, it was the same question really. Just wondering if youre planning any cancellations, I mean, nothing so far, but are you in discussions with the yards about canceling any of those ships. Arnold Donald: No, were not in discussions about canceling ships. Were in discussions with the yards about timing of deliveries and whatnot, but not on cancelling ships. Again, were far enough out what weve talked about already that hopefully by then, were planning to be directionally back at the capacity that we would have available at that point in time actually being deployed globally. And at that point, again, the new ships are just far more efficient. We would regulate with demand by, again, disposing of less efficient ships rather than trying to avoid bringing on the new ships. The timing of that is important to us, but we would like to have the new ships. David Bernstein: Yes. And, Jamie, in terms of timing, building what Arnold was saying, essentially, I think, Arnold did indicate in his prepared remarks that given the ships that were leaving the fleet, as well as the newbuild schedule, it would be 2022, before we got back to the capacity that we had in the second quarter of 2020. Arnold Donald: At the earliest. David Bernstein: At the earliest, correct. Jamie Rollo: Thank you. And then the other question is just on leverage. I think, David, you said you expect to return to investment-grade at some point. And I think market expectations of a debt to get to about $20 billion or bit more over the next six months to nine months. I mean, at what point is that sort of too much debt and you might need to raise equity to bring that number down? David Bernstein: So, I would just venture to say that going back to some of my other remarks that our cash flow generation is tremendous. And with the newbuild schedule stretched out, we have the ability to pay down debt over time. I will point out that $2 billion of that debt is converts. And I do hope that those converts over time converts equity since the conversion price is only $10 a share. So, we constantly take a look at our position. Our debt to cap ratio at the end of the second quarter was 50%. Even if I add in the $2.6 billion we raised in June, that only puts us at 53%. So I think were in a reasonably good position and with great cash flow generation. My expectation is, well pay down the debt over time. Jamie Rollo: Can I just clarify what you said to an earlier question? I think you said that you need about 25% of the ships to break-even, including the losses for the ships in cold layup. Is that based on any low occupancy or yield numbers based on the 2019? Or is that just on the 2019, a level of profitability? I guess, the number might be very different if you bake in a lower load factor? David Bernstein: Agreed. I was just giving you, because instead of giving you guidance, I was giving you  it wasnt 25%, it was 25 ships, which I guess, in our case is close to 25%. But I was just using the 2019 actuals as they exist by ship and for the whole company to give you some framework to do your modeling. And, yes, obviously, those ships did sail with 100% occupancy. But also keep in mind, when I did this math, I didnt adjust the SG&A either, which would be considerably lower for 25 ships than for a fleet of over 100 ships. So, again, it was just to provide you information to help you model, not to provide any guidance. Arnold Donald: And in that theoretical modeling, 25 ships would be at full occupancy. David Bernstein: Yes. Arnold Donald: Weve got plenty of demand to fill that level of volume once things are resumed. And so thats not going to be a major issue at that level for sure. Jamie Rollo: Okay. Thank you. Good luck, guys. Thank you. Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you, Jamie. Appreciate it. Operator: Our next question comes from our Brandt Montour with JPMorgan. Please proceed. Brandt Montour: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So ticket prices have held up better than other industries in hospitality and travel. And I was just wondering what kind of dynamics you expect to play out as operation start to resume and marketing engines start back up at the industry level? Arnold Donald: Well, well have to see. But again, because of the nature and, as I said in the remarks, that we have the third lever of capacity, just the nature of the restart. So its going to almost be country-by-country and destination-by-destination. Theres going to be pent-up demand that we will not, as an industry, be able to service in the early going. And so that obviously creates a positive environment for yield with excess demand over the supply available. There is a good chance that will persist for sometime as the world kind of comes back into, as I say, on the shoreside, social gathering, because thats the critical thing for us even begun to talk about cruising again, as is the case, thats already happened in Germany and it looks like it may happen in Italy soon. So with those dynamics, its a good environment field and, of course, were going to be paying close attention. Obviously, our number one financial consideration is generating cash and positive cash flow. But we think we have the opportunity with the environment that should exist at the time, and the fact that we can direct the capacity and manage the capacity introduction that we can keep it in line with demand, where we have a good yield environment as well. David, any additional Brandt Montour: Thats helpful. Arnold Donald: color you want to add to that? David Bernstein: No, I think that  thats pretty well covers it. Arnold Donald: Thank you. Okay. Brandt Montour: Thats helpful, guys. Thank you. And then just a question on your bookings commentary, and its great to see that youre seeing new cruises booking. But just  since youre seeing most of your brands booking in similar ranges, that might imply youre not seeing demand differences between older versus younger cruises. So just wondering if you could maybe cut the data by age cohort for us, if youre seeing differentiation there? Arnold Donald: Were actually not seeing a big differentiation there, except for one general trend, which is longer cruises. So, obviously, world cruises, 21-day cruises that sort of  that is not booking as well, obviously, as short of cruises, given the environment at the time. Those cruises go to lots of different places, where potentially people say, well, whats the problem there? Am I going to be able to go to all those places, given the current situation with community spread, et cetera? And so  and thats the difference. But most of our brands, on average were  for the bulk of the brands, we had about 45 age, median age, kind of average age demand, especially Carnival, Costa, AIDA, those brands. And so  and then even with the others, we havent seen a booking pattern change between those 65 and older  are those under 65, except for the dynamic of the longer cruises, which appropriately are not booking at the same rate at this point in time. Hopefully, that answers your question. Brandt Montour: Thats excellent color. Thanks very much and good luck. Arnold Donald: Hey, thank you. Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Scholes with SunTrust. Please proceed. Patrick Scholes: Hi, good morning. Quick question. Lets say hypothetically that CDC this afternoon said youre free to sail out of Miami. Realistically, how many weeks do you think it would take for you to set your first ship out at that point? Arnold Donald: I think, again, it depends when that happens. But generally speaking, Id say within 30 days, we would be able to sail. Again, we  theres a bunch of dynamics here and there are a lot of other countries are involved. So we have  right now, were going to minimum manning on the ships in terms of crew to keep our ongoing costs now. We have to keep the ships operating there in what we call warm layup. We have people on, but its with a minimum crew. So we have to get crew back. Depending on the circumstances and what the protocols are that could be a shot or longer period of time if were quarantining crew for a period of time before they go back onboard, which could be the case, et cetera, that required more time. But I would say, in a lot of different scenarios, within 30 days of knowing when we could cruise, we would be in a position to be prepared to. Its just a kind of thumb nail kind of a thing. Patrick Scholes: Okay. Very good. Thank you much. Arnold Donald: Thank you. One last question, operator. Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed. Felicia Hendrix: Hi, there. Thank you  in. Arnold Donald: Hi, Felicia. Felicia Hendrix: Hi. First, I just want to thank you all for the tremendous color and detail on this call, both in the Q&A and in the prepared remarks. Its been super helpful in a very cloudy time. So and with that, as a theme, Arnold, I know, at this point, its probably really difficult for you to opine if you can actually sail in the U.S., as of mid-September. So Im not going to ask you that. But Im just wondering at what point in time due delays and starting up start to affect the 2021 booking curve? And just on the booking curve, just the language in your release seems to have changed a tad. So Im just wondering if Im leading too much into this before you were saying that almost two-thirds of the bookings for 2021 were cash bookings and now that language is saying that its almost 60%? Arnold Donald: Okay. Ill let David add some details to it. But just in general, again, we are encouraged by the bookings. But the 2021 booking curve has already been impacted with just the circumstances. Obviously, at this point in time, this year, if there has been no COVID, wed be talking about different kinds of booking numbers. But David, you might want to more than what we have to address the question. David Bernstein: Yes. So its just different time periods. And so there was a time period and I remember the two-thirds distinctly. I  excuse me, I dont remember the exact time period you referred to, but the 60% was more current and as opposed to the two-thirds. One of the things keep in mind when you think about all of this, in terms  its not shocking that this is going to change over time, because as people get their FCCs, many of them are not turning around and immediately rebooking. We have quite a number of FCCs that are still yet applied. And the reason for that, if you think about it, if your cruise was canceled in April, May or June, you still have to like reorganized with your family, you have to plan vacation and do a lot of different things before you rebook your cruise. So logically, over time, well see the remainder of those FCCs booked. And we do have quite a few. In fact, the majority  the overwhelming majority have yet to rebook. And that is not in the bookings statistics that we have provided. Felicia Hendrix: That makes a lot of sense. And then just  and that kind of gets me on your customer deposits for 2021, you gave enough us a lot of good color for what cadence for 2020. Have you  can you give us the complexion of your 2021 deposits? What is the cadence of cancellations, if any, has been there? And David, also while I have you, its just housekeeping, just wondering if you can issue more secured debt? David Bernstein: Sure. So 2021 deposits  so the overwhelming majority, I think, we had indicated that it was about $500 million of deposits to $475 million relating to cruises in the back-half of 2020. And so the overwhelming majority of the $2.9 billion was 2021 deposits. Generally speaking, I mean, occasionally, we get somebody calls and does a cancellation for 2021 deposit. But those are pretty normal, people occasionally get sick, plans change things happen. Thats in the normal course, and we havent seen any dramatic changes in that environment. And as far as the additional secured debt, we do have some additional capacity on a second-lien basis to do additional secured debt. Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you. Arnold Donald: Great. Thank you. All right. Everyone, Robin, you asked early on question, but all of you  Id like to invite all of you, July 28. You can go to the following site to register, it is covidsciencesummit.com. Were producing for the WTTC, thats the World Travel and Tourism Council, gathering of well renowned scientists to give the current state of understanding and knowledge about COVID-19, everything from the epidemiology to transmission to detection, prevention, treatment and practically giving where society is today, what seems to be the best knowledge around how society can effectively manage through the virus. So to be, as you know, this information is constantly changing in terms of knowledge around COVID-19. But it will be, at that point in time, some of the best minds in the world sharing their perspectives. So you all welcome to attend. Its free and open to the public and is jointly hosted by ourselves at Carnival Corporation and WTTC. With that, I thank you for your time today. We really appreciate your interest and the questions. Were very much looking forward to resuming in Germany and eventually everywhere around the world. And again, I couldnt be more proud of our entire team managing through what has been a very challenging time. But also a time that were using to get leaner and stronger and come out even more powerful than we were before. So thank you all for your attention. Thank you, operator. Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-12-20 10:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning everyone. And welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison, as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. First, I sincerely thank the 150,000 members of the Carnival family who collectively work to offset numerous headwinds and still deliver memorable cruise experiences for our 13 million guests, as well as another year of records adjusted earnings per share for our shareholders. We achieved fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $0.62 per share that's higher than the midpoint of our guidance by $0.14 per share. We ended the year with full year adjusted earnings per share of $4.40, which is a new record for adjusted EPS, 3% better than last year's historical high and broadly in line with our capacity growth, despite a plethora of negative events and circumstances. With that said, we were disappointed not to deliver the level of earnings growth we do plan to achieve over time. We believe our business is inherently capable of and we are working hard to ensure we are in fact doing even better. After five years of very strong adjusted earnings growth for our company, 2019 brought with it more than our fair share of challenges, including the abrupt regulatory change preventing travel to Cuba, geopolitical events in Arabian Gulf, Hurricane Dorian, a costly unscheduled dry dock, and multiple shipyard delays. All of which necessitated the cancellation of cruises and in many instances, resulted in shorter booking windows negatively impacting yield. Even though these unusual events were outside our direct control, as always, we go above and beyond to accommodate our guests who are in convenience, providing them with generous credits towards their next cruise purchase. In total, we estimated these unusual events to cost the company approximately $0.23 per share. Now these events do have a tail effect going into 2020. And of course, the impact from these events was compounded by an unanticipated decline in consumer attitudes affecting leisure travel broadly in our continental European source markets, especially Germany. While quantifying the impact from macro conditions is always difficult, the decline in revenue yield for our Continental European brands was worth approximately $0.30 per share for fiscal 2019. Clearly without this downturn, we would have achieved double digit adjusted earnings per share growth even in the face of the higher number and scale of unusual events. Unfortunately, we do see a continuation of that environment in continental Europe into 2020. As a global company with nearly 50% of our guest source are from outside the U.S., we're subject to uneven economies around the world. We have a large percentage of our portfolio weighted in regions that are currently challenged, and this will remain a headwind in 2020. In Germany, we carry more than half of all cruise guests, AIDA outperformed overall in that travel market with revenue up mid-teens last year compared to a decline for overall to the client overall revenue over the same period. Looking forward, AIDA is entering a period of slower cruise industry supply growth in Germany beginning in the second quarter. We expect capacity growth for our AIDA brand of just 5% next year, and that's down from 20% in 2019. That said we expect yield challenge is similar to 2019 given ongoing headwinds, which are impacting the entire leisure travel category in Germany. Despite that difficult environment, AIDA remains among the highest return on invested capital brands in our portfolio and our team there has done an outstanding job, growing demand for cruise given the environment. In Southern Europe, we have 13% capacity growth in the face of what is also a difficult travel environment. We've already taken actions to adapt to what is proving to be a persistent challenge there. These actions include changes to itineraries to optimize our performance by reducing exotic programs, replacing them with more convenient and affordable cruises closer to home, eliminating the costly air components. As previously announced, we also implemented an action plan to accelerate demand and right size capacity sourced from Southern Europe by removing two ships from the Costa Europe fleet for fiscal 2020 followed by a third in 2021. The capacity of these three smaller ships will be somewhat offset by the delivery of the much more efficient Costa Smeralda. Smeralda is the first new ship delivered for Costa in Europe in five years, and has been well received by the market. By accelerating our long term strategy to replace existing capacity with larger and more efficient vessels, we can improve return on invested capital for Costa overtime. In the UK, our brands have also outperformed the overall leisure travel market and have grown revenue yields and profits in 2019 despite the ongoing uncertainty around Brexit. And 2020 we are again experiencing strong demand particularly for Iona, the first new shift for our U.K brand in five years and the largest ever purpose-built ship for the U.K. Iona continues to book at a significant premium to our other U.K ships on a comparable cruises. Now this has been somewhat muted in our overall projected 2020 U.K performance by an increasing overhang from Brexit. The previously announced close-in deployment changes due to the tensions in the Arabian Gulf and a plan dry-dock for the high yielding Queen Mary 2. Turning North America, we're seeing a continuation of positive trends in 2020. The Caribbean remains strong in occupancy and yield growth overall for our brands, and will be even stronger without the continuing yield drag from future cruise credits and the regulatory change in Cuba. In Alaska, where yields remain high relative to other trades, the industry is in the process of absorbing the 10% capacity increase in 2020 on top of last year's 15% increase. While growing and profitable with our scale, Alaska remains a year-to-year yield growth challenge that we are working hard to address. We continue to focus on creating demand there, including some new approaches with our travel agent partners, as well as new consumer communications efforts, specifically targeted to Alaska concerning others trades. Our brands collectively are deploying the number of innovative guest offerings to further stimulate demand. We've conducted a deep dive analysis of our marketing activities and spin to drive demand in all the countries and brands we operate. And while we're pleased with our overall combined, earned and purchased marketing share of voice, we found pockets of opportunity to increase marketing impressions to generate demand and support future yield growth. To that end, beginning of the fourth quarter of 2019, we've increased investments in media spin, leading into and including 2020 wave to support our brands and destinations around the world. And we've also been successful in increasing our analytical rigor in marketing and in media spend to drive demand generation and to better balance brand support activities with price and promotion efforts. On the guest experience side, we continue to deliver. Both our guest experience scores and our net promoter scores are towards the top end of prior ranges, with many hitting new highs. We are stepping up investments and guest experience even further through the new build schedule, which peaks this year in 2020 with six new ships entering service across six distinct markets. The aforementioned Costa Smeralda, Continental Europe and P&O Iona in the UK, as well as Carnival Panorama, the first new ship home for a year round for the Carnival brand on the West Coast in nearly 25 years and Enchanted Princess, the second new ship delivered with OceanMedallion. Toward the end of fiscal 2020, we will welcome Mardi Gras to Carnival Cruise Line on the east coast and Costa Firenze to Costa Asia. We continue to roll out our most popular features on our existing fleet with significant reimaginations like the recently introduced Carnival Sunrise to be joined by Carnival Radiance in 2020. In the Princess fleet, the OceanMedallion rollout continues with five ships already completed and six more to be completed in 2020. And to facilitate onboard revenue growth, the expansion of app-based technology across our other brands continues, including pre-cruise purchases. Concerning destination development, we have two major developments underway; on Grand Bahama Island and the second destination on Half Moon Cay, complementing the six destinations we had already developed and are operating in the Caribbean. And currently, we are elevating the guest experience without dramatically increasing operating costs. In fact, we achieved over $125 million of cost savings in 2019 through global sourcing, bringing the cumulative total to over $480 million. These efforts will continue in 2020. And of course, our highest responsibility and therefore, top priorities are excellence and safety, environmental protection, and compliance. On the sustainability front, we achieved 4% reduction in per unit fuel consumption in 2019, and we expect another 4% in 2020, which will bring the cumulative reduction in fuel consumption per ALBD to 35%. We continue to lead the industry in the development of environmentally friendly fuel solutions. We joined the Getting to Zero Coalition and alliance of organizations across the maritime, energy, infrastructure and finance sectors, committed to accelerating the de-carbonization of international shipping industry. Just this year, we delivered the first cruise ship to be solely powered by LNG, the most environmentally friendly fossil fuel and just this month, delivered the second of the 11 LNG ships we've ordered. We're also making significant investment in fuel cell technology in electrical energy storage capabilities. We announced the groundbreaking pilot on our AIDAperla, the first lithium-ion battery storage system to power, albeit for limited periods of time, a cruise ship's propulsion and operations. And as early as 2021, our AIDA Cruises will be the world's first cruise company to test the use of fuel cells on a large passenger ship. The fuel cell will be powered by hydrogen derived from ethanol. Now these will complement our industry leading technologies we have already deployed to reduce emissions, including cold ironing at shore power, which we have the capability for on over 40% of our fleet and advanced air quality systems already deployed on nearly 80% of our fleets. The investments we've made in advanced air quality systems also helps to mitigate increased costs, and we get benefit from any increase in spread and fuel types in the wake of IMO 2020. Beyond carbon, we are focused on other areas concerning environment with the rollout of additional advanced wastewater treatment systems and food bio- digesters. In addition, we're making considerable progress on our goal to significantly reduce single use plastics. Moreover, as part of our environmental efforts, we have also partnered with Jean-Michel Cousteau, an ocean future society. Of course, we have much more work to do and our sustainability efforts remain at the forefront of our strategic goals. So in summary, we fully appreciate that the supply growth in Continental Europe is not well timed, given the macro environment that is unfolded. We build 30-year assets and we take decisions many years in advance fully aware that we can't time the economic cycle that we deliver them into. Accordingly, we assume every ship will see more than one recession in its 30-year life. I'd like to again acknowledge the successful efforts of our dedicated team members. For our consumer company with a meaningful portion of this business exposed to significant macro headwinds to deliver record adjusted earnings is a strong accomplishment, and I'm very proud of our team members and the phenomenal guest experiences they deliver every day. Importantly, overtime, we are focused on measured capacity growth after peaking out 6.6% in 2020, capacity growth flows to just under 5% in 2021. We've been accelerating ship sales with two more announced just this month, bringing the cumulative total to 30 ships in 14 years. In addition, we're working with the shipyard toward moderating the timing of newbuilds and at the same time, mitigate the risk of further delays in shipbuilding. We're continuing to work to improve our performance in fiscal 2020 and beyond, to make progress towards double-digit earnings growth. However, our adjusted earnings per share guidance of $4.30 to $4.60 today reflect that we'll likely take beyond 2020 to achieve that level of earnings growth, given the current environment in Europe and the relative weighting of European sourcing in our portfolio. As we've shown in the past, we believe our cruise brands will continue to be recession resilient, given the low penetration levels of cruise, attractive value propositions and high satisfaction levels relative to land based vacation alternatives. Although, there are multiple external its impact outside of our control, we are relatively managing those levers we do control or at least can strongly influence; demand, supply and controlling costs. We are investing in to stimulate demand through advertising, marketing and public relations efforts to maintain price discipline. For supply, we are working to moderate capacity additions and at the same time, accelerate less efficient capacity leaving the fleet. And we are leveraging our scale to achieve these efficiencies and to fund investments without a significant net increase in cost. In the best interest of long-term shareholders, we are making disciplined decisions to optimize our performance in the short-term, while leaving us best positioned to capture the full benefit of global travel and tourism growth over the long-term. With that, I will turn the call over to David. David Bernstein: Thanks you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics, will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2019 fourth quarter and full year results. Then I will provide an update on our full year 2020 booking trends, and finish up with some color on our 2020 December guidance. As Arnold indicated, our adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.62. This was $0.14 above the mid-point of our September guidance. The improvement was driven by three things. First, increased net ticket yields benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic were $0.03. Second, favorability in net cruise costs without fuel was worth $0.07, driven by cost improvements realized during the quarter and the timing of expenses between the quarters. And third, we benefited by $0.05 from the net impact of fuel price and currency. Lower fuel prices were worth $0.04, while favorable currency movements were worth a penny. Now, let's look at our fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 2.4%. Our North America and Australia segment, more commonly known as our NAA brands, were essentially flat. While our Europe and Asia segment, more commonly known as our EA brand, were up almost 7%. Our total net revenue yields were down 1.8%. Now let's break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yields were down 3.3%, normalized for a small accounting update. Our NAA brands were down 1.4%, also normalized, driven by yield declines in late season in Alaska and European programs, which were partially offset by improvements in the Caribbean, which were tempered by the redemption of future cruise credits, more commonly known as FCCs, which were issued earlier in the year. While our EA brands were down 4.4% as a result of the previously discussed economic challenges our Continental European brands are facing. Net onboard and other yields increased almost 2%, also normalized for the same accounting update with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. Net cruise cost per ALBD, excluding fuel were up 2.6%, mainly due to higher advertising expense and higher dry dock days in the quarter. While the fourth was up, let's not forget the full year 2019 costs were down 0.3%. In summary, our fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.08 less than last year as a result of lower net revenue yields, which cost us $0.10 and higher net cruise cost per ALBD excluding fuel, which cost us $0.08. Both of which were partially offset by the net benefit of fuel price currency were up 11%. Lower fuel prices were worth $0.14, while unfavorable currency movement cost us $0.03. Had it not been for the voyage disruptions due to weather, a ship delayed delivery and the previously announced U.S. government's policy change on travel to Cuba, which cost us approximately $0.08, our fourth quarter adjusted EPS would have been in line with last year. Looking back at the full year 2019, we grow our earnings 3.3% with adjusted EPS rising to $4.40 versus $4.26 for the prior year; our capacity increased 4.2%, our NAA brands were up 1.8%, while our EA brands were up 8.6%; our total net revenue yields were down 0.2%. Again, let's break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Their ticker yields were down 1%. Our NAA brands were up 0.7%, driven by yield increases in the Caribbean, which were partially offset by declines in our Alaska program. As we previously indicated, we had an 8% increase in our Alaska capacity during 2019, while the industry capacity increased 15%. Our EA brands were 2.7% as a result of the previously discussed economic challenges our Continental European brands are facing. As Arnold indicated, we did see yield increases at our UK brands despite the ongoing uncertainty around Brexit. Net onboard and other yields increased 2% with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. During 2019, we have to navigate a long list of challenges and usually events that Arnold summarized. We estimate that the usual events in 2019 cost the company approximately $0.23. These events unfavorably impacted both net revenues yield and net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD by about four tenths of a point. During 2019, we also benefited from the gross accretive impact of the share repurchase program worth $0.12. Fuel prices and currency each had significant year-over-year individual impacts, however, the net impact only cost us a penny. Lower fuel prices contributed $0.17, while the stronger dollar cost us $0.18. Turning to our cash flows for 2019. Cash provided by operations was $5.5 billion. As a result of our strong cash flows during the year, we were able to return almost $2 billion to our shareholders via the regularly quarterly dividend and the share repurchases of almost $600 million. Now turning to 2020 booking trends. We are entering fiscal year 2020 with a record book occupancy position. At this point in time, our cumulative advanced bookings for the full year 2020 are slightly ahead of the prior year on occupancy with a 6.6% capacity increase at prices that are slightly lower than last year on a comparable basis, which does not include the net revenue yield mix headwinds of approximately a half of point for the full year 2020. Now let's drill down into the cumulative book position. Cumulative advanced bookings for our NAA brands are higher than the prior year on occupancy and in line on price. Higher prices in the Caribbean, which are tempered by the redemption of FCCs issue during 2019, are offset by lower pricing in Alaska. While for our EA brands, cumulative advance bookings are in line with the prior year on occupancy at lower prices. Finally, I want to provide you with some color on 2020. Based on current booking trends, we expect 2020 net cruise revenues to be up approximately 5% with capacity growth of 6.6%, while net revenue yields are expected to decline approximately 1.5%. Similar to 2019, the 2020 net revenue yield decline is driven by the challenging economic environment facing or Continental European brands. The forecasted capacity increase of 6.6% is broken down by quarter as follows; first quarter is 6%, second quarter is also 6%, while the third quarter is 5.7% and the fourth quarter is 8.9%. Given the 2020 capacity increase by brand, we will have a mixed headwind, which will impact our reported net revenue yields by approximately a half of point for the full year. Now turning to cost. Net cruise cost without fuel per ALBD is expected to be flat for 2020 versus 2019. Broadly speaking, there are three main drivers of the cost change. First, our forecast is for an average 2 points of inflation across all cost categories globally. Second, we are able to more than offset this inflation from the economies of scale we achieve by taking delivery of larger more efficient ships, while disposing of less efficient ships, as well as the cost savings from further leveraging or global sourcing scale. The third and final point relates to investments we will make in our 2020 deployment, advertising, our recently formed FX and compliance department, as well as other small investments in IT and other areas of the business. For full year 2020, earnings is estimated to include $0.12 to $0.17 incremental impact from prior year events and previously announced 2020 voyage disruptions, including ship delivery delays. These events are expected to unfavorably impact net revenue yield by almost half of point. On the cost side, these events plus an accounting difference are expected to unfavorably impact net cruise cost without fuel per ALBD by seven tenths of a point. Net cruise cost without fuel per ALBD guidance would have been down seven tenths of a point instead of flat. We currently expect depreciation to be around $2.41 billion for 2020 versus $2.16 billion for 2019. For net interest expense, our current expectation for 2020 is around $220 million versus $183 million for 2019. The net impact of fuel price, currency and fuel mix, is expected to favorably impact 2020 by $0.17 to $0.24. Fuel expense for 2020 is now forecasted to be $1.42 billion for the full year versus $1.56 billion for 2019. Putting all these factors together, our adjusted EPS guidance for 2020 is $4.30 to $4.60 versus $4.40 for 2019. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold. Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions. Operator:  Our first comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed. Felicia Hendrix: So you guys gave us a lot of really good color, which is always very helpful. And it sounds like while issues are continuing in Europe and Alaska, you are starting program to mitigate those challenges. And Arnold, you touched on this a bit in your prepared remarks, but besides moving ships out of the region in Europe. What else can you do to stimulate demand there? So basically, what I'm trying to get to is that some investors have been concerned that you would use price discounting to stimulate demand versus tactical marketing and promotions. So I'm just hoping that you could remind us of your corporate philosophy in terms of your management and what your typical strategic response could be if demand doesn't change after some of the structural changes you are making start to set in place? Arnold Donald: Definitely, we have bias towards discipline the pricing. And in Europe, again I can't emphasize enough, what a great job our team has done in Germany given the environment that they have and how cost is responding as well, so the persistence challenges they have. So with all of the moves we have made with regards to itinerary planning and capacity movement, obviously, the teams are also doing quite a bit with the trade and with marketing and using digital marketing and other things more effectively. And refining our model with Yoda, which is the revenue management tool. We have AIDA is adapting Yoda and particular to that cost as we put additional revenue management talent and format. And so from the combination of the things, again, they fill the ships, it's robust given the nature of the market there in terms of actual demand. We do have record bookings at peak capacity and so in that regard it's strong. Felicia Hendrix: And in Alaska what sort of strategic things could you do there just to stimulate demands, given all the supply? Arnold Donald: Yes, as we said on the call, there is what some people would probably call the temporary overconcentration of supply in Alaska. But Alaska's premium price to Caribbean is very profitable for us and obviously for others, which is why they're there. And we have also a little bit of a mix challenge, because as we grow capacity we can grow the land portion as well, which naturally gives us kind of a yield drag, because obviously the excursion portion and also our yield performance in Alaska. But we've got very good initiatives and the key brands that are serving Alaska. We'll have to see how they play out, we're right before wave. But they have some tools and some great marketing techniques. We revisit the digital aspect of our marketing and enhance that already dramatically, and we've since early results from that. So those are the things we're doing. But I don't want to make it sound like Alaska is a bad market, it's a great market. We make really good money there. The reason why capacity is going in is because it is a strong market with a lot of demand from guests. And we're doing everything to put us in a position over time grow yield there along with growing the capacity. Felicia Hendrix: And then for David or Beth, I was just wondering if you could help us understand the yield in NCC ex-fuel cadence for the quarters. I mean obviously you've given us the first quarter and the full year, but maybe if you could help us understand better how those would kind of just the cadence and then also D&A and interest for guidance for the first quarter and the full year? Thanks. David Bernstein: So on costs, we did say that net cruise costs would be flat for the full year, and the first quarter is down 2% to 3%. So obviously, the remaining three quarters have to average up each quarter is something close to 1% just to get back to flat. I'm reluctant to give guidance by quarter, because of all the seasonalization and it's very difficult. But I will say that in terms of dry-dock days which does, to some extent drive, some of the net cruise costs. I had mentioned dry-dock days were down in the first quarter, and that's why it was driving the cost down. You will see higher dry-dock days in the second and lower dry-dock days in the fall which will, to some extent, impact that average 1%. But that's not guidance, I'm just giving you the math to get to the flat. Felicia Hendrix: Just on the yield side. So in the first quarter, if you're down 1% to 2% and the full year, you're down 1.5%, I mean just cadence, but I'm not asking for guidance. But just would kind of be even through the year? Do you think the first half will be worse than the second half, that kind of color? David Bernstein: You know it's very early. You know, wave hasn't started there is a lot left to go. We're doing a lot of marketing and advertising activities that Arnold mentioned to shape the number in the end. And so I'd be reluctant to give you quarterly guidance, but obviously the full year is similar to the first quarter. So on average included in that is something similar for all three quarters. Felicia Hendrix: And then the D&A interest? David Bernstein: Let me get back to you on that. I just don't have  Beth Roberts: D&A for the quarter is $580 million to $590 million and interest for the quarter is $55 million to $60 million. Felicia Hendrix: And then for the year? Beth Roberts: $2.41 billion for the year and $2.20 billion for interest Operator: The next question comes the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Please proceed. Greg Badishkanian: In first quarter of '20 and full year 2020, net yield guidance is roughly the same. It's around 0.5 percent if you look at the mid-term, at that midpoint of the guidance. What's the cumulative booked position in pricing for Q1? You had talked about slightly higher bookings, slightly higher pricing for the full year. is it pretty similar for Q1? Arnold Donald: So we just gave the book position but we always talk about the fact that our book position for the first quarter is typically aided in 90% booked and we're at the higher end of the range. We've been at the higher end of the range all year, for the last couple of quarters and that at this point in time that's is bound is might be for competitive reasons that's about as much information is want to disclose. Greg Badishkanian: And just looking at, if you look at the U.K, you mentioned that you're seeing an increasing overhang from Brexit. Can you talk about what's just driving that, I would think that with greater certainty around Brexit happening maybe that you'd see an improvement in trends over the coming months, maybe nothing is concluded. It does look like it's more likely to happen with the traditional actions. Arnold Donald: Anything we would say now would be pure speculation it just happened and we'll just have to monitor consumer attitudes, what we do know historically is uncertainty definitely creates cautiousness, the greater the certainly the less -- cautious there'll be but having said that, it would be too early for us to make any additional comments. Operator: The next question comes from line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Please proceed. Jared Shojaian: Going back to your yield guidance for 2020 the minus 1.5%, have you tried to account for any negative effect from the election or maybe any positive contribution from some of the additional marketing spend that you have for this year going into next year. And then you called out some booking improvement in the last eight weeks. Can you just talk about what's changed in the environment over that time period? Is that comment of improved bookings more specific to the Caribbean and Bahamas post Dorian, or more broad-based? Thank you. Arnold Donald: And concerning just, it is , we have a number of initiatives in our guidance. We have not factored in dramatic shifts in consumer attitude positive or negative and that release also to election time. We do know historically, elections can create uncertainty. And so, in our guidance right now we've just taken our approach that things will trend, the way they are. But hopefully, with the investments we've made, perhaps we're obviously made intending to drive some change, but it's too early. David Bernstein: Again is concerning bookings, just keep in mind we pointed out the last date, because we also mentioned that the beginning of the quarter booking trends were impacted by the hurricane. And so as a result of that I think we've said many times, we do see a little bit of a blip when something like that happens and then it bounces write back. And that's basically what happened during the fourth quarter. Jared Shojaian: So is that primarily Caribbean Bahamas that's driving that improved bookings or would you David Bernstein: In terms of volumes we did see volumes during that week period up in a number of areas, but the big driver was the Caribbean. Jared Shojaian: And then just, as I look at your guidance for next year you're implying minimal earnings growth into next year with a fairly sizable amount of CapEx. I think the implication would be that ROIC is going to contract in 2020, that would seem to be driven by the older hardware. I think obviously the newer hardware is getting better returns that's coming online presumably, so my question is, are all the ships in your fleet particularly older ones are they earning your cost of capital right now and what do you view your cost of capital to be? Arnold Donald: I would say we have all the ships that we have in the fleet our earning and those that are not are either about to be exited their plans. And so the bulk of the fleet earns well. David Bernstein: Generally speaking, if you do a mathematical calculation our weighted average cost of capital is probably about 8.5%. But we look at it very differently because our expectation is for double-digit return on invested capital over time and elevated ROIC. So when we look at investments, we're looking at hurdle rates significantly higher than our weighted average cost of cap. Beth Roberts: I think with regard to return on invested capital, the primary driver is the source market; so the brand itself in the source market; secondarily would probably be itinerary; and third might be age, if I had to weight them Arnold Donald: Yes, age is a big driver. Jared Shojaian: What date did you mark your fuel guidance? David Bernstein: As we indicated in the press release, it was December 6th. Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed. Robin Farley: You guys have been very clear about you know the challenge really coming from Continental Europe, and I know that you historically don't give guidance for yields by brand or by region, but I wonder if just to make it easier for investors to compare sort of across the industry. Can you give us a little bit more insight into what your North American yield expectations are, just because I think you know we probably see some positive underlying yield performance there that maybe we can see the Continental European drag and just might be helpful if you can put some color around that? Thanks. Arnold Donald: As you know, we don't give yield guidance going forward at this time and they we're pre-wave, et ceta and we just don't do it. David Bernstein: I mean it's fair to say that we do expect the NAA brands to do better than the EA brands. For 2019 the actuals, as you could see -- it was 0.8% increase, NAA and EA was down 1.7%. Robin Farley: And I guess maybe just, I mean mathematically -- missed the color that you gave on the last eight weeks with volume being higher and price flat, unless there is some change in the environment from the last eight weeks that would suggest that things are trending positively in terms of how bookings are coming in now last eight weeks and sort of where we are now that directionally, if your volume is up and your price is in line. It seems like there would be positive yield following that, tempered by the fact that you obviously had bookings on there from before the last few weeks and the future cruise credits that you talked about and the Carnival issues that were in what's on the books already. But I mean, directionally, last eight weeks and forward, sounds like what's coming in positive territory. Is that mathematically fair to conclude? David Bernstein: That's mathematically fair, but I will say is 52 weeks in a year, that's eight weeks. And there's a lot left to go and wave season hasn't even started. So I just caution you will take every positive, but I just caution you, we got a lot left to go, and we're working very hard with all the initiatives that Arnold mentioned to impact the results positive. Operator: The next question comes from line of Harry Curtis with Instinet. Please proceed. Harry Curtis: So for the year, in 2019, your SG&A was up 1.2%. How do you see that trending for next year? It sounds like that focus on marketing is going to lift that percentage increase somewhat. And I'm trying to get a sense of, a better sense of what that might look like? Arnold Donald: I'll have David give you the actual percentage how they look at up real quickly. What we've done is we have the sourcing savings that we generate, and we choose the pass some to the bottom line and invest others. And we just, as I mentioned in my call notes, we've been very rigorous and getting more efficient, whether it's media spend, whether is the digital buyers, etc. So we've actually been able to increase our share of voice and without a direct correlated increase and cost. But yes, we are spending more. David Bernstein: And I know you're probably looking at the has reported P&L when you give that percentage is, remember, those are in current dollars, not constant currency. But to answer your question on advertising from '18 to '19 advertising was up double digits in constant currency. Harry Curtis: And you would expect that as well in 2020? David Bernstein: We're not giving detailed guidance on advertising alone just that the net cruise cost per ALBD is flat. Harry Curtis - Instinet Thank you. And then moving on to your CapEx, I just wanted to check, are you still for 2020 and '21 looking at about $5.5 billion each year? Beth Roberts: Well, there is a shift in the timing of the delivery schedule. David Bernstein - Carnival Corp So as a result of that we had originally talked about CapEx in 2019 being over $6 billion but that came down to $5.4 billion because -- the late delivery of the Costa Smeralda. So now what we're looking at for 2020 is $7 billion and for 2021 $5.7 billion in 2020 to $5.2 billion. Harry Curtis: And can you give us a sense of how much of that is renovation CapEx and maintenance CapEx? David Bernstein: So it's all of the non-new build CapEx is roughly 2 billion, give or take that includes renovation shore side ports destination development in everything. Harry Curtis: And that will be fairly constant looking ahead to '20 and '21? David Bernstein: Yes. Operator: The next question comes from line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed. Steve Wieczynski: Good morning guys, and happy holidays to all of you guys. So if we strip out the 0.5% impacts that you guys are talking about for hardware mix and then delays with some of your shift as well. Obviously, that's kind of -- on a like-for-like basis you're kind of guiding down about 0.5%. Am I thinking about and maybe I'm going crazy here, but I think you guys have talked about that you've been embedded typically at the start of each year, something in your guidance for other things to go wrong. Is that fair for this year as well? Meaning if that like-for-like down 5% yield guidance, do you have some cushion there for other potential events? Arnold Donald: I would call it cushion but yes, we do include in our guidance for things that go wrong. And as you can see already this year we're like barely a month into it and a number of things have. So we always include in our guidance and expectations for unusual events. In '19, we haven't included as well. And as you can see from all the results in '19 with the extraordinary number of unusual events and the heavy hit from Europe, which was unexpected, we missed original guidance net of fuel and currency volume since -- both we do factor in because things happen. Steve Wieczynski: And then I want to ask about your fuel guidance for this year. And it looks like there is around $300 million delta in your fuel guidance today versus when you gave kind of soft guidance back in September. I just want to understand what changed so much there over the last three months. David Bernstein: So back in September, we used the current prices for HFO and as well as MGO and everything else. But as we talked back in September, a lot of people were pointing out that the forward curve for HFO was a lot lower than the current price and we did not at that time speculate that that would happen, but it has in fact happened HFO has come down considerably. And that is now reflected in our current fuel guidance, and that represents 50% to 55% of our consumption. Steve Wieczynski: And then one other thing, we get a lot of questions about or gotten a lot of questions about recently is just as we kind of go into 2020 with the scrubber technology and stuff like that. And I just want to make sure you guys feel like you're in a pretty good spot at this point as we head into next year and I think one of the concerns out there is obviously around kind of this open versus closed loop type of technology. Just want to make sure you guys feel pretty comfortable that you're open-loop technology at some point won't be a headwind moving forward? Arnold Donald: First of all, I'll just with open-loop to put things in context that's in port you're talking 10% of what we use and even with that only a few courts have taken a hard position against open-loop, so at this point those positions are immaterial in terms of our earnings results. But more importantly than that, we feel strongly open-loop is a real plus from an environmental standpoint as an advanced air quality system technology and so we're doing the work to ensure that we educate ports around the world. So the look is available for use, even if it wasn't which is not going to happen. But even if it wasn't, you're talking about 10% of the fuel use and there are many ports that already have bought into the fact that open-loop is excellent advanced air quality approach. Operator: The next question comes from line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed. James Hardiman: So wanted to circle back to this idea that you had about 100 basis points of headwinds between the brand mix in some of the ship delays, so if I think about that underlying 50 basis points. Can you maybe walk me through how to think about that over the course of the year? I would assume that the Mardi Gras impact is a late year sort of an impact to yields. I'm guessing that would also be the case with respect to brand. I guess what I'm trying to get at is, if I think about that underlying growth number with respect to yields, does that actually accelerating over the course of the year based on the way you're guiding? David Bernstein: So it varies by quarter. So for the first quarter which I happen to have the numbers in detail, because we gave guidance, the impact of the unusual events is probably a little bit less than a half, but the mix impact the brand mix impact is a little bit greater than a half and it still turns out to be in total about 1% for the first quarter as it is 1% for the full year. I don't happen to have that 2Q, 4Q numbers handy, but if you get back to Beth she can give you more detail. James Hardiman: And then the commentary on working with shipyards to moderate some of the ships you have planned, maybe I was hoping you could get into a little bit more depth there what can realistically be done and how quickly can be done? Arnold Donald: So we're obviously in conversations with the When you have prototypes like we have with Smeralda, the situation is that it historically we've had occasional delays with prototypes. But we're with the yard, working with the yard and are in the process of negotiating what we need to do to ensure that future delivery is on time. James Hardiman: No, I guess I was speaking more towards the slowing of ships being built. Is that not sort of what you're aiming to do just given the environment or did I read that wrong? Arnold Donald: Not so much, the slowing of ships being built. We do have capacity plans over time that going to be less capacity. David Bernstein: But we are currently in a lot of discussions with the shipyard so let us continue those discussions and let us get back to you when we have more announcements we should get this. We'll get it done by the end of January. James Hardiman: And then just lastly for me, I think as we think about the European consumer being the primary headwind here. Can you quantify your exposure to that consumer? I think you talked about a 30% number-ish for 2019, obviously there are a lot of moving parts for 2020, is that number is still about 30%? Or is the movement of cost, does that bring that down a little bit? David Bernstein: I don't actually, for '19 have the numbers handy. Arnold Donald: I think sourcing was in terms of sourcing guess across all of our brands. I think it's about 50% source from outside the U.S. David Bernstein: Europe is about low '30s, yes James Hardiman: And that hasn't changed 2020 versus 2019? David Bernstein: Yes, correct. But I'm actually talking, when I say 30%, it's more revenue wise revenue and guests. But the revenue is what the exposure is the revenue wise. Operator: The next question comes from line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed. Assia Georgieva: I wondered whether if we look towards Q3 and Q4, having the seasonal markets and hopefully Europe Continental Europe coming better than it has in 2019. Should we see again the cadence of yield slightly increase relative to what we are looking at in Q1? David Bernstein: So I guess your big assumption there is that Continental Europe coming back and doing better, we're not necessarily assuming. We're just still assuming a continuation of the current trends in Continental Europe and Arnold talked about the overconcentration of supply in Alaska and the capacity increase in the third quarter and for us in the industry and as a result of that Assia Georgieva: And David that is why I didn't mentioned Alaska David Bernstein: Yes, we just, as you could see as I said before, our yield guidance for the rest of the year is similar to the first quarter and the full year in total for the three quarters. Now with that said, we're working hard. We have a lot of programs in place. And remember that fourth quarter is also hurricane season. Assia Georgieva: I do know that, given that we experience it every two years. In terms of Q4 this was a perfect segue. Mardi Gras being delayed and now being 2021 new-build, the capacity addition and Arnold I kind suspect you for having something to do with the name of the ship, wouldn't the shipyards provide compensation both for Smeralda in the Mardi Gras delay where they can offset some of the lost revenue in additional cost that you have incurred? Arnold Donald: Generally speaking, there is some settlements with the yard unfortunately those go into our balance sheet wherever they are, and so they don't show up in the income statement. So, from a shareholder standpoint we're often able to balance the operating income hit through the overall value of the firm, but it doesn't show up in the income statement. Operator: The next question comes from line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. Stephen Grambling: One quick follow-up, what are the expected proceeds from the two asset sales do you expect to gain on these and where they cash flow positive? David Bernstein: When you say you talked about the two ships we just announced the sale in 2020? Stephen Grambling: Yes David Bernstein: Yes, I mean, those will be announced over time. But you're talking -- I mean you're not talking about. But with a company that's got $5.5 billion to $6 billion of cash flow, that's not going to significantly move the needle if we sell two ships. Stephen Grambling: And will those effectively go into non-competing markets so they going out of service, we sold them to another cruise company. But generally speaking when we sell ships, they go to tour operators and other operators that don't have our brands and/or selling to different source markets and different types of products. So our belief is hopefully, they continue to expand and grow the market with their capacity as we do with our newbuilds. Operator: The next question comes from line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. Tim Conder: I wanted to circle back Arnold. I know, again the capacity, the rate of capacity growth that you all had in Germany and then the rate of capacity growth that some other competitors are doing, predominantly in the mid that has been a challenge to, but you can still grow earnings yet the pricing headwinds, I know it's a difficult question to answer, but when do you see the ability to maybe stabilized pricing in Europe? Then I guess, kind of taking a little derivative that in Alaska, it appeared that you all ceded price, your competitors largely gained price, and yet you have, as you mentioned and you and David has mentioned before also, you have a very great asset on the land side. What kind of should we anticipate over the next couple of years, the ability to grow that as that would help your yield mix and that's kind of I guess been a little bit of a headwind, both in '18 and '19? Arnold Donald: Yes, I'll give you answer directly your question then I think we want to just talk you through the capacity plans going forward for the next few years. I'll let David do that. But in general, we focus on earnings growth and return on invested capital. And so generally speaking for us collectively as a corporation to get that ultimately we'll need a little yield growth given the capital we're employing to build these new ships. And so we don't actually need a lot of yield growth, but we do need yield growth to get to the level of earnings growth we like to have and to get the elevated return on invested capital that we know is inherently capable in our business model. So with that in mind, if you look at Europe, again, what we've done in the guidance is simply projected the trends to continue. Now we're doing everything we can from a marketing standpoint, from a management standpoint, to try to deliver against that kind of an environment; if that environment changes, then clearly it's a tailwind; if the environment worsens, obviously, it would be headwind, to state the obvious. But I think over-time it's going to be a combination of -- there are cycles as you know that's going to be combination of the macro environment and our continued $1 billion, for example, in the case of Costa to replace the less efficient capacity, which is what we're in the process of doing and we have now accelerated that with much more efficient capacity, which in the case of Costa Smeralda for example. And so that's the plan. We're accelerating our process for Costa and we believe that's going to give us elevated over-time return on invested capital and earnings growth. In the case of our AIDA, which is in a very strong market is already one of the highest return brands we have and have been able to absorb a substantial amount of capacity and what otherwise would be a down overall travel market. We feel very confident about AIDA's ability to perform in terms of growing earnings and also a growing return on invested capital, although they're very high return on invested capital now. Dave, you might want to give the color to that performance. David Bernstein: So just looking at our total capacity increase next year is 6.6%. If you break that out by segment, the EA segment is up 8.4% and the NAA segment is up 5.5%. If you look at it by program; the Caribbean is kind of flattish, it's only up by like 1%; Europe is up double digits; Alaska is up almost 9% and all of the other markets are up double digits. And that gets back to the 6.6%. Arnold Donald: Again with Alaska, also, I just want to point out that over time we've had periods in other markets where we had overconcentration of supply. We think against the wall, we'll settle out there. And as I said, we're growing profitably there and we expect that to continue and eventually you'll probably see little yield lift over-time. Tim Conder: On the Alaska side, should we and also anticipate, again, you maybe bulking up a little on the land tour side, given your dominance there and how that should help the mix? Arnold Donald: We continue to invest in our properties there with limit in total expansion, just because of the nature of Alaska. But we are very happy we have a joint venture with Skagway, for example with the railroads. So we look for ways to expand our offerings that, that would overall help drive yield and additional profits, but it won't be able to grow at the rate that we've grown overall capacity . Tim Conder: And then on fuel -- two last questions here on fuel, on the third quarter call, you mentioned that that mix of MGO would gravitate up from the anticipated 33, 35 area to 40 in 2020 given IMO. And then today, you're saying 40 to 45. What's driving those changes, is it maybe some delays in getting scrubbers on, the timing in delivery of some of the LNG ships, is that the -- those 10% of ports that are focused only on the closed loop, just a little more color on that? Arnold Donald: Yes, itinerary plan is definitely not the 10% of ports or whatever, it's definitely not that. it is simply replaying itinerary plan. Tim Conder: And then lastly David on leverage just maybe any changes or just remind us of your targeted comfort leverage range? David Bernstein: So we finished the year at 2.11% in the debt-to-EBITDA ratio, but that's a bit lower than I probably quoted on in earlier conference call, but that had a lot to do with the delayed delivery of the Costa Smeralda. So with the ship delay, you also had the debt fall into the being drawn in the first quarter and at the end and given the midpoint of our guidance, we would be at 2.34% debt-to-EBITDA leverage in the range of what our target is 2 times to 2.5 times. Operator: The next question comes from line of Brandt Montour with JPMorgan. Please proceed. Brandt Montour: So just one more on Europe and I just want to dig into how we should kind of think about or how you guys kind of think about the demand side of the local European economies? And a lot of people are looking for reasons. We've seen some of these to be more positive on those economies into 2020 and later in 2020. And I guess from your experience just looking back at history when we see sort of a troughing and a rebound in those particular economies. How long do you think it usually takes to start seeing some of that impact in your bookings? Arnold Donald: I wouldn't speculate, because every situation is different. But what I would tell you is that all over-time obviously we're in the travel business and we expect travel over-time to continue to grow. At any point in time, there could be pockets of consumer confidence, crisis or decline in travel, et cetera, and that happens periodically. And as I said on the notes, we plan ahead, in this particular case we planned ahead and we walk right into a sudden turn in the market that have been robust for many, many years and is still a robust travel market. It is just that in a decline versus continue to grow as an overall travel market. It will pass through at some point, meanwhile we have to adapt. And I again, I just can't say enough about our people in terms of their ability to continue to produce results in that environment, and so we wouldn't speculate on when it will turn in our guidance. We just assume the trends will continue. David Bernstein: And I just want to point out the obvious. When it does start turning in the booking trends because of the -- we're booked well ahead, there is that delayed impact in the actual revenue in the P&L. Arnold Donald: On the other hand when it does turn, we're well positioned to take advantage of it. Brandt Montour: And then just -- we haven't talked about China at all. I was curious, your game plan for 2020, if it's going to change at all next year and maybe just an update on the charter model and sort of from your distribution standpoint there would be helpful. Arnold Donald: Once again, for us China is a very small percent of our capacity today. We're really focused on our joint venture. We are very pleased with our partners there and the progress with that and are looking forward to for us newbuild in China in 2023. But in terms of the market itself, we had a good year in China this year, teams done a great job. The Costa Venezia is performing very well as are the other ships there. And so we're looking for a good year in China this year. In terms of a charter model and all that, we continue to get more and more, so called kind of direct business but we are very pleased also with our charter partners in China. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Happy holidays. Very much appreciate your continued interest in the company. And be assured that we are looking forward to working hard to continuously elevate our performance. Thank you. Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-09-26 10:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
 Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. As you know, our company has been closely tied to the Bahamas for many decades and I'd like to extend our deepest concern for those affected by Hurricane Dorian, some of whom are our own employees and business partners. As a native of New Orleans, my family and I lived through a number of hurricanes and I can only imagine the hardships in the wake of this type of storm. Now we've already made meaningful contributions to the rebuilding efforts in the Bahamas, which were matched by the generosity of the Micky and Madeleine Arison Family Foundation. Our ships provided critically important supplies directly to the region very quickly as did our partnership with Tropical Shipping to collect and deliver needed supplies to the National Emergency Management Agency in the Bahamas. In fact, our entire industry has risen up at this time of need for our friends and partners in the Bahamas.
 Two of our private destinations in the region, Half Moon Cay and Princess Cays, both very popular destinations for our guests, thankfully sustained minimal damage and were up and running very quickly. Our joint venture, Grand Bahama Shipyard, although in the direct path, is also up and running with Bahamian residents back at work and providing much-needed economic contribution to the recovery of the island. As part of the recovery and rebuilding process, we remain fully committed to our 2 major new developments: our exciting Grand Bahama Island development and a second development on Half Moon Cay. Now we'll continue our support in the coming months and we have no doubt that the spirit of the Bahamian people will overcome and rebuild to be stronger and more resilient than ever.
 Now turning to our financial results. We delivered third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.63. That's higher than the midpoint of June guidance by $0.11 per share and $0.27 per share higher than last year's record results. For the full year, we are adjusting the midpoint of our adjusted earnings guidance by $0.05 and narrowing the guidance range from $4.25 to $4.35 to $4.23 to $4.27, primarily due to an $0.08 drag from fuel and currency. Lower unit costs, driven largely by our ongoing efforts to leverage our scale, more than offset voyage disruptions, which in part contributed to lower revenue yields than anticipated in our prior fourth quarter guidance. David will take you through our guidance in greater detail.
 Now I'd like to thank our 150,000 employees who go above and beyond every day as well as thousands of travel professionals who support our world-leading cruise brands. It was their efforts that enabled us to overcome an unusually high level of headwinds from economic malaise in some key countries in Europe, including heightened uncertainty around Brexit as well as the aforementioned voyage disruptions, resulting from shipyard delivery delays, hurricanes and rising geopolitical tensions, which necessitated close-in deployment changes in our high yielding destinations like Cuba and the Arabian Gulf.
 As we discussed last quarter, our EA segment, sourcing primarily U.K. and European guests and representing roughly 38% of our capacity, has continued to face heightened geopolitical and macroeconomic headwinds, which impacted our operating performance this year. Our Continental European team performed very well, especially given the environment and our growth in these markets has continued to outpace general travel. However, growing into the contracting travel markets does impact ticket prices. In light of the further deterioration in an already challenging economic environment in Continental Europe, heightened political uncertainty across the eurozone and reduced consumer confidence, we've been evaluating further opportunities to optimize future operating performance at Costa. We're deep into our evaluation and have already implemented an action plan to accelerate demand and right-size capacity, sourced from southern Europe by removing 2 ships from the Costa Europe fleet in fiscal 2020, followed by the Costa Mediterranea as previously disclosed, leaving the fleet in May of 2021. The capacity of these 3 smaller ships will be offset by the delivery of the extremely efficient 5,200-berth Costa Smeralda. Smeralda is the first new ship delivered for Costa in Europe in 5 years since Costa Diadema, which is still among the highest returning vessels in our entire fleet.
 In addition, the new Costa Firenze will head straight to China in September 2020. Combination of other moves will result in 2 Costa ships leaving the Far East base fleet by the end of 2020, including the previously disclosed Costa Atlantica. Also the planned and intentional rotation in the Costa fleet with the removal of these 5 smaller ships along with the addition of larger, more efficient ships by Costa Smeralda should provide the foundation to continue to improve the return profile of the Costa brand. This is an acceleration of our long-term strategy for Costa and will deliver reduction in capacity growth in southern Europe for 2021.
 In addition, we have taken actions on itinerary planning to optimize the current demand environment in southern Europe by reducing exotic itineraries along with their accompanying low-yielding repositioning cruises, replacing them with more convenient and affordable cruises closer to home and eliminating the costly air component. At the same time, this itinerary optimization provides further efficiencies by streamlining operating costs.
 Concerning Germany, as we indicated in June, land-based tour operator travel demand has trended down significantly this past year. While AIDA has grown double digits, but was unable to hold price in that environment. As we now know we were not alone in that experience, recently disclosed economic trends in Germany experienced a meaningful deceleration over that same time period.
 Despite the current headwinds, our AIDA brand has outperformed the German travel and cruise market and is among the highest returning brands in our portfolio with continued double-digit growth in operating income. AIDA is entering a period of slower cruise industry supply growth in Germany beginning in the second quarter, which should naturally foster to improve supply-demand balance in 2020.
 Turning to the U.K. It was unfortunate to see the recent news on Thomas Cook. We extend our deepest concern for those impacted employees and travelers, and of course, we will protect all our guests who are booked on P&O or Cunard. Despite ongoing uncertainty around Brexit over the past fiscal year, our U.K. brands have grown revenue yields and profits in 2019. As you would expect, we have seen greater volatility in bookings due to tensions between the U.K. and Iran necessitating the withdrawal of high-yielding Arabian Gulf voyages very close-in as well as the no-deal Brexit headlines and the resulting negative impact on consumer confidence. Having said that, U.K. consumers have consistently proven to value their holidays through cycles and we are well positioned to capture our share of holiday spend given the greater certainty provided by our pound sterling denominated vacations. We believe our U.K. business is well positioned going into 2020, with bookings well ahead of the prior year. And that's with both our existing fleet and for Iona, the first new ship for our U.K. brand in 5 years and the largest ever purpose-built ship for the U.K., which will be delivered just before the peak summer season.
 Now as we expected, Iona is booking at significant premium to our other U.K. ships on a comparable basis. We remain confident we will continue to outperform the overall travel market despite the ongoing challenges in the U.K. and in Continental Europe. We build 30-year assets and take decisions many years in advance fully aware that we cannot time the economic cycle that we deliver them into. Accordingly, we assume every ship will see more than 1 recession in its 30-year life. As we're demonstrating in southern Europe, if we find these headwinds to be more than temporary in nature, we can and will make the changes necessary to grow profitably. As we've shown in the past, we believe our cruise brands will continue to be recession resilient given the low penetration levels of cruise, attractive value proposition and high satisfaction levels relative to land-based vacation alternatives.
 In North America, demand for our brands in the core Caribbean product remains particularly strong and that's despite the disruption caused by the suddenness of the U.S. government's policy change for travel to Cuba. Also, we are beginning to see a lift in ticket price from our MedallionClass as we ramp up our marketing efforts in that trade and as we continue to expand Medallion throughout the Princess fleet. While demand for travel to Alaska is certainly healthy, we believe there is a temporary overconcentration of supply in 2019, considering the 15% industry-wide capacity increase. Nonetheless, Alaska remains a high-yielding market for us. With the 2019 season coming to a close, we're already working to create demand for our brands to meet the more than 8% capacity increase expected in 2020.
 Our brands offer the best way to see Alaska, particularly when paired with our land-based products. We have 5 brands serving the contemporary, premium and luxury segments through 18 ships ranging in size from 450 berths to 3,600 berths. We have the largest share of the cruise capacity in Alaska and even larger share of the premium land-based cruise to our product, primarily through Princess and HAL, who have long been leaders in Alaska. We're unique in our position in Alaska as we own and operate a combined land and cruise experience. We own 10 lodges. Our 3 largest were purpose built to combine with our cruise products and offer our guests the best and broadest experience at Denali National Park. We have an exclusive rail service with a fleet of 20 dome cars that scenically and seamlessly transfer our guests between the ships and our lodge network. We have more weekend cruise departures, including more round trip options from Seattle, Vancouver, Los Angeles and San Francisco. We offer more days in port and more opportunity to see glaciers as well as other unique highly sought after cruise tour programs to more remote locations, including Canadian Yukon tours and Tundra tours.
 Princess is #1 in taking more guests to Alaska than any other cruise line and Holland America Line just won the Cruise Critic -- Cruisers' Choice Award for the best in Alaska as awarded by consumers. Holland America Line will step up the guest experience even further in Alaska beginning in summer 2020 with Koningsdam, one of its newest ships. In fact, our cruise portfolio coupled with our land-based footprint provides an unrivaled strategic advantage in Alaska and we are ramping up our marketing effort to leverage that and to step up our communication with the trade and consumers to drive greater awareness around Holland America and Princess as the best ways to experience Alaska.
 On the cost side, we remain focused on driving savings through our ongoing efforts to leverage our industry-leading scale. We're ahead of plan and now expect to deliver $115 million, better than the $75 million originally projected and bringing the cumulative total to $470 million. As always, if we see an opportunity to drive demand and generate a return, we will invest.
 On the leadership front, we are excited to announce that Peter Anderson has joined us as Head of Ethics and Compliance. That's a new role that is bringing together functions and people that were previously distributed across the corporation and complementing that with new talents, roles and processes to help take us to best-in-class and broad-based compliance. Peter, whose background is a former federal prosecutor along with a wide breadth of experience, including as a court-appointed monitor will report directly to me.
 Also, on the sustainability front, AIDAperla will be fitted with the first lithium-ion battery storage system ever deployed on a cruise ship to power the cruise ship's propulsion and operation for limited periods of time. This will complement other industry-leading technology we've already deployed to reduce emissions, including cold ironing and the use of LNG. In fact, AIDAnova, the first ship in the cruise industry to be solely powered by LNG, was recently named the first ever cruise ship to be awarded the Blue Angel Certification by Germany's Federal Ministry for the Environment for its environmentally-friendly ship design. These efforts are all part of our ongoing industry leadership to proactively develop innovative solutions for environmentally-friendly operations.
 We pioneered the use of advanced air quality systems to reduce emissions and we have an additional 10 next-generation LNG cruise ships on order. As you are fully aware, we are truly a global company with nearly 50% of our guests sourced outside of the U.S. We have a leading presence in every established market for cruise travel with over 6 million cruise guests annually sourced outside the U.S. The global aspect of our business has produced our industry-leading position with over $5 billion of annual cash from operations, attractive returns on capital and the strongest balance sheet in our industry.
 Being global has proven to be a positive. However, we are subject to uneven economies around the world in the short run. We've taken a number of steps to drive results going forward and our deepened analysis considering additional actions to mitigate any ongoing headwinds. Now we're positioning ourselves for 2020 and beyond and will provide further guidance for next year in December. Over time, we continue to expect to achieve the double digit return on invested capital that we believe our business is inherently capable of delivering. Should some of these headwinds prove to be more than short term in nature, as we have always said, we can and will bring capacity more in line with demand if it makes economic sense to do so. And we've already begun to do so in southern Europe as I shared in these comments.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to David. 
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note, all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2019 third quarter results, then I'll provide an update on our full year 2019 guidance and finish up with some insight on 2020 booking trends and a few other things to consider for 2020.
 As Arnold indicated, our adjusted EPS for the third quarter was $2.63. This was $0.11 above the midpoint of our June guidance. The improvement was driven by favorability in net cruise costs without fuel, the majority of which was due to the timing of expenses between the quarters, while the remainder was due to cost improvements, which we'll realize during the quarter.
 Now let's look at our third quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 5.8%. Our North America and Australia segment, more commonly known as our NAA brands, was up 1.7%, while our Europe and Asia segment, more commonly known as our EA brands, was up 13%. Our total net revenue yields were down 0.5%.
 Now let's break apart the 2 components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were down 1.3%. Our NAA brands were up almost 1% driven by yield improvements in the Caribbean, while our EA brands were down 3.5%. Net onboard and other yields increased over 2% with increases on both sides of the Atlantic.
 In summary, our third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.27 higher than last year, driven by the benefit from 5.8% capacity growth, 3.2% lower net cruise cost per ALBD excluding fuel and finally, $0.06 from the accretive impact of the stock buyback program.
 So now let me provide you an update on our full year 2019 September guidance. Our adjusted EPS for 2019 is $4.23 to $4.27 versus $4.26 for 2018. The midpoint of our September guidance is $0.05 lower than the midpoint of our June guidance. There are a number of puts and takes driving the changes in our guidance.
 First, Hurricane Dorian, tensions in the Arabian Gulf and the previously announced delayed delivery of Costa Smeralda cost $0.04 to $0.06. Second, lower fourth quarter net revenue yields are forecast to cost $0.06 driven by a combination of lower net ticket yields and lower net onboard and other revenue yields. We continue to expect our NAA brand yields to be up for the year, but slightly less than our previous guidance, while our EA brands are still expected to be down for the year, but slightly more than our previous guidance. Third, the combined impact of fuel price and currency cost $0.08, fuel price is $0.07 and currency is $0.01. All of this was offset by $0.07 from our cost improvement efforts, which were finalized during the third quarter as well as an additional $0.07 of favorability related to depreciation expense, the growth accretive impact of our stock buyback program and a variety of other items.
 Turning to 2020 booking trend. At this point in time, our cumulative advanced bookings for the first half of 2020 are ahead of the prior year on occupancy at prices that are aligned with last year. Now let's drill down into the cumulative booked position for the first half of 2020. Cumulative advance bookings for our NAA brands are higher than the prior year on occupancy and in line on price, while cumulative advance bookings for our EA brands are in line with the prior year on both occupancy and price.
 Now turning to the full year. While it is early, at this point in time, cumulative advance bookings for the full year 2020 are also ahead of the prior year on occupancy, at prices that are also in line with the prior year. During the fourth quarter 2019, you will see a step-up versus prior year in our promotional activity focused on 2020 bookings, which is one of the reasons for the increase in the fourth quarter 2019 net cruise cost per ALBD excluding fuel in our September guidance.
 And finally, a few other things to consider for 2020. We are forecasting a capacity increase of 7%. Given the 2020 capacity increase by brand, we will have a negative mix impact of approximately 0.5% for both the first half and full year 2020, which will impact our reported net revenue yields. For those of you who are modeling 2020 using fourth quarter September guidance fuel prices and FX rates, the impact of lower fuel prices and the stronger dollar will unfavorably impact 2020 by about $0.07. Lower fuel prices are a favorable $0.01, while currency is an unfavorable $0.08. In addition, on the fuel side, we previously indicated for 2020, we would increase our usage of MGO as a percent of our total fuel consumption as a result of the new IMO sulfur emission regulations, which go into effect on January 1, 2020.
 Again, using fourth quarter September guidance fuel prices, the fuel mix impact of the higher priced MGO will unfavorably impact 2020 by $0.24. We currently anticipate MGO to represent approximately 40% of our fuel consumption in 2020 versus approximately 20% in 2019. For clarity, the fuel price impact and the fuel mix impact are additive when modeling 2020. The fuel price impact is done by grade, so we do 1 calculation for HFO price changes and 1 calculation for MGO price changes. While the fuel mix impact, we calculate the change in fuel expense due to the change in type of fuel grade we use. In this case, the change from approximately 20% MGO to approximately 40% MGO.
 Please note that given the new IMO regulations, it is even more uncertain at this point in time than most years what next year's pricing will be for either HFO or MGO. Keep this in mind when using the year-over-year impacts we calculated using the fourth quarter September guidance fuel prices. Let me give you the current rules of thumb for fuel price changes by fuel grade based, again, on fourth quarter September guidance fuel prices.
 For HFO, a 10% change in the current spot price represents an $0.11 impact for 2020 with the impact evenly spread across the 4 quarters of the year. For MGO, a 10% change in the current spot price represents a $0.12 impact for 2020, again, the impact is evenly spread across the 4 quarters of the year. Fuel expense for 2020 using fourth quarter September guidance fuel prices would be $1.79 billion for the full year versus $1.58 billion for 2019. We currently expect depreciation to be around $2.41 billion for 2020 versus $2.16 billion for 2019. For net interest expense, our current expectation for 2020 is around $220 million versus $190 million for 2019. We will provide the remainder of the guidance metrics for 2020 during our December earnings call as we normally do each year.
 And now, I'll turn the call over to Arnold. 
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Okay, we'll move on to the next question. Our next question is from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. 
Jared Shojaian: So the guidance for this year suggests EPS could potentially contract for using the low end. And just based on what you've told us so far with our booking commentary, your fourth quarter yields exiting this year, the fuel headwind, do you think it's reasonable that earnings could contract in 2020 as well? And then, how are you thinking about the dividend in that context? Is there a max leverage that you're willing to entertain to continue to fund the current rate? 
Arnold Donald: Thank you. It's way too early to give guidance for 2020. There's a lot of noise out there and we'll be well prepared to give guidance on the next call. So that would be my answer concerning the guidance. And we're going to work hard, obviously, to deliver in the fourth quarter with all the things that happened, all the noise out there. We're within striking distance of previous guidance for the full year. 
David Bernstein: And as far as the dividend's concerned, we've said this many times that our dividend payout ratio, we target 40% to 50%. So in the past, we have seen situations where when earnings went down, the payout ratio went up. But we believe that 40% to 50% target is sustainable in the long run and that's why we chose that. And with the strong balance sheet, we believe that the dividend is sustainable at that level. Of course, we wouldn't raise the dividend until we saw earnings go back up. 
Jared Shojaian: Got it. Okay. And then as we look at CapEx for this year, this is a record year and next year is similar to this year in terms of elevated CapEx. But right now, obviously, you don't have any earnings growth. Next year, I think could potentially look kind of similar. I know you're not -- you don't want to give guidance on 2020 right now, but then your ROIC is also now declining. I know these are 2 important metrics for you. So at what point do you start to meaningfully reduce capacity? I know you mentioned some tweaks here and there with Costa, but those don't necessarily appear to be needle movers to your overall capacity. I mean, correct me if I'm wrong on that, but at what point do you start to get a little bit more aggressive on reducing some of the capacity here? 
Arnold Donald: We'll look at it brand by brand, trade by trade, which is what we always do. I think, again, we haven't given guidance for the next year. We've had a lot of strength where we have had capacity increase, for example, in Germany with our AIDA brand where we had substantial capacity increase there. And obviously, with all the things going on, there's some pressure on yields in different places, but we'll monitor for overtime. We introduce, we plan ahead on capacity, the ships we have were planned some years ago. We can't always time them perfectly with economic cycles within a given country or even trade, but the assets are mobile and we build 30-year assets. We know that those 30-year assets have individually faced various recessions over that 30-year period of time. But overall, we're building capacity and managing capacity to produce results over time. 
Beth Roberts: And in terms of the capacity growth, as we look at 2022, it -- sorry, 2021, it looks to be 5.3%, which is well below the over 6% increase we had expected just 3 months ago. 
Arnold Donald: And the capacity moves we make are material for within the trade and the brands that we make. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. 
Steven Wieczynski: So you gave a lot of commentary around 2020 at this point. I know it's still early. I know you're not going to give guidance. But the commentary you had in the release about booking volumes and pricing since June coming down, I guess, is really causing some concern. And I guess, can you help us break down maybe,, which markets or geographies have weakened in terms of bookings since we heard from you back in June? 
David Bernstein: So the hard part about looking at the booking volumes and pricing since June is all the noise that is out there in the bookings. Remember, we had the Cuba situation, we had the Carnival Vista, Hurricane Dorian, tensions in the Arabian Gulf. We had to change the itineraries for Oceana. So with all that noise, it is very difficult to read through. And it's one of the reasons why there's a little bit greater degree of uncertainty and why we feel uncomfortable trying to give guidance for 2020 at this point. 
Arnold Donald: Just to reemphasize what David is saying, we did have Dorian the hurricane, we had the Arabian Gulf, we had ship delays Smeralda now, that's going to impact us on the top line with liquidated damages. Cash flow wise, we're going to be good with that, but there is other ramifications of that in terms of future cruise credits and short-term impacts. You've got the no-deal Brexit situation, obviously. The environment in the U.K. for tourists not as positive as it was. There's a clear change in Germany where the travel market is down. We've outperformed in Germany versus -- the travel market, land versus cruise, but nonetheless, this is a constrained environment. Persistent economic malaise in the rest of the Continental Europe, just had a fuel price spike and then future cruise credits from Cuba and Vista so all of those things and then on top of that a tougher comparison in the fourth quarter versus Cuba although the Caribbean is very strong. Cuba pricing last year in the fourth quarter is not available to us in this fourth quarter. So all those things paint a picture with a lot of noise in it. And with all of that, the results had us within striking distance of the guidance we gave in June on our earnings basis, and we're preparing to take on the headwinds next year and be positioned well. 
Steven Wieczynski: But I guess, if we -- if I add on to your European business, I guess, the question would be, the pressures that you're seeing over in Europe, will that be more related to macro issues or is that more related to overcapacity? Or is that basically an equal balance of both of the issues? 
Arnold Donald: I think there's no question the macro environment constrains the ability to grow capacity and grow yields at the same time, there's a constraint on that. And then you've got the geopolitical things where again, we had -- it's not just a matter of planning, it's a matter of these sudden changes. So when you have Oriana having to suddenly change an itinerary that was well booked and then change to a different itinerary that you now have to book with a much shorter booking window and the similar kind of situation would happen in some instances with Cuba and with the hurricanes, those dynamics create a lot of noise. Now, we always plan for some things to go wrong. This year, we've had kind of a plethora of things that has overwhelmed even our planning and it's just that we're dancing with. But longer-term, Europe is a strong market, it's true. In the short term, we over index. I guess we have 3x the number of guests, say, that Royal would have. Ex-U.S., we have 10x normally that NCL will have ex-U.S. So anything that's not going well there, we get more impacted. But the reality is, on the longer-term, it served us well. And we have the strongest balance sheet with the largest of scale and we have great returns overall. 
Steven Wieczynski: And maybe if I could ask one more quick one for David. David, can you expand a little bit more in terms of what you were referring to in the fourth quarter in terms of higher, I don't know if you said marketing or advertising costs? And I guess, what I'm getting at here is, can you maybe help us also think about the promotional environment that's out there today and that doesn't mean you're going to get promotional on price, I assume? 
Arnold Donald: No, no. That -- first of all, the only comment is, we're investing to create the demand given the fact, we have a 7% capacity increase coming in next year. And we're going to pre-invest, of course, in wave season to make sure we're doing everything we can to create the demand environment we need to be successful in that. That's the overarching term and it's not promotional like discounting and so on. But -- go ahead, David. 
David Bernstein: Yes. I guess, in hindsight, I should have used the word advertising. It was relating -- my comment was relating to net cruise cost being higher in the fourth quarter and that being driven to some extent by the higher advertising on a year-over-year basis. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Harry Curtis with Instinet. 
Harry Curtis: I wanted to follow up on the capacity that's shifting out of your markets. I mean, first of all, that's -- it's not a huge amount of capacity, but where is it going? 
Arnold Donald: The shifts that we were talking about in the Costa, I'm assuming that's what you're referring to, different places, some are being sent to China, some are being sent to other markets where we have strength and... 
David Bernstein: And some are leaving the fleet. 
Arnold Donald: And some are leaving the fleet, some are being sold. 
Harry Curtis: Okay. So as a -- going back to Jared's question, does it make sense to not just sell these ships, but to actually retire some of the old capacity because that would theoretically give you an opportunity to lift pricing on the next tier up and improve brand image, for example? Is that being considered? 
Arnold Donald: First of all, our brands do not have tarnished images. The brands are strong and they're doing really well. We don't sail people on old, tired ships. The ships have to resonate with the guests. And so any ship we have, you could say they're maybe 100-year old hotel, but it could still be a pristine hotel with great service and so on and so forth. So that's the first thing. Second thing is in terms of disposing our ships, when we sell them, we don't sell them into competing markets. So we're not selling ships into markets where we're going to be competing directly with it. So that capacity is not only leaving our fleet, it's, generally speaking, leaving the market that we're operating in. And when I say market, I mean the type of cruise that we do and the type of travel experience that we're marketing. So those will be the 2 comments. But again, if we get to the point where we feel there's a need to, we're not afraid to scrap a ship or if there's not a market that's outside of our market to sell it to. At this point, again, we feel pretty confident that we are on the right path. We obviously are examining very closely every segment and every trade to see if there is additional moves we need to make. We saw a persistence of economic malaise in Continental Europe, especially southern Europe and persistence over time. Costa has been improving its performance over time and kudos to our team there because they've done a very good job this past year and with all the other dynamics going on right now, we felt it was smart to replace some of the capacity we currently have with much more efficient capacity, which is Costa Smeralda and so as opposed to adding net capacity, we'll be replacing capacity with much more efficient capacity and that will give us some help both from an operating expense standpoint, but also moderating capacity for the next period of time here so we can continue to improve the performance of Costa. 
Harry Curtis: Very good. And just my last question is related to kind of renovation and maintenance CapEx expense this year and maybe -- and looking out to 2020 and 2021, I believe you're spending between maintenance and renovation CapEx about $2 billion. How is that likely to trend in 2020 and 2021? And what are you trying to achieve, particularly with your renovation CapEx? What inning are you in with respect to upgrading some of the existing fleet? 
David Bernstein: So the number should be pretty consistent in '20 and '21 as we move out. Some of that in addition to CapEx for the fleet will go towards port development. Yesterday, we put out the press release about our port facilities in Grand Bahama. And as far as the -- what inning we're in, you got to take a look at every brand. There's a little bit different, has different average age. I mean, some of the brands have, as Arnold tried to indicate in his comments, have continually maintained their ship and continually retrofitted them to keep consistency across the fleet. So there's always more to do as time goes on, but we feel that we're in good shape and good consistency across each one of our brands at this point, but we'll never be done. It's an ongoing process. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. 
Felicia Hendrix: David, can you just give us some more color on your NAA brands for the remainder of 2019? It just sounds like that segment got incrementally worse since the last time you updated us, and I was just wondering what was driving that. 
David Bernstein: So the NAA brands, there's a lot of things going on there between Cuba and Vista and Hurricane Dorian, a lot of noise and a lot of challenges in North America. We saw challenges in late season Alaska as well. And so overall, as we have said in our prepared remarks, we had taken the guidance down $0.06. That was attributed both to North America and the EA brands. 
Arnold Donald: Overall -- oh, I'm sorry, go ahead. 
David Bernstein: Yes. No, no. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, I was just going to say, overall, again, the Caribbean is very strong. And overall, we have increase in yields for the year in NAA brands. It's, I guess, in the forecast is down slightly from what it was, but we have increase in yields in NAA brands overall for the year. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Because my -- the crux of my -- okay, so Cuba and -- so for Cuba and Vista, those were issues that you knew about last quarter. So like if I could bucket things out or segment things out, it sounds like just maybe some of the noise there is lingering a little bit more than you thought. Is that... 
Arnold Donald: It's a combination of things. So yes, we knew about them. But you have future cruise credits and when those get claimed or not claimed, et cetera. And then just because of the suddenness of them, it changes rebooking and booking curves and it creates noise. And so, there is a lot of noise there. But again, since you're talking Cuba and you're talking Vista, I do want to point out that the Caribbean is very strong. 
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you for that because I think one of the other items that you threw in there was Hurricane Dorian and I just think that there's been a concern out there that post Hurricane Dorian, there's been a booking lull and that might not -- that might have an extended impact into 2020. So that might be a segue into 2020 also because some of your language changed there, too. So if we could maybe just focus on that one driver how you're seeing things. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. We're not giving guidance. We've talked about the booking trends already for the first half of 2020, but I would say it relates more to the comments about the last 6 months of booking trends where you have all this noise in there that -- and we're sorting all that out to see exactly where we are, but the booking trends we shared for the first half of next year, we're ahead and in line on prices. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. But -- I know you're not giving guidance for 2020, but for 2020, the language changed a little bit too because the bookings are now ahead versus well ahead and is that just mainly from EA or is it noise that you're -- continued noise you're seeing in the Caribbean? 
David Bernstein: That was more the North America -- the NAA brands, but it has to do with the booking activity during the third quarter. But both the booking activity during the third quarter was down in both the North America and the EA brand, but we're still ahead. 
Felicia Hendrix: Right. Okay. And just on Alaska, just look, I know the industry is going to grow supplying Alaska high single digits next year, but it is significantly less than the industry grew this year. So is there an opportunity for you in Alaska to do better year-over-year? I know it's really early. 
Arnold Donald: It's early, but clearly, less capacity growth creates additional opportunity, but mainly for us, we're investing, as I mentioned in my comments, to make certain that the true advantage we have in Alaska with our strong brands is effectively communicated and recognized. But our brands are doing really well. It's a high return market for us. It's a high-yielding market. Back at the -- 5 years ago, there was temporary overconcentration of supply in the Caribbean, similar kind of capacity increased and things went south on yield for a bit, but today, the Caribbean is very strong, well above the peak pricing, previous peak, well above that base 5 years ago with substantially more capacity in it. And we think over time, Alaska will probably play out the same way. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And final -- just final clarification on something. I thought you guys had previously said that your IMO, MGO mix was 70-30. So now it's 60-40. What changed? 
David Bernstein: No, we had said about 35% approximately. Remember, we always round these numbers. It did move up a couple of percentage points. We took -- we refined the number by taking into account usage in port as well as the commissioning time for some of the installations of advanced air quality systems that are yet to come. 
Felicia Hendrix: And is there a chance that the pricing, the IFO pricing improves from what you're seeing now because, I guess, those gets lower such as you anticipated. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, if we knew a week of forecast, fuel prices would be in pretty good shape. But the reality is that it can improve, it can get worse. 
David Bernstein: If you look at the forward curve, the forward curve will tell you that it will be significantly lower in the January-ish time frame. However, I won't say the forward curve is always a good predictor. So I'm not here to forecast, but I can't give you that fact. And the other thing that I do want to point out on the fuel mix with MGO, we have said this before that as we continue the installation of the advanced air quality systems, we'll see that 40% decline over time back towards the 20%. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. But -- so you're not using the forward curve to put your -- in your forecast today? 
David Bernstein: No, I was very specific. We used the current spot prices that we used for fourth quarter guidance. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: I wanted to ask a little bit about your comments about the early 2020 commentary and how bookings have been in the last 3 months. I guess, I'm thinking about maybe what that rate of decline has been. And I wonder if you could give us a little color on North America, which may be disrupted in the last month by a lot of storms and flooding and things that would maybe be more temporary versus maybe some of the things in Continental Europe that you've talked about that maybe you would expect to continue. Just to try and get a feel for how that rate have changed from here forward assuming that volumes for -- from North American passengers recover to normal levels kind of after hurricane disruption and then also, the German market, just thinking about the fact that there's less supply -- much lower rate of supply growth next year in Germany, do you have a kind of an early take on -- is that shaping up to be better even though I know your general commentary in the last 3 months hasn't been? 
Arnold Donald: Okay. So I'll start and then David and Beth may have some comments as well. First of all, let's start with your last one first, which is Germany. Again, I want to give our team kudos because they've totally outperformed the travel industry in Germany and they've outperformed the rest of the cruise industry in Germany. But clearly, there's been a change in consumer sentiment and overall the travel market has declined in the face of substantial capacity increase that we have this year. Looking forward to next year, there's less capacity growth for us and for the industry. So that bodes well. Germany was able to grow their earnings this year even with the noise and the background and so on. And so I think our team is well positioned to try to drive results next year and we have to see how deep and extensive, whatever the malaise is in Germany, but we'll persist to see how it would affect us, but there's definitely opportunity in Germany. The rest of Europe is, as we said, we made the modifications that will impact later in '20 for the Costa brand, but the U.K. has -- did have some short-term disruptions recently with the Arabian Gulf situation. The geopolitical tension caused us to change itineraries and shorten the list of ships, I've already talked about, that has an impact on these reported numbers that we're summarizing in bookings over the last 3 months and so on and so forth. And there's also future cruise credits involved and what have you. But overall, the U.K. market is strong and as I mentioned on the call, the U.K. consumer tends to still have a good healthy appetite for holiday and vacation and cruise even when things go not as well there from an economy standpoint as you might like. Also we do have the benefit with P&O and that's one of the advantageous of having a national brands, that it is pound-sterling based. And so it can avoid a lot of the currency fluctuation things that can impact choice of travel that other offerings might have. And if you move into North America, again, the Caribbean is very strong. Carnival brand continues to perform really well, but they've performed even better without the noise, absolutely, but the reality is strong. And North America is going into next year. We're going to study very closely to see what's happening overall. You see some general softness from a lot of this noise and geopolitical noise and other things are even happening today, but it's far too early to predict and give guidance on that. 
David Bernstein: Yes, and I think we should stop there because by giving more specificity relating to all these booking trends will provide information to -- far more information than I really want to give to our competitors at this point in time. 
Robin Farley: Okay, that's fine. And then just -- I don't know if you have any comments on Thomas Cook and whether that taking that supply out of the -- the sort of broader vacation market and tour operator market in the U.K. Will -- is that ultimately do you think give an opportunity in terms of picking up share of the vacation market when you think about previous times the tour operators have come out of the market? I know it's been a couple of years, but I don't know if you have any thoughts around that? 
Arnold Donald: We don't have any predictions around the ramifications. It's kind of a sad day because obviously a lot of employees have been impacted and a number of travelers are being impacted as we said in my comments, that we're protecting all of those that were booked on P&O or Cunard and people will still travel in U.K. and they'll find a way to do that, and does it -- in the end bode even better for cruise versus not or for us versus others that at this point, I don't have a comment on. 
Robin Farley: Maybe just a last question on that point is when you just -- when you think about your distribution in the U.K., are you able to replace what you have been distributing through them through other channels and through direct channels? Or do you expect any kind of change in your distribution? 
Arnold Donald: I think from ability to book, yes, we're in a healthy situation and we'll be able to adapt to the change and be able to continue to perform, and our U.K. brands are performing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with JPMorgan. 
Brandt Montour: So just a quick question on the commentary around fourth quarter net yield growth. I think you mentioned, David, that you're penciling in lower onboard growth. Just kind of remind us sort of what's the onboard growth range you guys generally put one quarter out? And is there something you're seeing with your onboard passengers kind of in the near term that is causing you to be a little more cautious there? 
Arnold Donald: Yes. Real quick about that. I'd like to just point out that onboard both NAA and EA, both segments once again is up this year over last year. And I think there's only been 1 year in the 47, 48 years we've existed that onboard revenues haven't increased and they're up again. So that's the overarching comment on onboard revenues, but I'll let David answer your specific question about the modifier and the guidance. 
David Bernstein: So typically, in our guidance, we provide something around 2-ish, plus or minus depending on the quarter, itineraries and other things. So in this particular case, we're just -- they're still up in the fourth quarter. We were just saying that they wouldn't be up quite as much as we had in the June guidance in the fourth quarter and some of that had to do with onboard credits relating to Cuba, which were given to people onboard the ship. I think we got the total Cuba impact correct. The split between onboard and ticket may have been off a little bit. There may have been some other noise in the numbers, but we're talking about small movements here and just trying to give people some direction. 
Arnold Donald: And to be candid with you, we can't really forecast on our revenues. So we'll see what happens in the  [ TAM ] so working to drive onboard revenue. 
Beth Roberts: So what is impacting onboard revenue has been in part occupancy led given all of the near-term inventory that's been put into the market and the pricing discipline that the brands are trying to maintain, we are a little bit marginally lower on the occupancy in our forecast versus the last one, which has a knock-on impact on onboard revenue. 
Brandt Montour: That's very helpful. And then just quickly to circle back on the advertising commentary. Just where sort of regionally or brand-specific, where do you think that those dollars will be focused the most? And then can you give us a sense or maybe the cost benefit announced around stepping up that marketing spend and what that really can do for you when you've done this in the past? 
Arnold Donald: Providing that level of detail we'll probably be going past the line we don't want to go in terms of revealing versus competitive stuff. But bottom line is, we use the word term advertising broadly. It's a combination of efforts to create demand. And there's obviously some obvious markets that you would anticipate that going into. So I'll let you just anticipate those. 
Beth Roberts: We'll take 1 or 2 more questions because we will go over. 
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Timothy Conder: I just want to circle back on the North America. I mean, did you lump Dorian in with several other items, is there a way to break out the Dorian impact on -- from the consumer side to fiscal '19 here? And then, any comment you can give or anything related to your impact at the Grand Bahama Shipyard for your ownership position? And then, how that may disrupt your dry dock schedules from that? 
Arnold Donald: Yes, I'll talk about the shipyard real quickly, our joint venture there. The shipyard, we're finalizing reviews of exactly what we want to do in terms of the dock that was damaged. That decision will be made relatively shortly. That decision is being made in mind with all of the partners desirous to ensure that we have the most cost-effective dry dock available for those that are coming up to be scheduled. So we're in the middle of finalizing all that with the partners. Hasn't yet been finalized, but it's being finalized in the context of making certain that we are cost-effective in the repair or new build, whichever way we go in and then ultimately, servicing the needs of the various partners in the yard. 
David Bernstein: So -- and it's fair to say, the shipyard is up and running as we speak today, servicing ships, there are ships there. I believe they did put out a press release indicating that. So people are back to work, contributing to the economic viability of the island. And as far as Hurricane Dorian is concerned, I mean, it had an impact on our business. We had a couple of canceled cruises and a couple of cruises where we had to change itineraries and change the embarkation day. We haven't seen anything that is different about this particular hurricane than any other in terms of booking trends or anything else. We always see some noise in the booking trends as a result of each and every hurricane. 
Timothy Conder: Okay. And David, on that specifically, could you -- is there any specific number you can put on the impact for canceled cruises, cruise credits, whatever related to Dorian in '19? I guess, that would help give color on some of the prior questions that have been -- that I think everyone's trying to focus on North America? And then, one other thing I'd like to ask, if you wouldn't mind, thank you for the color on Europe. You did mention Asia in your press release. Can you talk about any weakening that you're seeing there? How much of that is due to higher capacity from the industry, yourselves, putting some older Costa ships there? Or are you seeing maybe a reduction in Chinese outbound travel for cruising in Asia, Australia or U.K. guests who would go to Asia? Just any additional color on Asia in general there? 
Arnold Donald: I think the press release refers to the segment and it's the way we define the segment, we say Europe and Asia. And if you look at the business in Asia, it's been very strong this year. We're up overall. And so we've had a very good year in Asia both in China and in Japan. And so Asia for us has been a good business this year. So we have not seen weakness in Asia this year. 
David Bernstein: And we did say that the combined Dorian, the delay delivery of Costa Smeralda and the tensions in the Arabian Gulf cost us $0.04 to $0.06 in the fourth quarter. What was interesting is, remember, the Arabian Gulf itineraries just changed in late October. So Dorian and Smeralda were a bigger part of that $0.04 to $0.06. 
Arnold Donald: One last question. 
Operator: And our final question is from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: Given all the headwinds you're talking to in 2020, I guess, what are the levers you have to more aggressively cut cost and protect profitability, such as what you saw a little bit in this quarter? Maybe, I'll ask another way. What's the range of net cruise cost to think about should the environment remain weak or even deteriorate further? 
Arnold Donald: Again, we won't give guidance on cost. What I can tell you is, historically, we've set the target $75 million to $80 million just from sourcing improvements. And this year I think as I've reported will be well north of $100 million, like it's $115 million of savings this year. How much of that we put to the bottom line and how much we choose to reinvest to create demand, that's part of our internal planning process, which we'll be wrapping up here in a few weeks. And so, as we look ahead, we see continued opportunity for sourcing savings across multiple fronts and we'll be advising what that will be as we look ahead. But obviously, as you saw that happen this past quarter, we do have flexibility outside of things that are demand-specific to make changes we need to. Part of what we're doing also though is in the case of Costa with Costa Smeralda is putting just much more efficient hardware in, so now maybe you moderate the capacity by taking out the other ships. But we're actually improving the operating base because this is just a lower in effect net cruise cost operating vessel. So those are the things we're doing and we'll continue across the base. I'll have David make a comment. 
David Bernstein: Yes. So let me repeat what I think I've said a couple of times before. In 2020, given the 7% capacity increase that we have coming, we get tremendous economies of scale both the onboard those new ships because they're larger as well as shoreside. And as a result of that, we believe that the cost guidance for 2020 will be better than the cost guidance for 2019. But we'll stop there. We'll go through our planning process and we'll give you more detail in December. 
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate it, and look forward to following up with you guys in the coming weeks. Thank you very much. 
David Bernstein: Thank you. 
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-06-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Thursday, June 20, 2019. I'd now like to turn it over to Mr. Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation. Please go ahead.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As Keith said, I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & PLC, and today I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Now given the vessel disruption that unfolded this week with Carnival Vista, we decided to move the call to today because we wanted to provide the information that the impact was limited to $0.08 to $0.10, and we wanted to provide the information as quickly as possible. Obviously, we're disappointed with this morning's announcement as well as in our change in guidance. From our initial guidance for 2019, we acknowledge that we would not deliver for this year the growth rates in earnings and returns that our business is capable of and that we are committed to deliver over time, and we are disappointed in the reduction to that guidance. However, we have the foundation, and we remain steadfast in our commitment to consistently deliver double-digit earnings growth and growth in return on invested capital over time. We delivered second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.66, that's higher than the midpoint of March guidance by $0.08 per share and only $0.02 per share lower than last year despite a $0.09 drag from fuel and currency. For the full year, voyage disruptions related to Carnival Vista are expected, as I have mentioned, to have a financial impact of approximately $0.08 to $0.10 per share, and that's from a combination of modified itineraries, canceled sailings, and the unusual nature of the repair given the unavailable damaged dry dock in Grand Bahama Shipyard, where repairs otherwise would have occurred. Now we're updating our adjusted earnings guidance range, previously $4.35 to $4.55, now $4.25 to $4.35 due to the voyage disruptions; the U.S. Government's policy change on travel to Cuba which impacted earnings by $0.04 to $0.06 per share; lower revenue yields in the second half of the year resulting primarily from ongoing headwinds for our Continental European sourced brands estimated at $0.10 to $0.12 per share and that represents 0.5 point off our prior full-year yield guidance. That's partially offset by $0.02 per share reduction in cost due to lower fuel consumption and a favorable $0.08 per share from changes in fuel and currency since the time of our March guidance. The U.S. Government's policy change for travel to Cuba has the financial impact of approximately $0.04 to $0.06, as I just mentioned per share, as we have to make deployment changes very close in. While the regulatory change was disappointing as these sailings had experienced strong demand and were well booked at significant yield premiums, we were able to adjust our itineraries to provide our guests with attractive alternative vacation experiences utilizing the six destination ports that we own and operate in the Caribbean, which are among our highest-rated destinations based on guest feedback. However, the suddenness of the regulatory change is disruptive and has led to a concentration of industry-wide capacity and to a select number of lower-yield deployment options. As always, we remain focused on pricing discipline. Now, our Continental European brands have been facing heightened geopolitical and macroeconomic headwinds, which has impacted operating performance this year. Our growth in these markets has continued to outpace general travel but growing into a contracting travel market has put pressure on ticket prices this year. In Germany, land-based tour operator booking trends have been running significantly behind this year, while our German cruise brand has grown double digits but not been able to hold price in that environment. Now, despite these headwinds, our German brand, AIDA, has among the highest returns in our portfolio. In Southern Europe, while the environment had been challenging for multiple years now, we have encountered a further deterioration in the economic environment in Italy with Italy experiencing recession, a heightened geopolitical environment in France given the ongoing yellow vest disruptions, further compounded by increased land-based competition at significantly low rates, resulting from the reopening of resort destinations in Turkey and North Africa. Prior to this year, despite what had already been a challenging economic environment, particularly in Southern Europe, Costa was executing along the path toward double-digit return on invested capital. In fact, in the last five years, Costa more than doubled return on invested capital, albeit starting from a lower base. Now newbuilds are a very important part of the path to double-digit return on invested capital and given the inherent cost efficiencies gained by the greater scale and fuel efficiencies of our new ships. Now we've not taken delivery of a new ship in Europe for Costa in over five years, and that ship is still among the highest returning ships in our entire fleet. We have also entered into an agreement to sell two ships from Costa to our China joint venture next year. We're evaluating further opportunities to optimize our future performance, including accelerating demand and rightsizing capacity. Clearly, in 2019, exacerbated by recent events, we are not performing, as I mentioned, at the double-digit earnings growth rate or growth in return on invested capital that we target. Now we have been aggressively working to enhance our action plan to drive results in 2020 and beyond as some of these action items are in the process of being rolled out and some are still being evaluated. Now, I'll highlight a few that we expect to benefit 2020 and beyond. While we remain focused on cost containment and aside from the impact of voyage disruptions, we are maintaining the cost guidance we gave for the year. Included in our guidance is a planned increase in our investment and demand creation in the back half of the year to further position us for 2020. However, that increase in advertising is offset by cost savings in other areas. Now we continue to roll out applications across multiple brands, designed to enhance the guest experience and to promote onboard sales, including Ocean Medallion for Princess, and we expect to have 11 Princess ships rolled out by the end of 2020. Of course, our ongoing newbuild program is integral to the growth in earnings and return on invested capital over time. And as we mentioned before, not only are our newbuilds on average roughly 15% to 25% more cost efficient and approximately 25% to 35% more fuel efficient, they also help to create further demand for cruising. And of course, we continue to reinvest in the existing fleet to drive demand and have more major refurbishment projects planned next year. For our Carnival brand, we've garnered double-digit yield premiums and double-digit return on investment for the renamed Carnival Sunshine. And we're off to a strong start for the recently reintroduced Carnival Sunrise with both booking volumes and pricing up double digits. On the cost side, we are now positioning beginning of 2020 to take advantage of the natural cost containment that comes from leveraging the increased capacity from newbuilds. And we've also initiated zero-based planning project for our 2020 planning process. Now this is in addition to our efforts to leverage our industry-leading scale estimated at $75 million or more annually and the greater economies of scale afforded by our higher capacity growth. That said, we will not be afraid to spend money to invest, especially which we have an opportunity to drive demand and earn a return on investment. We remain very confident in our portfolio of cruise brands. Over the past 5 years, we have had even stronger cumulative yield growth from our EA segment than our NAA segment on similar capacity growth, and believe our brands continue to outperform the broader travel market in Continental Europe. We remain confident we can continue to grow demand for cruise at good prices because we operate in an underpenetrated industry with an overall growing global travel industry. We're well positioned to take advantage of the acceleration and retirees globally and the millennial generation, which overindexes to cruise.  And at the same time, cruising generates higher satisfaction levels than land-based alternatives and prices at a value to comparable land-based alternatives. So we operate in an industry that is capacity constrained, the ships are full, so are the shipyards, and the mobility of the assets allows us to optimize the demand environment over time. There are headwinds every year. And over the past five years, we've demonstrated our ability to overcome multiple headwinds and deliver strong operational improvement. Now this year, our growth has been hampered by a complements of events, which our people have worked hard to mitigate. We remain confident with actions we're taking that over time, we will continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth and significant growth in return on invested capital. And now I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2019 second quarter results, then I'll provide an update on current booking trends for the back half of 2019 and finish up with some additional color on our 2019 June guidance. As Arnold indicated, our adjusted EPS for the second quarter was $0.66, this was $0.08 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The improvement was driven by 2 things, $0.02 of favorability in net cruise revenue and $0.07 of favorability in net cruise costs without fuel substantially due to the timing of expenses between the quarters. Both favorable items were partially offset by $0.01 unfavorable net impact from fuel price and currency. Now let's look at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 4.6%. Our North America and Australia segment, more commonly known as our NAA brands, was up 0.5%, while our Europe and Asia segment, more commonly known as our EA brands, was up almost 12%. Our total net revenue yields were up 0.6%. Now let's break apart to two components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were essentially flat. Our NAA brands were up 3%, driven by yield improvements in the Caribbean, while our EA brands were down 3.5%. Net onboard and other yields increased almost 2% with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. In summary, our second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.02 lower than the prior year with the benefits from slightly higher net revenue yields and lower dry dock costs, driven by less dry dock days during the quarter being more than offset by higher depreciation expense costing $0.03 and the $0.09 unfavorable net impact of fuel price and currency. Turning to 2019 booking trends. At this point in time, cumulative advanced bookings for the back half of 2019 are slightly ahead of the prior year on occupancy at prices that are in line with last year. Now let's drill down into the cumulative book position for 2019. Cumulative advanced bookings for our NAA brands are higher than the prior year on occupancy and slightly ahead on price, driven by nicely higher prices in the Caribbean and the seasonal European program, while pricing in Alaska is well lower than last year's record pricing. Cumulative advance bookings for our EA brands are slightly behind the prior year on occupancy at lower prices, again driven by our EA brand sourcing in Continental Europe. Given our strong book position at the end of the second quarter, with less inventory remaining for sale than the same term the prior year, we had anticipated better pricing on booking volumes during the second quarter, which was included in our March guidance for the back half of the year. In light of these booking trends primarily driven by our EA brands, we have lowered our price expectations on the remaining inventory. Therefore, we are forecasting full year net revenue yields to be approximately flat versus March guidance of up approximately 1%. Yield guidance for third quarter is now forecasted to be flat or down slightly versus the prior year, while our fourth quarter, we are now forecasting yields to be lower. We do expect yield improvement in both quarters in our NAA brands, which is being offset by yield decline in our EA brands. For the full year, we now expect yield increases in our NAA brands to be up more than 1%, which were impacted by the recent restrictions on travel to Cuba. While for the full year, we now expect yield declines in our EA brands to be more than 1% driven by our EA brand sourcing in Continental Europe. So now let me provide you with some additional color on our 2019 June guidance. The $0.08 favorable net impact of fuel price and currency is driven by lower fuel prices, which will benefit us $0.15, while currency movements will cost us $0.07. Our full year net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD guidance increased slightly as a result of the voyage disruptions and is now expected to be up approximately 0.7% versus March guidance of 0.5%. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Keith, we're ready for the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question is from the line of Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: Couple of issues I would love to ask about. First is, in your opening comments, you've talked about the German market and Costa's market, and you didn't say too much about the U.K. And just given what's going on with Brexit, I wonder if you could give us a little bit of insight into demand in that market?
Arnold Donald: First of all, good morning, Robin. The U.K. has been a better market despite Brexit. There would be a number of reasons for that, but overall it has been better. I don't know if David would like to add any additional color?
David Bernstein: No. I think you summed it up. It has certainly had an overall impact. It would have been better had it not been for Brexit, but we are doing okay in the U.K.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then the comment about 2020 bookings in the release, well ahead that price is in line, but I wonder if you could talk about how -- has that also -- it sounds like the last three months that there was this kind of an increasing pressure in Costa's markets and in Germany. Is that also impacting 2020? In other words, the commentary on 2020 was really about what's on the books, but in terms of what's coming in incrementally on 2020, if you could give some insight?
Arnold Donald: Yes. I'll start and then I'll let David fill in with some details. I think going into 2020 it will still be a challenging environment in Europe, but there is a couple of changes for us. First of all, we had significant increase in the German market this year, not just us but the industry, and that will not be the case in 2020. So significant double-digit capacity increase this year, next year that will not be the case. And then in Costa, we have the new ship. This is the first new ship in over five years, Smeralda, and she is booking very well so far. It will introduce a number of efficiencies and stuff, so that also is a positive going into 2020 for Continental Europe. David, have you got any comments?
David Bernstein: Yes. So, we made some comments on the booking trends in the second quarter for 2019, and clearly there are similarities with the booking trends into 2020. They were clearly stronger in our NAA brands during the quarter, and so we are seeing the overall economic headwinds extend beyond just the back half of 2019 for our EA brands. But it is very early in the overall process, and so there is a lot of time left as we go through the year.
Arnold Donald: And while the environment seems similar, as I mentioned, the conditions we're operating in within our own brands is different going into 2020 and that gives us you know a basis to build on.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: I guess when we look at your revised guidance, I think you said most of that yield reduction was -- is related to Continental Europe, but I wanted to ask about other markets, I guess, specifically, maybe around Alaska. And I guess the question here is, you guys called out some Alaska pressure back in March, and I guess what I'm getting at here is, you know has that stayed pretty much neutral or has that intensified as well?
Arnold Donald: I would say, again a general comment, so overall, our North America brands are doing well with regards to guidance and what we had included in guidance. And I'll let David give you the details on them.
David Bernstein: Yes. I had indicated in my prepared remarks that the current pricing on the books in Alaska was well lower than its record levels last year, which is pretty much consistent with what we had said previously that we have 18 ships in Alaska. We have more Lloyd ships in Alaska than the rest of the industry in over double the number of ships. So, Alaska is a very high-yielding market for us. It's performing very well, but we are seeing -- with the capacity growth in Alaska this year, as we had indicated before, we are seeing lower pricing, but it's still yielding very well for us, and we're very pleased with the results and we'll continue to work hard to improve upon that.
Arnold Donald: And just to refresh your memory, we do have the tour complication in Alaska, where we have a tour business that has a certain amount of capacity and even though you can increase the number of guests going to Alaska, we don't necessarily have additional rooms in the resorts and other things to -- for total yield once you get to onboard revenue, et cetera, excursions. So that's another level of complication, but Alaska is strong, is profitable, is growing.
Steven Wieczynski: And I guess to add on to that, does -- David, I guess, this is probably for you, but does your updated guidance that you put out today assume that European sourced customer weakens from current levels or basically stays kind of status quo from what you're seeing today?
David Bernstein: It's really hard to say because you're now getting into voyage-by-voyage and country-by-country detail. We try to generally understand the overall economic environment and did our best to go voyage-by-voyage sourcing and come up with a reasonable plan that we believe is our best guess.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. And last question, I guess, for me is, I'm not sure if I am allowed to do this or not, but I think you said, Micky is there today. So I was wondering if I could ask him a question around Cuba, given it sounds like he might have had some direct dealings with Washington officials. And I guess, Micky, if you are there, can you maybe help us understand what those meetings were like? And if you were somewhat surprised at the eventual outcome of the situation?
Micky Arison: I was definitely surprised at the outcome, but I don't think it's appropriate for me to comment on meetings.
Operator: The next question is from Jared Shojaian from Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Arnold, you touched on the supply environment in Europe. I think you said double-digit growth this year for Germany. Can you tell us what the industry supply growth is in all of Europe, not just Germany, versus what you guys are seeing next year in 2020? And along those lines, do you think you need to reduce capacity?
Arnold Donald: I will answer the latter part of your question first as David looks up the details on these percentage growth here, but it was double digits in Continental Europe this year uniformly. And I think overall for -- you said for the industry, so it would be much higher than ours individually probably. But in any event, we are always looking at rightsizing every market, every source market, every destination market. And you know obviously, we'll be looking at that going into next year and beyond in Europe, especially in Southern Europe.
David Bernstein: So I can answer your question, but the hard part of answering your question, first of all, I only know the numbers for us. I don't have all the numbers for the industry for 2020. And for us in total, we are seeing -- we have 7.3% capacity growth and we do expect to see 11% capacity increase in 2020 in Europe, 26% in China and 8% in Alaska. And that is our capacity increase overall for the whole corporation. But when you go in brand-by-brand, in 2020, it's very different.
Arnold Donald: And if you look at the total capacity increase this year?
David Bernstein: For us, it was 4.5% in Europe.
Arnold Donald: Continental Europe.
Beth Roberts: I think what Jared -- to point Jared's question was really the industry supply growth for the European source market not the deployment. From a source market perspective, we are looking at 9% supply growth in the EA segment this year and it compares to the comparable rate next year. If you look at Continental Europe, it is down from 13% to 10%, that is mostly reflection of -- sorry, includes Asia, AIDA is up mid-single digit, Costa is up low double digits, again, with the new ship this year. Costa is -- Asia is up with the new ship and Cunard is down slightly and P&O is up high single digits.
Arnold Donald: So that would be all of Europe. If you want to focus -- sorry, we didn't have the answers as frankly for you, but the bottom line is this, if you look at AIDA, AIDA was up double-digit capacity growth this year.
Beth Roberts: 20%.
Arnold Donald: Almost 20%. And there won't be -- they will be up 5% or 6% or something next year. Costa was up almost 14% this year, but that was with existing hardware with -- not with new ship -- it was not within the newbuild. Next year we'll be up in Costa, but it will be the newbuild with Smeralda, which is -- brings in efficiencies and so on and so forth. So the brands will be experiencing a different dynamic as well there was capacity increase from others in Germany this year and they will not have capacity increase next year. So when you look at those markets that primarily we're focused on, all those brands that primarily we've been focused on in this conversation with the yield adjustment, they will be going into a better situation even if the overall environment hasn't changed much in Europe. And in addition to that of course, we're going to do a number of things ourselves from creating demand and other things to try to improve the performance there. Having said all that, AIDA is still growing earnings in Europe and so on and so forth. So we have an opportunity still to focus on what we want to focus on, which is earnings growth and return on invested capital, and we have a good base in AIDA to do that going forward and have the opportunity with Costa as well.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. I'll go back and check the transcript on. There's a lot of information unpacked there. But I mean, if I am understanding everything you said, it seems like there's still a decent amount of capacity growth in 2020, maybe not to the same degree as what you saw in 2019. And so obviously environment is a little bit challenged, if you do have more supply coming on in 2020, I mean, what can you do to mitigate this besides, I guess, more marketing here or whatnot? I mean why not just come out and, as the largest player in the industry, take out some capacity right now, I mean, maybe if you can help me understand that better?
Arnold Donald: I would say, first of all, AIDA is one of the highest return brands that we have. And so while it may not be a yield story, it's an earnings and it is an accretive story, and it is helping us overall deliver. Costa this year, as I mentioned, had existing hardware, did not have new hardware and the capacity increase there, with the new hardware they're getting us is going to provide us with a new vessel, give us an opportunity, again, for financial performance and return generation. We will be looking at overall capacity though, this July not, but we will be looking overall at capacity to see if we feel with all of that we still need to make some other adjustments.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. And just one last quick one for me. Arnold, you talked about leveraging scale and benefits of cost beginning in 2020. 2020 is really the first year of, I guess, a little bit more supply growth for you for the next few years. Is it reasonable to conclude that your unit costs, and I am talking constant currency, NCC ex fuel, should be down in each of these next few years. Is that kind of how you guys are thinking about it?
Arnold Donald: I think the opportunity is definitely to have unit cost reductions. The question is, is it worthwhile to reinvest that to create demand? And so that's -- the trade-off will be evaluating and assessing. But absolutely, it gives us the opportunity for unit cost reduction with the capacity increase, and either that goes to the bottom line or should be invested to drive yield.
Operator: The next question is from the line of James Hardiman from Wedbush.
James Hardiman: So just to clarify on Europe, I'm just trying to understand, do you think Europe is getting worse since the last time you reported or did your previous guidance just assume that it would get better?
Arnold Donald: I think, again, when we give guidance, we factor in a whole lot of things. And even now with this guidance, we have a half year to go and things happen. And so even within this guidance, we are assuming some things are going to go wrong in the second half of the year. I think what happened -- and if and though you're asking just about Europe, but you know we look at things holistically because there's so many moving parts. And what's happening right now is just complements of events. We've had them in the past, but we were able to overcome them this year, the complements kind of overwhelm us. But we've had issues in other markets over the years, where you had a yield challenge where -- you guys worry about China one year and other time it was Caribbean and the stuff moves around. So yes, Europe definitely is weaker than it appeared at that time. But again, things -- some things get stronger, some things get weaker every year. And so in this case, it happens to be Europe, and we have to look at it and look ahead and see if we need to make other changes, look at the changes we're already making and whether that will accommodate us to help us drive towards what we're chasing, which is double-digit earnings growth and elevated return on invested capital.
David Bernstein: So I'd add to that. I think I tried to explain in my prepared remarks that we were sort of surprised at the levels of bookings and the prices that we needed during the second quarter. So the demand we're seeing and the environment we're seeing is really, you could say, it's something similar to what the ECB is seeing as they are talking about creating more stimulus to help the economic environment in Europe. So it was a bit of a surprise and that's why we took -- we reflected that in our guidance this quarter.
James Hardiman: Okay. And then my second question was on Cuba. So the $0.04 to $0.06, just trying to figure out, I mean, it's not a big number to begin with, but I'm trying to figure out how much of that flows into next year? In other words, how much of it was the fact that you have -- you get premium pricing on Cuba versus all of the disruption and rebooking? And then secondarily, are there any secondary consequences of the Cuba travel ban, maybe a ripple effect as the Cuba stops get replaced with other stops? I'm just trying to figure out if that has an impact on ships that weren't even initially going to Cuba?
Arnold Donald: Yes, thank you. Again, complex question, the reality is Cuba is gone for the foreseeable future and so it didn't add into plans for next year. And therefore, that higher-yielding itinerary is off the table. And companies like us and others will have to adapt to see what they can generate. Having said that, it was already the Caribbean. The ships are already stopping at -- off the Caribbean islands. And so while the overall itinerary yields will potentially be less if we can't come up with creative ways to generate more onboard revenue or whatever. That -- the fact is the effect, it's a certain percent of capacity and next year who knows what percent it will be because some of those ships may move out of the Caribbean entirely. So yes, it could put some additional pressure, but the Caribbean has been a very strong market this year. Yields are up, occupancy is up. I mean, it has been a very strong market and even with the impact of Cuba.
David Bernstein: So keep in mind that a lot of the $0.04 to $0.06 was disruption from the cancellations in the short-term. Next year, we have a lot of less bookings on the books so that -- but keep in mind there's also a full year impact versus this year was a half year impact. To add to what Arnold had said, one potential dynamic that we can't anticipate is that our competitors did increase their short cruise capacity when they started sailing to Cuba and without the Cuba demand, it may be hard to build the short capacity. So we really can't predict what others will do and if they'll keep the capacity in the short market versus going back to long cruises. And so this is one of the things we'll be watching very closely.
Arnold Donald: But having said that, that's a deep build to manage the Caribbean right now. I mean looking into early -- it's early, but looking into 2020, bookings are very strong, and it looks good.
Beth Roberts: Did we answer your question? I just want to make we addressed it.
James Hardiman: Yes. That was a perfect answer. I really appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: So Arnold, bigger picture's question, so with -- with Costa and AIDA and your other kind of, what I call, country-specific brands, your competitors have been successful with moving to global sourcing over time. And I understand that the structure of their company and their strategy is different than what you all have with your many, many brands. And it probably would be a challenge to kind of change the strategy, just given how entrenched you are there. But I am wondering, is there any sense to, at least, examining a strategy shift in the brands so that you could remove the vulnerability you have? I mean I know like today it's an issue and tomorrow you will not have an issue, but you are really like entrenched in kind of subject to what is going on in each specific economy, so I was just wondering if you thought about that.
Arnold Donald: We've looked at the model all the time because it's just part of managing the business. But the reality is, our model, over the last five years, you look at things, like return on invested capital, common financial metrics, has performed comparably, in some cases, better, in some cases, slightly not, but in any given year, a model could benefit more or less. For example, this year, we actually had less dependence on Cuba because of our portfolio than others, so the impact on our total business of Cuba, while it is an impact, is less than what was from other players. We have more activity in Europe than they do. So the impact in Europe to us is more dramatic than it is for them. And so those things move around, but overall the model has delivered over the last five years. This year, we had a modest growth plans in the first place as we're prepping for the capacity build coming over the next several years, and we feel strongly the model was going to deliver and the proof will be in the pudding. But in any given year, one can look slightly better than the other. But it's a portfolio, it's a portfolio approach and portfolio of brands and overall it delivers.
David Bernstein: Yes. And I do want to point out, we do have global brands as well within the portfolio and they also do want to point out that some of our competitors do have national and regional brands. They're just not consolidated into their results because they're treated from an equity perspective. But as Arnold indicated, we get very strong results over time in the long run from the variety of types of brands that we have in our portfolio.
Arnold Donald: It does make our yield story more complicated. But in the end, as you guys know, we're chasing earnings and the return on invested capital, but it absolutely makes the yield story more complicated.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes. I think some of it, too, is that those other country-specific brands just --- from what the world understood are actually not seeing some of the challenges that you are seeing, like see in AIDA, so, but anyway it just points to something...
Arnold Donald: We would like to point out to you guys on AIDA though. I would like to point out on AIDA, just to make it clear. While that's a yield challenge this year and we revised some yield stuff, overall AIDA is growing earnings. And as I said, it's one of the higher-performing brands that we have. And so we're very confident about it going forward, and I think the dynamics in the future, along with the actions that the brand team are taking and we're taking overall, is going to just enhance that performance. Go ahead, I am sorry, you were...
Felicia Hendrix: That's helpful, thank you. That's helpful. No, yes, so just to clarify, on your comments on Alaska, is there a -- is it status quo in Alaska for you or is it -- eventually, people might have interpreted what you said as Alaska is getting worse. Is that your interpretation?
Arnold Donald: No. I wouldn't -- Alaska is not getting worse or anything. Go ahead, David?
David Bernstein: Yes. No. I mean -- okay, I mean, there are a little puts and takes in the NAA brands. But the only two things I'd really call out in the NAA brands versus our prior guidance was the voyage disruption and the travel restriction to Cuba. Other than that, it was a bunch of small puts and takes.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Perfect. And then just on your onboard, so I think you said that, that was up 2%. So that's a nice positive. Can you just talk about what you're seeing there and to the extent that, that's surprising how you not expect that to trend throughout the year even though it's hard to predict?
David Bernstein: Yes. So as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we did see increases on both sides at the Atlantic. And we are -- we do expect to see those type or better yield increases in the balance of the year in onboard and other revenue, which is what we included in the guidance. We got a lot of things in the works, which should hopefully continue to improve those numbers as we move forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder: Thank you for the color on Alaska. One thing I did want to follow up there though is, we do understand and it's been going on and even happened to a degree last year, how -- you're limited on your tour side and then as the capacity grows, you're not able to grow the tour onboard as -- that the same rates you are, the lower ticket price, so that's a little negative mix on the yield. But all that being said, your two competitors did add significant amount of capacity, yet they didn't -- have not really seen the pressure that you're seeing in Alaska. So were there some executional issues in Alaska that if you had to do it again, you would maybe do a little bit differently, if we rewound things 12 to 18 months, I guess, is one question there.
Arnold Donald: Yes. I don't know about the competitors in Alaska, I won't make any comment on that, but I can tell you about us. I mean, wish -- we have 18 ships in Alaska, we're doing our very, very well on Alaska. Alaska is a growth segment for us, a growth destination market for us. And so we don't feel there is a problem in Alaska. Now when you look at yields and you're just trying to track yield changes, yes, all those things come into play that we're growing, and we're still making incremental money on the additional guests, but they come in at a lower total yield if they're not getting the hotel rooms and some of the other things that are associated with the land tours, so that can be a mix drag. But beyond that, overall we're doing well on Alaska. Any other comments, David?
David Bernstein: Yes. The only thing I'll add is since we have more Lloyd ships in Alaska than the rest of the industry combined, so it is difficult for us to move the needle dramatically year-over-year just by adding 1 or 2 new high-yielding ships to the mix compared to our competitors.
Arnold Donald: Right.
Timothy Conder: Okay, okay. Fair. Maybe shift to China, granted it's only 5%, 6% your total capacity, but you called out basically Europe and China in the press release, but then in your preamble, you seemed to focus mostly on Europe. China, are you seeing any fallout here short-term, given all the, let's just call them, "festivities" over the last six months geopolitically there or what are you seeing, I guess, how things transpired, especially over the last 90 days from your business in China and then the outlook?
Arnold Donald: Overall, chain is doing better and we've had yield increases and the business is better. So go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: Yes. I think what you're referring to is because we break the world into two segments, our NAA and EA, somebody may have interpreted the booking comments to be both the E and the A and it really was just the E.
Arnold Donald: And it's actually just the Continental Europe part of the E.
David Bernstein: Exactly.
Timothy Conder: Okay. So there is a little island to the west, the U.K. as you said before. Really that's been fairly stable in your view over the last 90 days.
Arnold Donald: Yes.
David Bernstein: Correct.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: As a follow-up to Jared's question earlier on capacity, you had slowed portfolio-wide capacity growth somewhat in tandem with the ROIC targets being announced over the past few years and your opening remarks cited newbuild as a key part of the path to double-digit ROIC. So can you just walk us through your thought process on new ship growth versus deletions on a portfolio-wide basis, perhaps comment on how locked in your orders are as we looked out over the next couple of years?
Arnold Donald: Okay. In terms of newbuilds, you're always going to build new ships, because they are more cost efficient, you get economies of scale, they're more fuel efficient, they are just more efficient. So the question when it comes to capacity is how quickly are you going to divest lower-performing vessels? And that depends on how the market goes. So if we see persistence in market challenges and creating a demand to fill the ships, then we would accelerate capacity reduction on lower-yielding ships. But the new ships are the wrong place to go because those new ships are giving you your double-digit return on invested capital.
Stephen Grambling: So maybe as a follow-up on what happened with Vista, that's a relatively new ship, how should we be thinking about what happened there relative to other new ships and the broader fleet?
Arnold Donald: First of all, Vista is a very high-performing ship, which is why we have a significant impact from -- of few weeks of cancellation and some modified itineraries where we had to kind of take care of our guests in the right way, given the fact it was a little bit disruptive to their vacation plan. So this is a very high-performing ship, mechanical issue that reduce the speed of the ship. Some mechanical issue that reduced the speed of the ship, wasn't a safety issue, just reducing the speed of the ship. But reducing the speed forces a change in itineraries and you got to get it repaired. And so it's not unique to Vista, the particular equipment is on other ships, not just ours, but other companies, there have been other issues with other ships with the particular equipment involved. And obviously we're addressing that with the manufacturer and being in front of it on other ships that have that same piece of equipment.
David Bernstein: We did have an issue on the AIDAprima last year, but it had a dry dock that was very close by and we were able to quickly take it into dry dock and return it to service. Unfortunately, with the dry dock unavailable at the Grand Bahama Shipyard, we had to find some other alternatives to fix the ship and so it's taking a little longer than it might have otherwise have taken, which magnified the impact.
Stephen Grambling: So just to be clear, so the impact that you're citing is specific to Vista, or is it a potential that as you're looking at the part in other ships, there could be another potential impact?
Arnold Donald: No. It's essentially -- is specific to Vista.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Harry Curtis with Instinet.
Harry Curtis: Arnold, you mentioned the refurbishment plan. Can you give us a sense of how your number of dry dock days in 2019 is different from '18? And then what is the outlook for 2020? I am just trying to get a sense of, is there any meaningful difference, given the impact on the likely sailings?
Arnold Donald: So leaving the unplanned, just the dry dock out of it, go ahead.
David Bernstein: Yes. So for '18, we had 500 days. The number is same essentially in '19. And for 2020, it's going to be a little higher, 520 days.
Harry Curtis: Okay. So not particularly meaningful then?
Arnold Donald: Right.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And then, Arnold, you mentioned your objective of over time achieving double-digit earnings growth. Given the capacity increases that we're likely to see globally and particularly in the markets that have had an impact on your pricing in 2019, is it -- does your intuition give you the sense that you're going to be able to achieve that double-digit growth in 2020?
Arnold Donald: Again, it's early. We're not giving guidance here for 2020. But clearly, we will be working towards that objective.
Harry Curtis: So in order to achieve that objective, if you have 7% capacity growth, how much pricing power would you need to get to '20 -- to double-digit earnings growth next year, just in kind of broad strokes do you think?
Arnold Donald: Depending what we do with the cost savings that would address. So can you get there with as little as 1% yield improvement? The answer is yes you could. Obviously, we'll be driving fleet yield above and beyond that. And so just the matrices we've shown you in the past, we've shown investors in the past, there is the capability to deliver double-digit earnings growth and increase return on invested capital. Obviously, we're going to be working to drive beyond all that and that can effect the combination of cost versus yield.
David Bernstein: And just to give you math behind that, a 1% yield growth will drive a 5% earnings growth, and a 1% cost reduction will drive a 3% earnings growth on top of the 7% capacity growth.
Arnold Donald: Capacity.
Harry Curtis: But as a practical matter, with 7% capacity growth next year, the industry typically dials up marketing costs pretty significantly in anticipation of that capacity growth. So it would seem to me that your -- the opportunity for a decline in net cruise costs next year is pretty remote, given the amount of capacity that you're going to have to get ahead of with higher marketing spend, is that fair?
Arnold Donald: We'll have to see. We're not given guidance here. But the reality is with that kind of capacity growth, you definitely have a lot of cost improvement that you have available to you, to either put to the bottom line or to reinvest. We already invest heavily in promotion, given the scale we have, and whatnot. And we will continue to invest. But the practical reality, again, is, in the end, you're chasing a certain amount of reach and frequency and messaging, et cetera. You don't always have to ramp up proportionally to the increase in demand you need. How you message, sources of messaging the people, how you reason what's used in PR versus paid media versus direct mail versus digital on and on and on. And then leveraging our scale effecting -- more effective media bias because of our scale, et cetera. So there's a lot of dynamics there and we're focused on being cost effective. We're not afraid to invest. But at the same time, we expect to harvest some of the cost improvements from the capacity increase. And with that level of capacity increase, you have more opportunity.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: In my 22 years of following this industry, this has got to be one of the most informative calls, so thank you so much for spending the time. Couple of questions. In Alaska -- in terms of Alaska, competitive pressure probably played a role. Is it fair to say that we have some of that capacity additions?
Arnold Donald: I think the fact that there are other companies having more ships going to Alaska and getting more new to cruise to try to go to Alaska will absolutely play a role. I don't think there's been anything that's -- just from the tone of questions, it makes it sound like Alaska is weak or something, and that's just not the case. Again, you've got yield dynamics. But in the end, we're chasing earnings and return on invested capital. And so while Alaska, we would love to have higher yields in Alaska, even higher, we're going to work to do that, Alaska is a very strong market.
Assia Georgieva: And as a follow-up and kind of switching gears to Europe, Southern Europe seems to be issue as opposed to Brexit, as opposed to really Germany, is there any specific macroeconomic problem that you're seeing? I mean we had Spain going through a major recession years ago, Italy, Greece, et cetera. So we shouldn't really be in such poor shape. And isn't there the opportunity, given that it's kind of closer end booking market from -- in terms of passenger sourcing that there could be upside to Europe for Q3 and early part of Q4?
Arnold Donald: We're certainly going to work to try to beat what we have in guidance in Southern Europe. But we've given you our best projection at this point is what's included in our guidance. It has been a challenging environment for some time and at periods of time, it gets even more challenging. And that's what we're facing now.
Assia Georgieva: All right. I hope it works out better than it has so far.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. We're going to work hard to work out better, and thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Brandt Montour from JPMorgan.
Brandt Montour: Just quickly from me, so Dominican Republic, we haven't really talked about that. Just curious, what is the annual exposure to that market for you guys in terms of capacity? Have you seen any type of cost stiffness from the consumers due to the recent headlines there?
David Bernstein: So we haven't noticed any impact on any of our bookings going to the DR as a result of what's happened in a couple of hotels there, which have all been isolated incidents from what I've read. And so overall in fact, my son was in the DR last week, spent a week there and had a wonderful vacation.
Brandt Montour: That's great to hear. And then quick, I know we talked about Alaska a ton. For next year for the industry and for you guys, capacity growth, what's kind of the early read there? Is there any relief that you think will get there?
David Bernstein: Sorry, your question was a little...
Arnold Donald: The question is capacity in Alaska next year, is it going to be up, down or flat? Is there any relief?
Beth Roberts: It was up 16% this year, and for us it's up 8%. We don't have the industry yet, but we are more than half of the industry.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I wanted to follow-up on Robin's question on onboard yields. I mean clearly, it's a brighter spot, but it is kind of growing at a lower pace than it has over the last few years. I guess, I am wondering if that's -- that you've pulled so many arrows out of the quiver and so it's just settling end of lower pace or if you're seeing some sort of impact from the discounting in Europe, bringing in a passenger that's spending less, but any context you could give us around that would be helpful.
David Bernstein: Yes. So if you went back to the guidance we gave in December, we actually included in that guidance yields in the second quarter that were up approximately 2% similar to the results. We had some itinerary changes and seasonality that affected the second quarter. So we anticipated the second quarter being, call it, the lowest increase of the year. And as I said before, we do expect slightly higher increases in the third and fourth quarter.
Sharon Zackfia: And just to follow-up on that, so are you seeing any impact from the discounting in Europe flowing through to onboard yields there?
David Bernstein: So our onboard revenue in Europe, as I said, in both cases, we're seeing increases on both sides of the Atlantic, and we are not seeing any significant impact on onboard revenue in Continental Europe.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: Just circling back, I have a follow-up question.
Arnold Donald: Welcome back, Robin.
Robin Farley: Yes, thanks. See, but I got in line again. Just on Cuba, I know you said, no plans for Cuba next year. I guess just thinking about the fact that maybe some of the challenges in Cuba, just given the size of the port, there -- some of the ships there are smaller or older ships and may not be as easily repositioned. And so I guess, I just wanted to get your view on, do you kind of wait for a year, put them in something to get through the next year and kind of wait to see if there is a change in administration, a year out that would maybe have a different view of relations with Cuba. Is that the kind of...
Arnold Donald: No. I think, look, we welcome whenever Cuba is open for cruise travel again. That obvious, that's first thing. But the second thing is, our ships that we have are our ships that we have. We didn't change our concentrate, certain type of hardware to Cuba versus other. So it's the core of our Carnival fleet, core of our Holland America fleet, the core of our Seabourn fleet, and so it's our normal ships. Having said that, clearly, as I said, as best in the case of Carnival, the ships are ready in the Caribbean and they would stop at other ports in the Caribbean along with Cuba. Cuba was a draw. You were getting definitely guests who wanted to go to Cuba, now was a draw and it lifted yields and so on. But we don't see it as an overwhelming capacity shift or anything. But clearly, it introduces a factor that causes us to have to work harder to fill the ships at good pricing. Only other comment I will make Robin is that the Caribbean has been very, very strong overall. So you don't want that to happen, but it happened in a strong destination market. We'll take a couple of more questions. We're little over time. But I know we started one minute or two late, so couple of more questions, Keith.
Operator: Okay. The next one is a follow-up from Jared Shojaian from Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Just one housekeeping, real quick too. Just on capacity, D&A and CapEx. I didn't see any guidance in the release, I think you normally give it in your 10-Qs. But can you tell us how you're thinking about capacity growth and CapEx over the next few years and then how to think about D&A for this year?
Beth Roberts: Capacity growth is -- for this year was 4.5%; for next year, it 7.3%; for '21, it is 6.1%; and for '22, it's 5.3%. Those are growth numbers. They can't go up, but they will come down. CapEx is $6.7 billion in '19, $5.7 billion in '20 and $5.9 billion in '21 and $5.4 billion in '22. Interest is $195 million roughly for the year and depreciation is $2.22 billion for the year.
Jared Shojaian: Great, that's very helpful. Thank you, Beth. And then just on your booked position for 2020, if you removed new hardware you have coming on and then old hardware that's leaving the fleet, I think you're selling a couple of Costa ships, if you just neutralize for hardware, are you in the same booked position for 2020 that you called out in your release or is it not as strong?
David Bernstein: So it's very difficult. I mean, I haven't actually taken -- done that analysis. But I will tell you that every time we do an overall mix analysis for a new ship, given our size, the mix is very tiny. And so I am assuming it's a very tiny impact on the bookings as well.
Jared Shojaian: Great. And then just one last one. I know you just talked about the Caribbean and the strength that you're seeing, but I apologize if I missed this, but have you seen any promotional activity from any of your competitors? I mean, can you just talk about that a little bit?
Arnold Donald: Well, we see promotional activity all the time from other cruise lines and, I guess, some of ours will occasionally do promotion as well. Have we seen a ramp-up in promotional activity related to the Cuba ship? And I guess the answer to that would be, yes, we have. But we've been holding price and doing well with that.
David Bernstein: One more question, Keith.
Operator: The next one is a follow-up from Assia Georgieva from Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: I managed to sneak in again. Thank you, Keith, and thank you the team at Carnival. So in terms of what we're looking at Cuba, if you had a choice, let's say, tomorrow, hypothetical, the administration says, "Well, you can go back end." Would you be willing to jump at the opportunity? Or would you take a wait-and-see stance?
Arnold Donald: No. Absolutely. Whenever we can go back to Cuba, we absolutely will go back to Cuba. So a great experience for guests. Obviously, there's a lots of Cuban-Americans who want to connect with family, but more broadly for Americans. And then for the Cuban locals in terms of the impact for them, it is a big driver for the micro economy there for the individual citizens of Cuba. So we would absolutely go back. We had great experiences for our guest and we welcome that opportunity.
Assia Georgieva: Yes. I would imagine based on the rough calculations that for the second half of this year, it's about $250 million direct impact to three major cruise companies and probably over 1.5 year, it's probably $1 billion worth of lost economic impact, correct, roughly?
Arnold Donald: It's a significant lost economic impact for Cuba, there's no question about it. All right thank you very much everyone. I know we kept you a little long. Just know that again while we're disappointed having to revise guidance, very disappointed with the situation. With Vista, our teams are working hard to mitigate all that. We are still working hard to beat last year's record earnings. We're still obviously generating great cash and so on. But more importantly, we feel of a strong foundation and with the actions we're taking and the actions that we are considering to take and we'll eventually take some subset of those, we're confident we'll be well positioned for our objective of double-digit earnings growth and double-digit return -- growing at double-digit return on invested capital over time. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and you can now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-03-26 10:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation and PLC. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison, as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer, and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning.  Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. We delivered first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.49. That's higher than the midpoint of December guidance by $0.07 per share and $0.03 per share lower than last year, which includes the $0.03 drag from fuel and currency. For the full year, we're updating our adjusted earnings guidance range previously $4.50 to $4.80, now $4.35 to $4.55 to reflect the significant drag from fueling currency moving against us, impacting our full year by $155 million or $0.22 per share since the time of our December guidance.  Our guidance reflects continued improvement in operating performance. And we are maintaining the operational guidance we gave for the year with an update for changes in fuel prices and currency. Included in the midpoint of our guidance is $0.25 per share earnings growth from operations over the prior year, which is a reflection of our 120,000 plus employees who go above and beyond every day, as well as hundreds of thousands of travel professionals who support our world leading cruise brands.  It is their combined efforts that are helping us to once again withstand multiple headwinds, including cyclones in Australia, Brexit uncertainty in the UK, heightened political uncertainty in Germany and France as well as ongoing economic believes in much of Europe, including Italy. Despite those headwinds, wave season was consistent with the strength of demand we experienced going into the year, building further confidence in our full year revenue expectations.  For our North America and Australia brands, NAA, our book position is ahead of the prior year at higher prices, while our EA brands are well ahead of the prior year at lower prices. Our brands are strong and growing, including Continental Europe, where we continue to expect revenue growth driven by double digit capacity increases. We remain confident, we are on a path that includes delivering over time, double digit earnings growth and elevated sustained double digit return on invested capital through a consistent strategy of creating demand in excess of measured capacity growth, while leveraging our industry leading scale.  While our strategy is consistent, over time, the relative contribution from the components of our earnings models, as we updated previously, may change a bit. Going forward, our earnings growth will include a higher contribution from capacity growth. That increase in capacity will lend itself to more predictable revenue growth and enable us to better contain costs, in essence, enhancing the reliability of future earnings growth. There are multiple factors that we put in place over the years to ensure sustained earnings growth and improvement in return on invested capital.  For example, reducing our fuel exposure. This year, our unit fuel consumption will be down nearly 4%, bringing the cumulative unit fuel reduction to 33% compared to our 2007 baseline. Our ongoing efforts to leverage our scale through global sourcing has taken over $350 million of non-fuel costs out of the business so far. A higher weighting of fixed rate debt, historically low rates reduces interest rate exposure.  Our consistently strong balance sheet and credit ratings ensures through our access to $11 billion of committed export credit facilities that we will be able to comfortably meet future capital needs, while further heightening our relentless focus on driving continuous improvements in health, environment, safety and security. Of course, our ongoing new build program is integral to the growth in earnings and return on invested capital over time. Not only are our new builds on average roughly 15% to 25% more cost efficient and approximately 25% to 30% more fuel efficient, they also help to create further demand for cruising.  And we're introducing several exciting new ships this year, we just took delivery of cost of Costa Venezia, purposely designed to offer our Chinese guests the best of Italy. The ship introduces Italian culture and lifestyle with interiors inspired by the City of Venice, including authentic envelopes, retail shop featuring iconic Italian brands and of course battalion cuisine, while at the same time offering mini conference at home like Chinese style karaoke and food options that are popular in China. This ship is currently on its maiden voyage along the Silk Route before beginning services in Shanghai from mid May onward. Half of Venezia is just another step in the growth of a strong and sustainable cruise industry in china. Late this year, we will welcome three more investments to our portfolio of leading brands. Throughout the year, we're ramping up ahead of these deliveries and expect to reap the benefits in 2020. In October, Sky Princess, the first new build activated with MedallionClass, lending many processed hallmarks with new guest experience features like Sky Suites, the largest Balconies SC as well as the brand new jazz experience. Sky Princess is nearly sold out for this fall fault and booked 40 percentage points ahead for the one at Caribbean in 2020, all at consistently higher rates.  Costa Esmeralda also expected to enter service late this year was designed to celebrate the Sardinian culture, serving Continental Europe, including Italy, France and Spain. Booking trends for Costa Esmeralda are also reflecting strong demand and capturing a double digit price premium. And last but not least, in December, Carnival Cruise Line will launch its new flagship, Carnival Panorama, their first new ship home port on the West Coast. Bookings are ahead, more than double digits in both rate and occupancy in 2020 compared to the same itinerary in 2019. Our marketing efforts on the West Coast and including the Carnival AirShip and the Rose Parade have generated over 1 billion media impressions and are attracting a broad audience, particularly those new to cruise. Bookings for Mardi Gras to be delivered in August 2020 in the first and the new generation of ships of the Carnival brand were opened this past quarter. Mardi Gras generated record looking for new ship launch by the Carnival brand, with almost 10 times the number of bookings as the very strong Carnival Vista launched back in 2016. And with more than 65,000 guests pre-registering in advance of the inventory event opening, overall, Carnival continues to outperform in the Caribbean with bookings ahead in both occupancy and rate across all future quarters. In April, we will welcome the totally transformed Carnival Sunrise, after undergoing nearly a $200 million dry dock, adding all the culinary and entertainment experiences, Fun Ship 2.0 is non-core, such as [indiscernible] barbecue smokehouse and outdoor fun with SportSquare, Water Works and serenity adult only retreat. All of these new features are resonating well with the brand's guests, with bookings for Carnival Sunrise up double digits in both occupancy and price. Roll out continues on OceanMedallion. The Medallion class experience is now a full ship active on two vessels with a third ready to go, but it's still early. There are many features available through Ocean that guests have not yet become familiar with to take full advantage. While we continue to garner innovation accolades, including IoT wearables, innovation of the year and finalists for the prestigious Edison awards, clearly, the most important impact is on our guests and on our bottom line. And while still early to determine the impact on earnings, guest satisfaction scores for Medallion class are consistently among the highest in the Princess fleet. Since the announcement of full activation on the two Princess ships late last year, we believe medallion class has garnered increased demand, which we expect will drive yield. Additional ships are expected to come online later this year as medallion class expands across the Princess fleet.  So while early, indicators are very, very positive. But there were many marketing and public relations efforts that kicked off during wave season that generate demand and excess measured capacity growth and continue our momentum. In the US, Holland America captured over 4 billion media impressions around get away cruise and the naming ceremony for new [indiscernible]. For Carnival Cruise Lines, the new roller coaster experience of Mardi Gras alone generate over 1 billion media impressions. Our award winning proprietary television programs have now reached more than 525 million views cumulatively. One of the programs, Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin, has just been nominated for the two MEs. In Europe, Costa launched a new marketing program with Penelope Cruz, which has been well received and is outperforming all previous brand campaigns. All told, our brands captured 75% of the positive coverage for our industry so far this year, five times that of our closest peer. We also made meaningful progress this past quarter, putting on industry leading scale to work. As you know, yielded our revenue management to deploy on six of our brands, we believe we will continue to drive incremental revenue, particularly in the second half of 2019 and beyond. On the cost side, we remain committed to deliver nearly a point of cost savings this year, helping to mitigate inflation and contributing to our cost guidance above just 50 basis points for the year.  Our fleet replenishment efforts are purposely designed to achieve greater economies. We will welcome 17 larger, more efficient ships and continue to divest our less efficient ships, representing net capacity growth of approximately 5% compounded annually through 2022. We've been consistent with our execution around measured capacity growth. Overall, we operate an industry that is both under penetrated and capacity constrained, which bodes well for creating new demand in excess of capacity increases. That should allow us to continue to fill our ship at increasingly attractive rates while still providing a better value relative to the equivalent land based alternatives. During the quarter, we also completed additional share repurchases of $266 million, bringing the cumulative total to nearly $5 billion since 2015. This share repurchase of course is in addition to our recurring dividend distributions. We remain on track to deliver our full year guidance as we continue with sustained double digit return on invested capital and continued growth in both earnings and returns over time. And we actually don't need things to be very different in order to deliver sustained double digit earnings growth. Even with minimal yield increases, the capacity we have coming online and the inherent efficiencies and scale advantages we gained from that capacity will help to contain costs and enable us to achieve double digit earnings growth and elevated return on invested capital. Having said that, of course, we will continue to work to create excess demand, over our measured capacity growth to produce even stronger results.  With that, I'd like to turn the call to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2019 first quarter results. Then I'll provide an update on current booking trends for the remaining three quarters of 2019 and finish up with some additional color on our 2019 March guidance. As Arnold indicated, our adjusted EPS for the first quarter was $0.49. This was $0.07 above the midpoint of our December guidance. The improvement was driven by two things, $0.02 of favorability in net cruise revenue, and $0.06 of favorability in net cruise costs without fuel and other expense items, mainly due to timing between the quarters. Both favorable items were partially offset by a $0.01 unfavorable net impact from fuel pricing currency. Now, let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 4.1%. Our North America and Australia segment or commonly known as our NAA brands was up 5%, while our Europe and Asia segment more commonly known as our EA brand was up 2.5%. Our total net revenue yields were up 0.5%. Now, let's break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yields were down 0.4%. Our NAA brands were flat, while our EA brands were down 0.7%. Both segments had tough prior year comparison. However, I did want to note that Caribbean yields turned positive in the first quarter on an 8% capacity increase, also against tough prior year comparisons. Net on board and other yields increased 3.1% with similar increases on both sides of the Atlantic. In summary, our first quarter adjusted EPS was $0.03 lower than last year, as a result of the net impact of fuel pricing currency costing $0.03, with small operational pluses and minuses offsetting each other. Turning to 2019 booking trends, as Arnold indicated, wave season was consistent with the strength in demand we experienced going into the year. Booking volumes for the remaining three quarters of 2019 have been running ahead of the prior year at prices that are in line with last year. Let's not forget that this wave season activity is on top of two consecutive years of record wave season. While prices on overall bookings during wave season are in line with the prior year, prices for our NAA brands were higher, but were offset by our EA brands, driven by their sourcing in Continental Europe. At this point in time, cumulative advanced bookings for the remaining three quarters of 2019 are ahead of the prior year at prices that are in line with last year.  Now, let's drill down into the cumulative book position for 2019. Cumulative advanced bookings for our NAA brands are ahead of the prior year on both occupancy and price, driven by nicely higher prices in the Caribbean and the seasonal European program, while prices in Alaska are lower than last year's record levels. Cumulative advanced bookings for our EA brands are well ahead of the prior year at lower prices, again, driven by our EA brand sourcing in Continental Europe.  During the last year, we have made revenue management decisions, which we believe will optimize our net revenue yield growth for 2019. In fact, even with an overall 4.6% capacity increase, we have less inventory remaining for sale than we had at this time last year.  Finally, I want to provide you with some additional color on 2019. Our adjusted EPS guidance for 2019 is $4.35 to $4.55 versus $4.26 for 2018. The midpoint of our March guidance is $0.20 less than the midpoint of our December guidance, driven by the net impact of fuel pricing currency costing $0.22. We expect higher fuel prices will cost us an additional $0.28, while we are forecasting to benefit from currency movement by $0.06.  In addition, we flow through the $0.02 revenue beat from the first quarter. All other operational changes were small and netted out. One final note for those of you who are trying to forecast the remaining quarters of 2019, we expect most of the 2019 adjusted EPS improvement versus 2018 to occur in the third quarter, which has the easiest prior year yield comparison.  And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thank you. And just had a question on the guidance. I think you had previously said that you expected Q2 yield growth would have been higher than Q1 yield growth. And I know Q1 came in higher than flat, but Q2 guidance seems to not be ahead of the prior guidance, either for Q1? I wondered if you could talk a little bit about, because it sounded like the trends in wave season have been like consistent and how you expected, but maybe it sounds like Q2 wasn't as strong as what you had thought three months ago.
Arnold Donald: Hey, good morning, Robin. Its good to see you in front of the queue again.
David Bernstein: So, Robin, when we put together our December guidance, the numbers were relatively close, some of it was driven by the -- in the first quarter, but the improvement that we saw, 3.1% increase in on-boarding other revenue, those numbers are very difficult to pinpoint each quarter. So overall, we are -- we started out the year with about flat, first half of the year, we beat the first quarter and we didn't see anything changing significantly in the second quarter. So we just maintain the flat yield guidance for the second quarter. The difference between the quarters at all and we're just not that good for a half a point between the first quarter and the second quarter.
Robin Farley: So, was the upside though in Q1 mostly came from the onboard and obviously you don't have the advanced visibility on that. Is there anything about the itinerary differences or anything that or trends that -- are you just saying, just assuming that the onboard upside won't happen in Q2 until you actually see it? Maybe that -- is that how to think about?
David Bernstein: Yeah. So, you know that, overall for the year, I think I said in December, we guide to approximately 2% in onboard overall. The number isnt exactly 2% by quarter, but the overall is approximately 2%. And as I said before, it's very difficult to say exactly what comes in, the itineraries in the markets are very different. There are lots of other programs we can roll out. And we continue to see a strong trend in onboard revenue, and we hope we can do better -- continue to do better in future quarters as well.
Arnold Donald: I think Robin, just the overall guidance for the year just reinforces what we've seen so far. It just gives us confidence on the guidance we've given for the year and we certainly don't see any weakening or anything like that in terms of yield.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: So I guess the first question would be around Europe and maybe if you could help us think that market today versus where you were back in December and I guess, what I'm getting at is the things over there gotten better, have they stayed the same or have certain markets weakened and maybe also if you could talk about the promotional environment over there as well.
Arnold Donald: First of all, as you know, we've got double digit capacity increase in Europe in kind of uneven economic environment. But the reality is, the bookings are strong and we're doing some proactive management. Our yield management teams have decided to be way ahead on occupancy relative, given the capacity increases. And so hopefully we'll have an opportunity to deliver flattish yields or whatever for the course of the year, but the most important thing is to grow earnings. And we are anticipating earnings growth in Europe with the combination of what's going on, but right now we feel solid in where we are. We feel confident and strong again with the guidance and with the fact we're going to grow earnings.
David Bernstein: I don't think anything materially changed from our viewpoint in December if anything, its probably a tad better in Europe. We did split the world that I talked about the NAA brands being at higher prices and the EA brands, their book position being at lower prices. So, if you look at our overall yield guidance for the year, it really is a tale of two different worlds. The NAA brands are probably looking at guidance for the year thats probably double our overall corporate guidance, whereas for our EA brands, you're looking at sort of flattish overall yields built in, and that's how you get to the combined 1%. But nothing has materially changed since December, like I said, probably a tad better than we anticipated.
Steve Wieczynski: And that kind of goes into my second question, David, I guess, I guess one of the questions we've gotten a lot is, so then why would your yield guidance for the year kind of be unchanged, given the 50 basis point beat you had in the first quarter, it seems like the feedback we've gotten from your competitors and the trade relating to wave has been extremely, extremely strong. So what's kind of holding you back from pushing that yield guidance a little bit higher right now?
David Bernstein: So the higher yield guidance in the first quarter was worth $0.02. You're just talking about $0.02 in EPS overall. And so there's still a lot left to go and the uncertainty in onboard and other, and so at this point in time, we're maintaining our guidance for the year operationally overall. There's a lot of other unknown factors, hurricane seasons and lots of other things out there. So we always provide for that and hopefully we have a good hurricane season. But we're in a good well booked position as we had indicated, were ahead of the prior year on increased -- 4.6% increase capacity and we feel very good about our overall situation.
Arnold Donald: We have less volume to go now than we had this time last year, even with the overall capacity increase. So that's, again, reinforcing what you just said, a very strong indicator of successful demand creation, but we're really focused on earnings and I understand people look at yields and it's really difficult to do these comparisons because you had a basketball, orange and a ping pong ball in terms of theirs. And, the comparisons aren't that meaningful because we have such a different mix. We have nine brands with, some are below the fleet average, some are above and so on and so forth. So those are difficult things as we focus on the earnings, growing earnings are growing return on invested capital. But, again, you're right. Things have been strong. And what we have a ways to go when that all the way through yet and we're just as always allowing for things to happen, because there have been headwinds, and there will probably be few shares at once.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: So David, when we look out to the rest of the year, and we think through the second half, just by doing the math, the net yields need to be up a couple hundred basis points, to get to your full year, but at the same time, we're seeing kind of a mix of Europe go up. I know, some of it is your kind of NAA type of seasonal Europe, but we're also seeing your European centric capacity also mixed up. So I'm just wondering if you can kind of help us think through the second half, given the deployment and where Europe falls in that.
David Bernstein: So, for the second half of the year, obviously, given the first quarter yield, and the second quarter guidance, the second quarter clearly is going to be up over 1% in order to get to the first half, sorry, second half over 1%, in order to get to the average for the year of 1%. That is a combination of onboard as well as ticket in the back half of the year. And, we are, when we look at the overall booking trends, particularly in our NAA brands, which I said we're ahead at higher prices, we are seeing that being reflected in the numbers and we feel confident that we can achieve that. The EA brands are off setting some of that, as we had talked about over the last couple of quarters.
Felicia Hendrix: And then can you just talk about Alaska, because it seems like there's -- it's been a bit of a change in what you're seeing there since the last quarter. I think last, on the last call, you said pricing was flat and now you're saying that pricing is down in Alaska. So can you just walk us through what's unfolding there?
David Bernstein: Yeah, I mean, we are seeing -- we do have 17 ships in Alaska. We've got an 8% capacity increase. There are, overall, when you put it all together, the book position, we did say was down versus pricing in line, but keep in mind in December, it was very, very early for Alaska. As you get into wave season, you see a much more substantial portion of Alaska being booked. And -- but remember that 2018 was record pricing in Alaska. And so overall, we feel very good about our pricing it, for the various brands we have up there.
Felicia Hendrix: And just last thing on just the base loading strategy that you're employing in the EA region. And then also, you didn't really comment on the UK. So I was wondering, because your competitors have talked about seeing some volatility there. So hoping you could talk about the UK also, but in the base loading that you're seeing there, have you been able to kind of see any kind of increase in pricing as you get closer to the cruises, in other words, to the actual specific -- in other words, has your base building strategy kind of been successful? And then if you could just comment on UK?
David Bernstein: Sure. So the revenue management strategy we feel has been very successful that we're optimizing the yield for 2019 in total. As I said in my prepared remarks, we did make some revenue management decisions over the last year. We were ahead, in some cases, we were considerably ahead and we have been seeing good improvement close in and overtime. And as far as the UK is concerned, we had said, as Arnold said, there is uncertainty relating to Brexit. The UK is doing okay. But clearly had it not been for the uncertainty, we probably would have done perhaps a little bit better in the UK. It's really hard to  you will never know for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet.
Harry Curtis: I wish I could diversify the line of questioning here. My apologies. I'm wondering about any -- do you have any evidence of improved pricing sequentially, as we look ahead into Europe and Alaska this summer for the balance of the -- for the inventory that you haven't sold, are you seeing some beginning trends in rising sequential pricing for any given week or any given itinerary?
Arnold Donald: I would say its a couple of things. First of all, when you think about the comparisons to prior year, we had tougher comparisons early. So the second half comparisons are not as difficult. So when we start talking and comparing yields first half, second half, you've got a plus from that. In terms of pure pricing, our revenue yield sciences and deploying yield and all the tools were using, they're constantly chasing what's going to create the optimal outcome. And that varies by brand, by itinerary and is built up itinerary by itinerary. So the simple answer to your question is, of course, we're seeing pricing strengthening, as you get close in. Of course, you are. And so we also are saying we're going to have second half yield much strong than the first half yield.  But what we're really saying is we're going to drive earnings and earnings are going to grow this year and in the future, they're going to grow double digit on average, earnings are going to grow this year at single digits, we're working hard to make sure we do even better. And we're going to elevate return on invested capital. So that's the real message but the yield story for us is relatively complex. We've got luxury brands, premium brands, we have nine brands, , different world markets, et cetera. And even when within a brand, there can be yield improvement, it can weigh down the average to our corporation if that brand is below the fleet average. So, it's a complex thing. But overall, the simple answer to your question is, of course, we see strengthening as we close in, we've got less the book.
Harry Curtis: So, I guess it's the sort of the same question repackaged. I'm wondering what level of confidence do you have, particularly in the EA brands that, as we get closer to the third quarter, and that there's a low risk of you having to do some incremental promotion and pricing coming down?
Arnold Donald: We have less to sell. So I think we're in good shape now. And Europe, it had been all along, its just, again, we are along our original guidance there. We -- nothing has weakened or worsened or anything like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Beckel with Bernstein Research.
David Beckel: I'm hearing a lot of emphasis on earnings growth for the long term, and sort of how the revenue management system plays into that. But if my math is correct, it looks like even ex-fuel and 4x, you're looking at sort of 6-ish percent EPS growth this year. So I guess in light of what you've done with your revenue management strategy this year, which is to emphasize, I guess, stability and confidence, how should we, as investors, expect EPS growth to improve going forward? Is it really just European structural weaknesses here or is this lower for longer something that we should expect going forward?
Arnold Donald: Okay, so let's just focus on earnings, because that's a good part. So if you look at the 5%, 6%, thats directionally accurate with what you calculated. We obviously, this year, we have some shifts coming in late in the year. We've got anticipated increased levels of capacity coming for the next several years. So we've obviously, from a cost standpoint, spent more this year in advance of actually having the capacity, what it will take for us to do double digit, I think 1% of yield is equal to something like 25% of earnings per share increase and 1% of cost. It's like 3%. So some combination of one more percent in yield or less and 1% better cost performance was, we are directionally capable of doing or even better, and you're at a double digit earnings growth with the capacity we have.  And so, that's why we have the confidence we have, we understand what's happened with the business, but there's not like structural weakness, when you use those kinds of words, the fact is we've got double digit capacity increase in Europe and the ships are being filled and they're actually ahead on the booking, we've got significant capacity increase in other markets without going in and we don't give guidance by market stuff. But historically, what's happened so far and what we're anticipating, Caribbean is super strong, NAA brands are strong. So there's no real structural weakness, its just dynamics and artifacts of when you bring in capacity, how you spend in advance, prepare all of that. Meanwhile, we're still growing earnings now.
David Beckel: So just a side question attached to that then, if, say, Europe is sort of stabilized for the rest of the year, the expectation I think from your point would be the yield up as you go along. How much sort of upside could we expect from the sort of base loading strategy as that, if that were to materialize throughout the year?
Arnold Donald: I think, again, the guidance were giving you for the year reflects what we think at this point in time our best guess for the results would be. And so we fact it all things in to our guidance, including knowing there's going to be some headwinds that we haven't seen yet or whatever has happened every year and it's already happened this past quarter. And so well work hard to beat the guidance, like we always do, but I think the guidance is reflective of what we anticipate Europe, North American and globally.
David Beckel: And just one quick follow on, there's some concern about the Costa brand and MSCs introduction of new capacity this year and then going forward. Are you seeing a fairly competitive dynamic from MSC, particularly in Europe as it affects Costa?
Arnold Donald: While, we typically feel that the brands are pretty independent of each other and other cruise companies, we need them to fill their ships and fill them early because there is something that relates in the marketplace, with just the psychology of pricing and that can be a cap on what you can achieve, based on what other companies are charging in the marketplace or whatever.  So, having said that, if there is a brand that has a competitive set because of the source market and the proximity, I would say MSC and Costa would probably be the closest to having some significant overlap in competitiveness versus say most of the other brands compared to any of the other brands. But having said that, we feel confident at Costa. We see opportunity from an operational standpoint to grow earnings this year. We have some capacity increase in Costa that is not new build this year and past European part of the business. But next year, we've got Costa Smeralda coming in, she's booked great. So for, I mean, very strong, double digit kind of improvement opportunity there. And so we see Costa being strong and looking forward to the brand, continuing to perform well and perform even better going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: I wanted to ask a little bit about some of the practical implications of Brexit. We're hearing from various consumers that currency and sort of passport issues are sort of their primary travel related concerns, can you maybe speak to those things and correct me if I'm wrong, but if I'm a British passenger, I don't need to worry about fluctuating currencies, if I'm taking one of your ships from the UK. And then secondly, with passports, I know there's a lot of confusion and I know that the British government is trying to get out in front of that. Are there any practical passport issues associated with the various potential outcomes of Brexit as we move forward?
Arnold Donald: Okay, so more broadly, even though there's been uncertainty around Brexit and so on and so forth, the UK brands are doing well and have withstood the headwind, we will have to keep monitoring to see what kind of long term effect specific to you two questions on currency and passport, on the currency side, without PNO brand is British based, a 10 pound sterling, et cetera. So, obviously, no impact there and it's 98%, British guest sailing on PNO on the UK for us. So there that one is fine. Cunard is a British based brand, but it is a global international brand, it has a number of British guests on it, but it has -- every sailing has guests from all around the world. And it's not pound sterling based, so there's some currency potential impacts there depending on fluctuations either way. On the passport issue, I'm not familiar with the details there, but I don't see -- I haven't heard anything from anyone to indicate any extra complications or major problems or where would be a discouragement to cruise or anything like that. So, I don't know the details, but I have heard nothing that would suggest its a problem at all for us.
James Hardiman: I guess what I was just getting at there, it seems like maybe cruises is a more favorable way to travel, given what's going on than sort of going on your own with?
Arnold Donald: Cruise is our more favorite way to travel on the surface.
David Bernstein: Certainly, I think your point that you're trying to make is if you compare it to a land based vacation, particularly in the UK, they're paying in British pounds, and it's British pounds on board. So there is less uncertainty, relative to the currency movement and -- versus taking a land based alternative. 
James Hardiman: That's exactly what I was getting at. And then sort of the second question here, you've talked about the significant capacity increases in Europe as one of the reasons why you're booking ahead but at lower prices. I guess if we peel that back a little bit between the new capacity coming online in Europe versus some of the older ships, anecdotally, when you talk about the new ships, it seems like the pricing there is really good. So, what's happening there, is it that the new ships are sort of cannibalizing and oh, that's a bad word, the older ships in Europe from a pricing perspective or are they both maybe feeling the impacts of higher capacity and maybe economy concerns?
Arnold Donald: In this particular year, there are no new builds. And what would I look? So either we have significant new builds there, but it's not cannibalizing or anything, but in terms of Costa, the new build is not coming until almost the end of this fiscal year. So and IUDO, we have a number of new ships and IUDI is a strong performer overall and we don't have any new ships in this year and PNO.
David Bernstein: Arnold said in his prepared remarks, I mean, the ongoing economic malaise in Continental Europe and all of the heightened political uncertainty in Germany and France is clearly affecting our overall market in Continental Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder: Thank you and thank you for the color on Europe overall. So I mean, just to summarize that, it sounds like the UK, little lumpiness with Brexit, but doing okay, so far. Germany continues to do well, and then the Southern European economy is still ongoing, being the most relevant drag. Is that a pretty fair characterization?
David Bernstein: It's reasonably fair directionally.
Tim Conder: Okay.
Arnold Donald: The reason is, we don't give guidance by brands or markets and stuff. So, thats the only reason why youre hearing the directional comments, but go ahead please.
Tim Conder: Okay. Shifting further EU, just its not a large market, but important long term and thrown in with your commentary was Asia. Just any additional color on China in particular, given the ongoing trade issues and just what you're saying year-over-year, over the last 90 days, have that trended better or worse, about the same. And then on Medallion, the success that you're having on the ships that it's on, is there a way that you can accelerate that either via Medallion or other methods to further gain those benefits, so the customer experience and higher onboard spending? Any additional color you could provide there?
Arnold Donald: Okay, thank you. So first of all, in China, it's still a very small part of our business, we're excited about the Costa Venezia going over to join the Costa fleet in China. Overall, things are strengthening there. There's less capacity expansion than it's been in previous years. And we've expanded our distribution approach and weve had success with that. And so, things are strengthening. Our philosophy there remains the same, that we see it as accretive overall as long as its accretive, a ship will be there. If it's not accretive, we would move it and so, generally speaking, China in particular is definitely strengthening from yield standpoint, et cetera, all that. But we think this could be choppy for a while and so we always prepare to do whatever we need to do right now. We think Venezia in particular is going to strengthen the Cruise in China, period, and definitely be an enhancement to our fleet. And right now, things are going well. With regards to OceanMedallion class, were very pleased with where we are, we have the Caribbean Princess, Regal Princess and Royal princess are all now up and running. Caribbean Princess is probably the most fully activated with many other features capable and ocean being available to the guests. Regal is not quite as far along and Royal, which is on the West Coast right now is just beginning to ramp up. So we see great results, as I mentioned, in terms of guest experience and attitude. We have several more ships that will be brought up to speed and those others will get more of the features the rest of the year.  But, it is new and we want to experience it and we want to make certain that in the end, it is driving not just kind of nice conversation, but also driving the improvements from both a revenue generating standpoint and cost standpoint and a crew experience standpoint. And it looks very, very positive, but it's new and we think we need to win out in a race. We don't have to -- Princess is doing fine, as the other brands, all the other brands have innovations on the way as well that are different. But we're excited about it, but we'll take our time and once we fully activate it, see where we are and one thing we are expanding is the fastest Internet FC, which is Medallion that, which is part of the overall ocean platform, but it's not dependent on the ocean platform. And that's been a huge hit with guests and crew. And so that's something we are more rapidly expanding in the fleet.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then one final if I may, Australia, I think David, you alluded to that, given the recent hurricanes, a little bit of disruption, anything that was material, I guess, quantifiable there from that?
David Bernstein: Yeah, we're just talking about a couple of million dollars. It was probably six cruises that were impacted, but nothing material, just your normal. Brisbane was impacted by the hurricane and some ships came in late in your normal occurrence.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandt Montour with JPMorgan.
Brandt Montour: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. On the back of that question about China, I was just curious on the Venezia, which historically it's been difficult to get Chinese consumers to spend onboard at least the same level as we do here in the West, but realizing it's just in its main voyage now, what have you done differently with that hardware, with that in mind, and/or is it more of kind of an evolution for you in China to mostly change the distribution side of things?
Arnold Donald: Well, a lot of things have to be developed in China, because it's an embryonic market, but in terms of the ship itself, we have some fabulous features on this ship. We've got some really customized gaming venues, which we think it will keep, we have fabulous karaoke area, which we think is going to be a very nice revenue generator for the ship. We have a module area on the ship, which again, could be another good revenue generator. So there are a number of things. In addition, some of the specialty restaurants, we have a hot top restaurant on board for the comfort food that they were like, and so there's quite a number of revenue generating features on the ship that we think will help drive onboard. 
David Bernstein: And there's also significantly more retail space and chops on board, which is a significant contributor to onboard revenue in that market, high end chops in particular.
Brandt Montour: And then apologies, one more Europe question, if I may. David, you mentioned Europe obviously sort of unchanged, perhaps a tad better, would it be possible to just break out that last part into ticket versus onboard in what you're seeing?
David Bernstein: Oh, when I said tad better, I was just referring to the overall booking situation of what I expected in Europe versus, in December versus what we've actually seen happen over the last three months. It's small movements and clearly it's been, like I said, it's had positive, but nothing that is significantly to our guidance at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. As we look forward to next year, you're selling two lower yielding cost of ships and you have a lot of capacity coming on, particularly with higher yielding Princess ships. So are you expecting hardware to be mix positive to yield in 2020? Is that your assumption?
David Bernstein: So for 2020, we haven't given out any particular guidance, but I think weve said overall in the past, that given the size of our company, any mix overall on a yield perspective for the overall corporation tends to be rather small in our overall numbers. So, but we will analyze that as we go forward into 2020 and we prepare guidance, and we'll let you know if anything changes.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. And I know you're talking about longer term double digit earnings growth, and I know you're not giving any guidance beyond 2019. But was there any reason why we shouldn't be thinking in terms of 2020 being double digit earnings growth, and I think just to make the math work in order to get there, you're going to have to see better yields and better cost performance than what you're seeing this year. So, maybe you can just talk to that a little bit? Is that your expectation? And I guess, really, how should we think about that? 
Arnold Donald: Well, as I mentioned, we've had some pre-spend to prepare for the capacity coming not just in 2020, but beyond. And that won't be repeating itself going forward. So, there's clearly some opportunity with cost plus the fact that as you bring the new ships on, theyre inherently more efficient, et cetera. So -- and with the scale, you're leveraging, youre amortizing across more scale. So all of that bodes well for the cost picture. That's number one.  Number two, we're still focused on creating demand. And again, we're not giving guidance to a 2020 or anything, but as you look at things like the brands that are bringing the ships in and the relative pricing and itineraries and so on and so forth, along with the demand creation, things we're doing, we see opportunity.  But the really important thing here is, we don't need a lot to be very different to generate, we are engineering and purposely intentionally on a path to double digit earnings growth on average year in and year out and elevated sustained double digit return on invested capital. And so we don't need a lot to be very different. We don't need to dramatically change anything. If we just execute where we're headed, that's what we'll see. And whether it is or isn't in a given year, on average, it will be, but can be influenced by fuel and currency and other things, but operationally, we definitely are on a path to deliver.
Jared Shojaian: And one more, a follow up to that if I may. Are you expecting to get a fuel expense benefit in 2020, just from lower IFO fuel prices from IMO 2020? And then there's been some recent news just on closed loop versus open loop scrubbers and sort of how that debate is going to play out with just some of the regulatory pressure. Would love to get your take on that and just sort of understand how you could be potentially negatively affected by that closed loop versus open loop debate?
Arnold Donald: Yeah, I think I'll do the open loop close loop first. For us, we have now third party data, including the Government of Japan did their own studies and everything. So, we have plenty of information to provide to courts around the world and authorities around the world that show that open loop is a very effective way to have advanced air quality, systems operate and so we're confident with that. We know there have been some isolated ports that made decisions I think with the information we have and we can provide, we're optimistic. Were prepared either way to be honest, not so much we can go closed loop versus open loop, but in terms of number of ports now, have court ironing, and we plug in any way and so on. So, there's so many dynamics there, we fact all possibilities into our remodeling and we're confident going forward. In terms of fuel prices, the oil companies cant say where the fuel prices are going to be. So I'll let David, he might be able to, I don't know, David, go ahead.
David Bernstein: No, I won't try to predict the price of HFO or bunker or MGL for 2020. But, we have said that in 2019, about 80% of our consumption is bunker and 20% is MGL. We've also indicated that as we move into 2020, we do expect to see about a third of our consumption be MGL. So, it's really hard to tell. Most people are expecting a increase in MGL and a reduction in HFO price as we move into 2020 for the demand. It depends on the direction of each movement and the balance. It's a close call at this point, whether it will be up or down. We do get the benefit on two-thirds if bunker goes down. And we do have, at the end of this year, we expect to have 88 ships equipped with advanced air quality systems, we will continue to implement more across our fleet. So that third, the consumption being MGL, that will decrease overtime back to 20 and even below 20% as we move forward. So operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: The next question comes from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Couple of questions. I do a lot of pricing work and it seems over the years that for European sourced passengers, the timeframe is sort of around May is key in terms of their bookings for European based voyages. Is that something that you have seen and is there possibly a little bit of caution at this point for the European source business? Because we haven't gone through that mini European wave season?
David Bernstein: We have had solid bookings for our European itineraries, both for our North American brands as well as our EA brands. And so I haven't noticed anything in particular in May, over the last few years. But I will ask around and see if I can get any more information on that. 
Assia Georgieva: And the second question, with the extent of dry dock for the Sunrise, which takes place during this Q2, does that have an impact on yield either way?
David Bernstein: No, because you're taking this ship out of service and there's no ALBDs. It actually has a impact on cost, because you do still continue to have some cost per crew and other things during the dry dock period. But there are no ALBDs associated with it.
Arnold Donald: But when she comes out, she will almost certainly command a yield premium. And so that will be helpful. 
Assia Georgieva: Well, we certainly hope for that and expect that. Thank you so much for taking my question.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Arnold Donald: All right, everyone. Thank you so much. We appreciate it. We're totally focused on delivering for the year and then beyond the double digit earnings growth on average and the increased return on invested capital. So look forward. Thank you guys for your interest and talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-12-20 00:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation and plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning, and a sincere happy holidays to everybody.
 Today, I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; by David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and by Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
 Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking; therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Collectively, our people, our fellow team members have achieved a very important milestone, and I'd like to take my prepared remarks on this call as an opportunity to share it with all of you.
 Five years ago, we established a target to deliver by the end of 2018 double-digit return on invested capital. I am very pleased to share that we have achieved double-digit return on invested capital, while finishing the year with another record quarter of adjusted earnings, leading to the highest full year earnings in our company's history, our fifth consecutive year of adjusted earnings growth and third consecutive record year. I sincerely thank our 120,000 team members who went above and beyond to deliver for our shareholders a more than doubling in return on invested capital and near tripling of adjusted earnings per share in just 5 years through executing on our strategy to create demand in excess of measured capacity growth, while leveraging our industry-leading scale. It was their efforts that drove a $12 billion increase in market capitalization and the return of $11 billion to shareholders through strong dividend growth and opportunistic share repurchases, all of which was accomplished, while also achieving A minus and A3 credit ratings from S&P and Moody's, respectively.
 It was also their efforts that enabled us to execute despite a plethora of headwinds, like rising geopolitical tensions all over the world, including the attacks in France and Germany impacting people's willingness to travel; actual geopolitical conflicts affecting our ability to retain some of our high-yielding destinations, like Turkey and Egypt for a period of time; there were disease scares and there were natural disasters like Hurricane Maria and Typhoon Talim; disruptions in China like with the trade and stoppage and travel to Korea; economic malaise in some key countries in Europe, including uncertainty around Brexit; and temporary overconcentration of industry supply at times in regions like the Caribbean. These headwinds caused consternation, in some cases even doubt amongst the investment community that we would, in fact, deliver. Again, I'd like to thank our team globally. It was their passion and their commitment that overcame all of that to still perform. And when combined with the strong support of our valued travel agent partners, enabled our record-breaking results.
 While the journey to sustained double-digit return on invested capital is built on the foundation of exceeding guest expectations every single day, we have had contributions from many areas that helped pave the way to double-digit return on invested capital and have left us better positioned to sustain and grow return on invested capital over time. 
 While the list of areas that will continue to pay dividends going forward is very long, I'd like to highlight just a few. Essential to our core strategy is creating demand in excess of measured capacity growth by increasing consideration for cruise globally and continuing to enhance our already high guest experience. Five years ago, if you had not yet cruised, there was little press coverage that would make you want to take your first cruise. Our proactive public relations effort has clearly had a positive impact. While we believe those efforts have benefited the entire cruise industry, today, our brands consistently capture over 75% of all positive media in our industry, and the absolute number of positive media mentions are multiples of what they were just five years ago.
 Our brand's marketing efforts have shared the spotlight with many well-known personalities who brought with them a greater audience of potential new to cruise to our respective brands, like Oprah Winfrey for Holland America, Shaq for Carnival Cruise Line, Shakira for Costa and Her Majesty, The Queen, for P&O Cruises, just to name a few.
 Our brands were featured on television programs all around the world, including The New Celebrity Apprentice; The Ellen DeGeneres show; the ITV reality show, The Cruise, in its sixth season in the U.K. and Ant & Dec also in the U.K. But we didn't stop there. We created our own original content TV programs, which have already reached more than 400 million views and counting, airing on major U.S. networks, including ABC, NBC, Telemundo and Univision. Our proprietary shows, The Voyager with Josh Garcia, Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin, Vacation Creation and for the Spanish-speaking market, La Gran Sorpresa, are among the most popular travel series on TV using authentic storytelling to share the powerful way travel by sea connects, people, places and cultures around the world. All of these programs and more can also be found on our own television network, OceanView, or our own mobile app, OceanView Mobile.
 Through our history-making voyage to Cuba, we captured over 55 billion very positive media impressions and became the first U.S. cruise operator in over 40 years to bring U.S. cruise guests directly from the U.S. to Cuba. At the same time, opening up an exciting new destination option for our guests through now 3 of our brands, Carnival Cruise Line, Holland America Line and Seabourn, with more planned in the future. We made global news through the historic signing of a joint venture agreement with CSSC, China State Shipbuilding Corporation, forming a local cruise operating company. More importantly, we forged a significant long-term relationship to help build the cruise industry in China, which over time has the potential to become the largest source market for cruise in the world. And we made history with the debut of our Ocean Medallion, our patented guest experience innovation, which enabled us to become the first travel company ever to be asked to keynote at CES, the largest technology trade show in the world. So far, Ocean Medallion has received 36 billion favorable media impressions for our company, and has won recognition globally for our innovation effort, including being recognized by Fast Company as one of the top 10 most innovative companies in the travel category.
 While so far our ocean efforts have increased awareness for cruise globally, particularly in new forums, like technology forums, the opportunity going forward has the potential to be even greater. We believe the Medallion class experience can elevate the guest experience by enabling the delivery of more personalized guest services, including features like expedited boarding, keyless stateroom entry, on-demand food and beverage delivery just about anywhere, anytime, crystal clear and easy-to-follow wayfinding and the absolute best Wi-Fi at sea.
 In the first quarter of full ship operation onboard Caribbean Princess, our Medallion class experience is clearly resonating with guests and with crew. And we now have Medallion class activated for all guests on our second ship, Regal Princess. But ocean is just one of many technology-enabled milestones. Across our other brands, we're in the process of rolling out new technology, both onboard and shoreside, including enhanced targeted marketing, improved CRM capabilities, new mobile app and redesigned website, which collectively contribute to enhanced guest experience, and an empowerment of our travel agent partners, increased revenues and reduced cost of sales.
 Our state-of-the-art revenue management tool, YODA, has been deployed across half the company to facilitate further yield growth, particularly in the second half of 2019 and beyond. Our cruise brand continues to make great strides in furthering the guest experience, whether through new destinations like Cuba, Amber Cove, new terminals, like Barcelona or Dubai. Our multibillion-dollar fleet-wide reinvestment efforts, like Fun Ship 2.0 for Carnival, are signature of excellence for Holland America. Of course, our ongoing fleet replenishment efforts are central to our strategy to create demand in excess of measured capacity growth. Over the last 5 years, we welcomed 12 state-of-the-art larger, more efficient vessels, at the same time exiting 9 less efficient ships from our fleet, building a more return resilient fleet. And we leveraged our scale to reduce cost, achieving cumulative savings of over $350 million in just 5 years, and we believe we have more runway ahead to continue the momentum.
 We also had many notable achievements in our sustainability efforts, including the opening of our significantly expanded Arison Maritime Center in the Netherlands, delivering state-of-the-art maritime training through cutting-edge bridge and engine room simulators and curriculum. And we opened 3 state-of-the-art fleet operation centers around the globe to provide real-time support, ship to shore 24 hours a day.
 On the environmental front, we exceeded our target unit fuel consumption reduction of 25% 3 years ahead of schedule. And we made history just this week with guests sailing on our first ever cruise ship able to be solely powered by even more environmentally friendly liquefied natural gas. We are fully committed to continuous improvement in health, environment, safety and security.
 The last five years have been transformative, achieving breakthrough results against considerable odds. It's a great foundation to build on. In fact, today, our business model is more sound than ever, having built into the fleet even greater return on investment resilience on top of an even stronger balance sheet.
 As our journey continues, we will stay on much the same path to create demand in excess of measured capacity growth, while leveraging our industry-leading scale to deliver a sustained and growing double-digit return on invested capital. That said, the relative contribution from the components of our earnings model may change a bit going forward.
 In the past 5 years, we grew capacity on average 2.5%. We achieved average annual yield growth greater than 3%, while containing cost increases to less than 2% compounded annually. Going forward, our fleet replenishment efforts are purposely designed to achieve greater economies. Over the next 5 years, we will welcome 17 larger more efficient ships and continue to divest our less efficient ships, representing net capacity growth of roughly 5% compounded annually. We expect this more efficient capacity to drive greater earnings growth going forward. Now this higher rate of capacity growth will enable us to better contain cost leaving us less reliant on revenue yield growth to produce double-digit earnings growth over time.
 Our strong and growing cash from operations, which reached $5.5 billion in 2018, is more than enough to fund our debt service requirements, our non-new build capital expenditures, our annual dividend currently $1.4 billion and opportunistic share repurchases. In addition, we have access to $14 billion of committed export credit financing at attractive rates to fund our future growth CapEx. Of course, all of which will continue to be in the context of maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. The underlying fundamentals are strong. Of course, in any given year, a confluence of events can occur that would temporarily disrupt the consistent growth path we've been delivering, but there is no doubt, no doubt that our business is poised to perform extremely well over time.
 Our guidance for next year reflects, once again, delivering record results. We expect net yields in constant currency above this year's historical highs on mid-single-digit capacity growth, producing nearly $1 billion of incremental net revenues, resulting in yet again growth in earnings and end return on invested capital. While this has been a very turbulent time for the equity capital market, we are working to ensure our corporation will come to be valued for the resilience and consistent execution that our portfolio brands has proven over these last 5 years and time and again.
 Going forward, we plan to continue to grow our earnings and to deliver sustainable and growing double-digit return on invested capital over time. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to David. 
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency, unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2018 fourth quarter and full year results. Then, I'll provide an update on current booking trends for 2019 and finish up with some color on our 2019 December guidance.
 Our record adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.70. This was $0.03 above the midpoint of our September guidance. The improvement was revenue driven, $0.08 favorable as increase in net ticket yield benefited from stronger pricing on close-in bookings on both sides of the Atlantic, while onboard and other yields continue to benefit from a variety of our ongoing efforts. The revenue favorability was partially offset by $0.03 from higher net cruise costs, excluding fuel, due to the timing of cost between the quarters and $0.02 from the net impact of fuel price and currency.
 Now let's look at our fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 2.3%. Our North America and Australia segment, more commonly known as our NAA brand, was up almost 5%; while our Europe and Asia segment, more commonly known as our EA brand, was down almost 2%, driven by 2 ship sales earlier in the year.
 Our total net revenue yields were up 3.7%. Now let's break apart the 2 components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were up 2.7%. This was driven by yield increases in Europe, Australia and China itinerary programs, partially offset by lower yields in the Caribbean. However, the Caribbean program in the fourth quarter did reflect the anticipated improving trend from the third quarter. Onboard and other yields increased 6.4%, with similar increases on both sides of the Atlantic.
 In summary, our fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.07 higher than last year, with solid 3.7% revenue yield improvement worth $0.18 and lower net cruise costs excluding fuel per ALBD worth  $0.02, both being partially offset by the net impact of fuel price and currency costing $0.13.
 Now let's look back at the full year 2018. We grew our earnings 12%, with adjusted EPS rising to $4.26 versus $3.82 for the prior year. The $0.44 improvement resulted from a 15% operational improvement worth $0.56, driven by a strong 3.7% revenue yield increase and the $0.09 accretive impact from the stock repurchase program, both of which were partially offset by the $0.21 cost of higher fuel prices and currency.
 Had it not been for the movement in fuel price and currency, our adjusted EPS would have exceeded the high end of the initial guidance range we gave last December of $4 to $4.30. The net improvement over the midpoint of last December's guidance range resulted from 3 things: $0.24 of higher net revenue yield as both net ticket yields and net onboard and other yields exceeded our initial guidance; and the $0.06 from the accretive impact of the stock repurchase program, both of which were partially offset by the impact of fuel price and currency costing $0.14.
 Turning to our cash flows for 2018. Cash provided by operations was $5.5 billion. As a result of our strong cash flows during the year, we were able to return almost $3 billion to our shareholders via the regular quarterly dividend and share repurchases of $1.5 billion.
 Now let's look at 2019 booking trends. Since September, booking volumes for 2019 had been running significantly ahead of last year well into the double digit and well ahead of capacity growth. As expected, prices on booking since September for the Caribbean program are significantly higher as we lap the 2017 weather impact in September. However, prices on overall bookings since September are in line with the prior year, driven by our EA segment sourcing in Continental Europe. At this point in time, cumulative advance bookings for 2019 are considerably ahead of the prior year at prices that are in line with last year.
 Now let's drill down into the cumulative booked position for 2019, first for our NAA brand. The Caribbean program is considerably ahead of the prior year on occupancy at higher prices. The seasonal European program is ahead of the prior year on occupancy at considerably higher pricing, while Alaska is in line with the prior year, a very strong prior year, by the way, on both price and occupancy. Second, for our EA brand. The Caribbean itineraries are considerably ahead of the prior year on occupancy at lower prices and their European itineraries are ahead of the prior year on occupancy at slightly lower prices.
 Booking trends for next year have been strong, driven by yield management decisions, which we believe will optimize on net revenue yield growth. In fact, even with a 4.6% capacity increase, we have less inventory remaining for sale than we had at this time last year. 
 Finally, I want to provide you with some color on 2019. The forecasted capacity increase is 4.6%, which I just mentioned, and is broken down by quarter as follows; 4.1% for the first quarter, 4.6% for the second, 5.9% for the third and 3.8% for the fourth. Based on current booking trends, we expect 2019 net cruise revenue growth of approximately 5.5% and an increase in net revenue yield of approximately 1%, with the first half expected to be up somewhat less than the full year, primarily due to very strong prior year comparison. 
 Now turning to cost. Net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD is expected to be up approximately 0.5% for 2019. Broadly speaking, there are 3 main drivers of the cost change: First, our forecast is for an average of 2 points of inflation across all cost categories globally; second, we are able to more than offset this inflation from the economies of scale we achieved by taking delivery of larger, more efficient ships, while disposing of less efficient ships as well as the cost savings from further leveraging our global sourcing scale; the third and final point relates to certain marketing and other ramp-up costs associated with the 3 ships, which will be delivered late in the year during the month of October as well as other smaller investments in IT and other areas of the business.
 We currently expect depreciation to be around $2.22 billion for 2019 versus $2.02 billion for 2018. And we currently expect net interest expense to be around $220 million for 2019 versus $180 million for 2018. On a year-over-year basis, we benefit from lower fuel prices by $0.34, including the impact of last year's fuel derivative losses, while the stronger dollar unfavorably impacts us by $0.19. The net favorable impact of fuel prices and currency is unfavorable in the first half of the year, but more than offset in the second half. By quarter, the net impacts are $0.03 unfavorable in the first quarter, a $0.01 unfavorable in the second, $0.06 favorable in the third and $0.12 favorable in the fourth. Putting all these factors together, our adjusted EPS guidance for 2019 is $4.50 to $4.80 versus $4.26 for 2018.
 I will finish up by sharing with you our current rules of thumb about the impact that currency and fuel prices can have on our 2019 results. To start with, a 10% change in all relevant currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would impact our P&L by approximately $0.27 for the full year and $0.01 for the first quarter. For fuel price changes, a 10% change in the current spot price represents a $0.21 impact for the full year and $0.05 for the first quarter. Fuel expense in our guidance is $1.45 billion for the full year. 
 And now I'll turn the call back over to Arnold. 
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll get to our first question on the line from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. 
Felicia Hendrix: I have a few questions that just -- before I forget because if I don't ask this first, then I'm going to forget. But just, Beth, if you can give us the first quarter '19 D&A and interest, that would be helpful? 
Beth Roberts: D&A is about 560, and I will come back to you on the interest in one second. Go on to your next question, please? 
Felicia Hendrix: Yes, sure. I think this is both for Arnold and David, and I just was hoping you could give us a few clarifications on your guidance. First, last quarter, you said, you'd see solid growth in 2019. I think for most of us just up 1% doesn't really count as solid, so I was just hoping you could help us kind of with the semantics there? But also, David, I thought some of your commentary was really interesting in terms of the color because it looks like your NAA brands are up on occupancy and prices in each of the regions. You said very nicely strong -- you're using some pretty kind of robust language there. So it seems like in those regions, you're up more than 1% and it seems like your EA brands are dragging things down. So I was just wondering if you could give us some more color on that? And in the EA, what brands are having the challenges with right -- raising prices? And why would -- why? 
Arnold Donald: Okay. So Felicia, first of all, on the opening part about the solid 2019, we're -- we see a very strong base for our business in 2019. We're going to grow our earnings, we're going to grow return on invested capital and so we focus on earnings. As you know, yield is one of the tools that -- to get to earnings and with the capacity increase we have, and at this point in time we're before wave season, we don't have that and, obviously, we have to factor in the unknowns, like we always do. So the 1% is our best guidance. But of course, we're going to be striving to beat that, as we have in previous years, but that's our guidance at this point in time. We also have just a combination of mix issues, which I'll let David talk a bit about. Go ahead, David. 
David Bernstein: So Felicia, the -- keep in mind as we talked in September and, again, I will reiterate, in the first quarter last year, we really did achieve net yield revenue growth of 4%. The Caribbean in the first quarter is nearly half our deployment. And in the first quarter, we were so well booked last year, and we had minimal impact from the weather disruptions. And so that led to nicely higher yields and we have a tougher comparison for the first quarter of 2019. And, however, keep in mind that the Caribbean continues to improve sequentially quarter-to-quarter. The net revenue yield in the Caribbean in the first quarter 2019 is expected to be better than the fourth quarter and that's with significant capacity increase in the Caribbean as well. And then when you look at the second quarter of 2018, we achieved nearly 5% yield increases with the challenging Caribbean. So that was more than offset by high -- net revenue yield growth in other programs of 8%. So all of these factors combined in the first half are headwinds or challenges. And when you put that together, and you combine these with the challenging -- these challenging comparisons, with the uncertain economic environment we have in our EA brand, particularly in the Continental Europe sourcing, where we're experiencing significant double-digit capacity increase to those brands, and as a result of this, we are factoring all of this into our guidance for the year and try -- and we're expecting slight improvements in the second quarter and a stronger second half. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Because ultimately, what I'm just -- I'm trying to do is kind of understand. Your two peers have provided -- they haven't given guidance yet, but they've provided very bullish outlooks for next year. And I'm just trying to call through what the differences might be between what they're seeing and what you're seeing. And it seems like, again, it's coming from some of this uncertainty in your EA brand, which are specific continental brands, which are increasing capacity and perhaps more specific to what's going on at your company than what's going on in the industry, or I mean, in the -- kind of in the marketplace, is that fair? 
David Bernstein: Yes, that's a fair representation. I'd just say when you repeated that, I would add the uncertain economic environment in Continental Europe as well. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And are you seeing -- have you -- yes, and we all know that and we've heard some things, retail and stuff through the quarter, but I'm just wondering if you're seeing a significant change there from when you last reported? 
Arnold Donald: No. I wouldn't say it's significant change or anything. Again -- I think the other difference, Felicia, a bit is, we're really focused on earnings and return on invested capital. And so as we have the higher capacity increases, so even the European brands are going to grow in earnings, okay. And that's where we're driving towards. And so with greater capacity, you're less reliant, obviously, on yield increases. But obviously, we're going to strive to get the yield increases. But at this point in time for our guidance, given we're in front of wave and uncertainties and some of the challenges that were referenced in terms of economies in Europe, we think that's the prudent guidance at this point, but that guidance takes us to where we want to be in terms of earnings and increase in return on invested capital. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And Beth, just whenever you have that interest number that's fine. 
Beth Roberts: It's $55 million. 
Operator: We'll go to our next question on the line from David Beckel with Bernstein Research. 
David Beckel: Just sort of following on with guidance and potential changes in expectation. Last quarter, you indicated that you expected yields in the first half to be -- I'm paraphrasing, but a little bit less robust than what Q4 '18 guidance was, which was interpreted by most to be sort of a little bit less than 2. And so now you're obviously indicating probably a little bit lower than that with maybe a step up in Q2. So I'm just wondering what exactly changed between then and now that informs a more conservative view? 
Arnold Donald: Nothing really changed. I mean, we don't have a more conservative view to be blunt. I mean, we feel confident about the year. Again, we're focused on earnings and return on invested capital. We're giving the best guidance we have at this point. But I would say what's changed is that we're well ahead on occupancy. We have -- even with the capacity increases we have, we have less to fill next year than we had at this point in time last year. And so we're actually seeing strength. And so we're not -- we don't -- nothing has changed. We aren't more conservative than we were before or whatever. 
David Bernstein: We do have more visibility because we've had 3 months of bookings, but we had indicated that our guidance for the first half that the -- would be less than what the guidance we gave for the fourth quarter. But we never quantified the exact number because we had less visibility and said we would give guidance in December, which we are now doing. So nothing -- as Arnold said, nothing has changed. 
David Beckel: Understood. 
Arnold Donald: In fact, we are in a better looking position than even thought at that point in time. 
David Bernstein: Yes. 
David Beckel: So following on that point, specifically, your better booked position, is it fair to assume that YODA has sort of informed or suggested that you increase volumes in bookings or business on the books at the expense of price at this point of the year? Is that an active tradeoff that you made heading into the year? 
Arnold Donald: I think YODA is a tool, and it allows us more frequent inquiry and more frequent adjustments, and it's a powerful tool. It will show up more in the second half of '19 in terms of impacting real results. But fundamentally, it builds up from the bottom. So the key in yield manage to us is by ship, by itinerary, et cetera, and you're looking at it's not just 9 brands, it's all of the itineraries and specifics and it builds up to what it is. So for certain on some of those itineraries, I am sure along with the tool and the experience of revenue management [ scientists ] that with capacity increase they wanted to be at a certain point on the booking curve, et cetera, that may have driven decisions, but there are a lot of other variables. How much you bundle, how much of the bundling is allocated to onboard versus ticket, affinity groups, charters, there's a lot of moving dynamics there from a booking standpoint. But overall, for the guidance in terms of where we'll end up, that's what we have given our best shot at, at this point in time. 
David Beckel: Got it. And just a last quick question, if I could. I want to -- there's a lot of concern about the impact of Brexit and you have a U.K. dedicated line. Just to confirm, have you seen any sort of weakening in demand or purchase intent from that specific market? 
Arnold Donald: We don't give it brand by brand, but the reality is at this point in time, no. 
Operator: And we'll get to our next question on the line from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet. 
Harry Curtis: First question is, what percentage of your business is European sourced? And how does that look through the year? 
David Bernstein: So it's probably in total about 30% of our guests come from Europe. I'm not sure exactly what that is by quarter, but that's in total for the year. 
Beth Roberts: And it's pretty [ confirmed that it is the ] European brand versus from Europe, [ year-round. ] 
Harry Curtis: Okay. And looking at the performance of the stock, it seems to me that after you back out the $0.14 fuel benefit -- fuel FX net benefit in your guidance, your earnings growth is really only up 5% for next year despite the 4.6% lift in new capacity. And I'm a little bit -- and I'm somewhat disappointed that we're not getting more of -- or a higher lift, both on yield and earnings contribution from a bigger growth in your base? 
Arnold Donald: Again, the timing of capacity when it comes on, et cetera, all those things factor in, but what we can assure you is that, we have the foundation for double-digit earnings growth over time -- over the near term here, the medium term. And I don't know exactly the 5%, it might be a little higher than that, but the bottom line is that's our best guidance at this time, and, of course, we're going to be working to beat that. 
David Bernstein: And one of the things that we did, Harry, is, over time, we have made a number of investments in capital and we have mentioned this on the previous calls, so that the depreciation went up a bit more than capacity, which impacted the numbers you're referring to. And these are investments, which we believe over time will pay dividend. So I think we're in very good shape, as Arnold indicated in his prepared comments, looking forward in the future. 
Harry Curtis: And just a real quick question on your cash flow. How much capacity do you, really have to buy back stock next year, given the bulge that you see in CapEx, because with the dividend already at $1.4 billion, you're pretty much using most of the operating cash flow after CapEx. So to what degree do you feel like you want to turn to your balance sheet to buy back stock? 
David Bernstein: Well, we ended the year with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.96. So we do have some room on the balance sheet side. And so if you take a look at our guidance for 2019, we would end the year assuming no buybacks, which, as you know, is the way we put together the guidance, it is slightly above 2x. We have almost $700 million remaining on the authorization. So clearly, we have the flexibility to complete the authorization. And beyond that, the buyback is a board decision and we'll be discussing that with the board. But one thing I did want to mention, because you brought up capital expenditures and cash flows, is the capital expenditure forecast going forward. And let me just give you the years -- the numbers by year and then explain the changes. So for 2019, our CapEx number is $6.8 billion; for 2020, its $5.7 billion; for 2021, it's $5.9 billion; and for 2022, it's $5.3 billion. The 2019 number is probably higher than you'd seen before, but keep in mind, as we mentioned in the press release, we had the delay delivery of the AIDAnova and it was just simply delayed from November to December. So the CapEx that we anticipated in 2018 just fell into the first month of the new fiscal year. The other numbers have also gone up. We got some feedback because typically, our cap -- the CapEx that we were giving out was new ships that were contracted for as well as non-new build CapEx, the capital improvement. And so every time we ordered a new ship, our annual CapEx numbers went up. So what we've done is, we've tried to anticipate the new ships we plan to order, and we've included that in the total CapEx projections. So hopefully, we get that -- you'll see the numbers will be much closer in the future as we go forward. 
Operator: We'll go to our next question on the line from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. 
Steven Wieczynski: So I have got to ask another European question, you probably are going to get sick of this stuff, but I think that's where we're getting most of our questions here this morning. And I think there's panic out there at this point because you have seen some -- whether it's tour groups or retail providers, start to call up some weakness in certain parts of Europe. So I want to ask this a little bit differently, but I guess, in some of your key European brands, whether it's P&O, Costa, AIDA, whatever you want to look at, have you seen any material changes there in terms of onboard trends that you might want to call out in the last couple of weeks or last month or whatever time frame you want to look at? 
Arnold Donald: No, no, not at all. I would say that, obviously, there are some challenges in Europe broadly on continental Europe from turbulent economies or what have you. But the bottom line is with everything we just told you, our European -- our EA brands are going to grow in earnings and they are absorbing the capacity. They're going to be better than they've ever been. And so for us, it's still very strong. On a relative basis, average to the fleet, all those kinds of things, all that impacts our average numbers that we share with you guys. But in the end, we are focused on growing earnings and growing return on invested capital. Our makeup is different than some of the others in the industry. But Europe is going to grow earnings. Europe is doing well. They're absorbing their capacity and they are absorbing it, and we'll see they're working to grow yields in the end and we will see where we end up. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. And second question would be just in terms of your yield guidance, in general, and maybe what's embedded in there for onboard? And obviously, you're coming off a couple of years of very strong onboard trends, and I guess I'm wondering if you're taking a little bit more conservative view around that metrics -- that metric, even not only the tougher comparisons, but maybe also some global economic uncertainty as well. Is that a fair way to kind of characterize that? 
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, we haven't generally historically seen onboards impacted by economic environments the way they have in ticket. The way we put this together is the onboard and other increase is slightly above the 1% overall. And the net passenger or the net ticket is slightly below, getting you to that 1% for the whole year. So -- and typically, I think I've said this in the past, we do typically use sort of a 2-ish percent onboard and other guidance number as we go forward and we work very hard to do better than that. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, there's a blurring between ticket and onboard. Brands try different combinations as they move along their booking curve and whatnot. So -- but clearly, pre-wave we have a little bit better visibility on yield, on ticket yield. Obviously, on onboard, we just have to factor in whatever we can and come up with a forecast, but we work hard to beat it, and that's what our team is about. But we -- the guidance we've given you, we see the foundation for what we promised, which is over time double-digit earnings growth and continued growth in return on invested capital. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. And David, one quick housekeeping question. I guess, can you help us think about maybe when you put together your fuel guidance? And I guess, what I'm getting at there is, if we kind of, obviously, look at fuel prices over the last week or 2 weeks, it's obviously collapsed a little bit more. So just trying to figure out maybe at what point in time, you were -- you essentially put that together? 
David Bernstein: Yes. We -- it was a couple of days ago. Brent at that moment was $59. I know fuel has moved considerably. Keep in mind, Brent is just one factor, there's also the crack spread as well in determining our fuel price. So look at both of those before you do your calculations. 
Operator: We'll get to our next question on the line from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: I was struggling a little bit I guess... 
Arnold Donald: Robin, you are deep in the call this time. Normally, we would have heard from you by now. 
Robin Farley: I know. I'm not sure what happened. I [ think it ] was a little bit. With how much you exceeded close-in guidance, by 170 basis points at the midpoint, is there something about the close-in activity that you think won't recur? Something that has, obviously, been driving your results to come in like 150-plus basis points over the last several quarters that is nonrecurring or that sort of -- that you think the trend is going to change? 
Arnold Donald: I'll make a comment, and I'll let David comment as well. Frankly, as you know, Robin, by now working with us, there are so many unknown things that happen every year. And so we find it prudent to anticipate -- you can't anticipate unknown things, but anticipate that things are going to happen. And that's always in our guidance at this point of the year. If more things happen, that guidance seems to be prudent. If fewer things happen, that guidance seems conservative. And we never know what the future is going to hold and whether it's going to be more less or the same. And that will be my general statement. I'll let David make a comment. 
David Bernstein: Yes. You know if you break up the pieces, the onboard and other probably accounted for 60-ish or 65% of the improvement. And we have very little visibility on the onboard and other going into the quarter. So that's just a factor of our business. And fortunately, we worked hard and we did better in the onboard and other, which drove it. 
Robin Farley: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just as follow-up. You were calling out some of the continental sourcing brand, the softer -- the uncertainty there. Did they exceed your expectations on a close-in basis in Q4? Or no, did they come in just as you anticipated or did they also come in a little better than your expectations? 
David Bernstein: No. I did say in my prepared remarks that the close-in bookings was stronger on both sides of the Atlantic. 
Arnold Donald: So they exceeded. 
Robin Farley: So that includes the continental, not just the U.K.? 
David Bernstein: Yes, both of -- yes, North America as well as Europe. 
Robin Farley: Okay. But I asked you -- I meant, the continental brand, not just the U.K. 
David Bernstein: Yes, the continental, yes. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. 
Robin Farley: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then this is just a very minor last question. Before some of the EPS impact from the AIDAnova delay, don't the shipyards usually pay a penalty, where, in other words, there would not be an earnings impact for you? I was just surprised to see an earnings impact when usually the yard would cover that. 
David Bernstein: Yes, they do. There are liquidated damages, but the accounting rule say that we have to reduce the net book value of the ship by the liquidated damage payment. So unfortunately, it doesn't go through the P&L and -- but we made [ a hole ] by those losses. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. It's the balance sheet, yes... 
Operator: We'll get to our next question on the line from Jared Shojaian from Wolfe Research. 
Jared Shojaian: So you made some comments about how the higher capacity growth leaves you less reliant on yield growth? And I appreciate that there are yield mix differences between each of your brands. But I would still think that every ship you're taking delivery of should still be yield accretive to your system yields, just given that your system yields are already more weighted to the contemporary segment. So I guess, the question is, shouldn't this incremental step up in capacity growth in 2019 and beyond give you a tailwind on the yield side relative to the prior years? Or do you disagree with that thought? 
Arnold Donald: Within a brand, in general, true. And not necessarily clearly on yield, but definitely on earnings for that brand. But across the brand, it depends where the capacity is, if [ you have a ] mix. So we have some brands that have are below our fleet average and yield and some that are above. Greater capacity increases in those that are below is still earnings accretive. It grows our earnings, but it doesn't necessarily allow you to grow as much in yield because it's holding back as you get more capacity and a below average fleet. You can understand the math. So that's only about the [ capacity. ] There's a bunch of other variables, too. Because again, what is included in ticket versus in booking kind of -- is included in ticket versus onboard. And then, if we shifted to more onboard, we have to actually realize that in onboard. And again, we're giving you guidance right now, we're not reporting actuals for 2019, we're giving you guidance. And so all of those factors come into play, but it's not automatic that everything will just [ floss ] up because it's not all even. Certain brands have capacity 1 year, other brands the next year, increased capacity, et cetera. 
David Bernstein: We have given our size -- yes... 
Arnold Donald: I want to leave with you at this. I understand why you guys focus so much on yield, but it's one lever to grow earnings. For us, again, we're totally focused on growing the earnings and return on invested capital. And we're managing everything to effect that. And there's timing issues of when capacity comes in, when capital is recorded on and on and on. All that mix of stuff confluence of things can create, at any point in time, a particular number. But what happens over time is what we're focused on. And clearly, we're going to grow earnings on top of a record year that we just experienced. We're going to grow return on invested capital. We've got the double-digit return on invested capital, and we're going to do that in the year. And then we're going be double-digit on average over the near term in earnings and continue to grow return on invested capital. We have a very strong business with very strong demand. 
Jared Shojaian: Okay. And then just switching gears here. Last quarter, you announced the 4 ship sales for 2019. Can you just talk about the strength of the transaction market? And whether you think the new IMO 2020 rules may be driving more of a robust secondary market right now as really the private companies look to become more compliant? And then I guess, on that, how are you thinking about additional ship sales beyond the 4 that you've already announced? And is it possible that you could do more in 2019 in the near term here? 
Arnold Donald: Yes, the practical reality to us if the ship is relevant to our guests and is delivering double-digit return on invested capital and we'll -- as we have to invest more in that ship over time, we'll continue with the ship in the fleet if it's relevant to the guests and it's earning its keep. If it's not, then the ship will be gone. And so in terms of there being a robust secondary market, there's no question the secondary market has opportunity, not only because of eco regulations, but simply because the aging of the ships that are in the secondary markets. Those ships are now -- many of them are getting 40, 45 years old and they're just going to need to rotate out. So there should be a market for a number of the ships, but at the same time, to drive earnings and return on invested capital, if we had a need to scrap a ship and not sell it, we would do that. We don't see that at this point in time, but if it came to that, we have no problems doing it. 
David Bernstein: We've also -- over time, we sold 28 ships since 2006. So it's been roughly 2 ships a year and it's hard to predict. It depends on the demand in the market, but we say consistently, we'd likely sell 1 to 2 ships a year over time as the ships get older, which isn't a big surprise. 
Arnold Donald: But we're not going to hold on to an underperforming asset because we're not able to sell it. I mean, we would scrap it if we had to. I don't anticipate that, but if we had to do it, we would do it. 
Operator: We will get to our next question on the line from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup. 
Frederick Wightman: It's actually Fred Wightman, on for Greg. If we look at the full year guide for net cruise costs, just compared to the first quarter outlook, can you remind us what's driving some more of that favorable outlook beyond 1Q? 
David Bernstein: So overall, our guidance, as we put it together and I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do have the capacity increase, we get economies of scale from that. We have our global sourcing efforts where we're leveraging our scale. So those are 2 major items that I had indicated are more than offsetting inflation for the full year. When you look at the quarters, I know the first quarter was up, like, 2% -- in the full year, we're talking about being up just 0.5%. So what that implies is that the rest of the year is relatively flat. I always say judge us on overall the cost for the year because there are timings between the quarter, whether it be things like drydock or advertising that does vary year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter. 
Frederick Wightman: That makes a lot of sense. And then I think you had mentioned the China ticket prices were up in 4Q. Wondering if you could just talk a bit about the broader yield environment in that market today? Are things stabilizing? How are you thinking about industry capacity in that market and competition overall? 
Arnold Donald: Things are definitely better than they were, say, a year plus ago. In China, some of that is -- there's has been capacity that's moved out. But a lot of it is, frankly, the distribution system just becoming more familiar with cruise. So we see China, again, as small, very small part of our overall mix today. We see the real opportunity, of course, being our joint venture with CSSC and building a domestic cruise brand there. But there's [ 1s and 2, 3 ] ships in and out. So it's a market that is more important for the development for the future than it is right now. But just in terms of yield environment, the yield environment is certainly better. 
Operator: We'll get to our next question on the line from Jaime Katz with MorningStar. 
Jaime Katz: I just had one quick question. I think you guys mentioned the rollout of the Ocean Medallion on the Caribbean Princess. I'm curious if you guys have any learned lessons from that yet? Whether that has stimulated incremental onboard spend? And if so, is there a timeline to roll it out the rest of the brand? 
Arnold Donald: Thank you, and happy holidays to you. Look, we're very excited about Ocean, but it's still at the early stages. And so to answer your question directly, yes, we've seen blips here and there, but we want to see consistent delivery and performance over time before we make any hard assessment on revenue and ticket yields. And keep in mind, it's new technology. So maybe you have an Apple phone, I don't know if you ever use your AirDrop feature on it, if you happen to have one, you know a lot of people don't know the AirDrop even exists; if they do, they don't know how to use it and so on, but it's a great feature if you want to just share photos at an event or something. And once people use it, they love it. So similarly for us, with ocean, there so many features, our crew has to get used to it and then, of course, we have to activate with guests and guests have to become familiar with it. We have every indication from guest satisfaction scores, from crew satisfaction scores, that it's definitely elevating the guest experience and the crew experience and now we see potential, but it is new. And so we have to let it play out. We have the full ship now active on Regal Princess. We have 6, 7 other Princess ships ready to go when the time comes. And we're learning and educating and practicing and experiencing, meanwhile the guests are having a great experience with it. But we see potential, but it's a little too early to count the chickens. 
Operator: We'll get our next question on the line from line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Timothy Conder: I wanted to circle back on the topic of the day, Europe continental sourcing. Any comments that you can give us by color, Italy, Germany and U.K. Obviously, your 3 main source markets. I mean, U.K. is not on the continent. So Italy and Germany, a lot of budgetary uncertainty over the last couple of months in Italy. How has that impacted? And is that -- are you seeing any similar type of impact with changes in the government in Germany and maybe one being impacted more than the other? 
Arnold Donald: Okay. I'll start and I'll let David fill in what the details are. First of all, I just want to emphasize, again, that Europe is strong, and we're talking double-digit capacity increase and number of brands there that are ahead on bookings with less to book even with that capacity increase than they've had even last year. So first comment is, it's strong, that's number one. Number two is that, yes, in general, the average ticket yield there is less than the average for our fleet. And so even with a strong performance, it can pull down when we give you an average number, especially at booking time. Across 9 brands, it can pull down the yield picture, but it is strong. And so I'll let David color in on, but Germany is strong and U.K. is strong. Go ahead, David. 
David Bernstein: So overall, we're well ahead of the prior year and on an increased level of capacity. So as Arnold said, we are -- things are very strong and we see an improving trend. I mean, overall, we [ say it ] on a cumulative position, where pricing is in line. And when you look forward, you see that the second half of the booked position for the rest of the year is obviously -- is expected to be up considerably from where we are to date to get to the 1% yield guidance. So we're seeing positive trends, we're seeing very strong volume. And we are seeing a lot of economic uncertainty within those countries that you mentioned, which is impacting the overall booking situation, which we've said before that economic uncertainty does affect the consumer, which affects our business. 
Timothy Conder: Okay. So it sounds like that maybe Italy is the lead of the problem then followed by Germany and U.K. is doing well? 
Arnold Donald: Let me -- first of all, I can't emphasize enough. There is no problem. We're talking double-digit capacity increase, our bookings are ahead of where they were last year. We have less to book even with double-digit capacity increases in some of those brands than we had last year. So there is absolutely no problem. Those brands are going to grow their earnings this year over last year. So we had a growth in earnings. So there really isn't a problem. You're just talking weighting of averages and numbers, but there is not a problem in the market, there's is not soft demand, there's -- none of that's happening. 
Timothy Conder: So mix, as you said, some brands yield lower, but still have higher profitability there, is that the key? 
Arnold Donald: Well, the fact is, even though they may be below the fleet average, they earn money. And then even if they improve year-to-year, they may not get to the average of the fleet. So you're still not seeing an overall increase in yield as they have more capacity that can pull it down. Now in the end -- by the end of the year, by the time we get there with onboards and everything, your mix may not even have any impact; historically, it doesn't, okay. But we've got unusual capacity increases in some of the brands and so we'll see what happens. But it's not -- there's not a problem. The only reason why you guys feel, I think, some of you might is because you're so focused on the yield number, which is definitely a lever in growing earnings and return on invested capital, but it's not the only lever when you have a portfolio of 9 brands with lots of moving parts. It's not as simple a picture as a simple yield number. And when you try to compare it to other companies, you're comparing apples and oranges. And so the comparison, you'd have to get to a huge amount of detail, which we don't do, we won't provide you details by every brand because it's not how we run the business for obvious reasons. We run the business by brand, but we wouldn't share that, right? 
Timothy Conder: Okay, okay. No, no. Lastly, back to the fleet and kind of maybe looking a little bit longer-term here. David, you talked about in your earlier comments about the D&A being up, given the reinvestments. How should we think about that looking now over the next 3 to 5 years? Obviously, you'll have ship retirements. Obviously you've got ships on order. But just given the scale of the fleet, should we anticipate that existing fleet reinvestment rate to further accelerate and then, therefore, D&A maybe to grow at a higher clip from that reinvestment alone, excluding that new ship orders? 
David Bernstein: It's really hard to say because there's a lot of decisions yet to be made over time. But we've been saying for a couple of years now that the expectation is that D&A would grow a few percentage points higher than capacity. And exactly how many -- we've got a lot of decisions left to make to determine that, but that should help in your modeling. 
Operator: We'll get to our next question on the line from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. 
Assia Georgieva: I had one quick question. If you look at the cadence of yields for fiscal 2019, and again, I understand that we still don't have European source passenger bookings quite firmed up, occupancy is up, but we probably still need a couple more months, would it be fair to say that Q1 might be the weakest link in the year and as we go through Q2, 3 and 4, we might see actually higher yields, higher earnings? 
David Bernstein: So I did indicate in my comments that the first half was a tougher comparison. And so we do see this back half being stronger than the first half. And we do see an improving trend in the second half ,which was a little bit of what I was getting at before. So you are correct in your paraphrasing of the year. 
Assia Georgieva: Well, David, I was trying to paraphrase and try to actually dig a little bit deeper. So Q2 is going to be better than Q1, is that a fair statement? 
David Bernstein: That is what we expect at this time, it builds into our overall guidance. 
Assia Georgieva: And in Q4 because you're getting new builds, that should be a good quarter as well? 
David Bernstein: We're getting new builds in late October. So the impact is very minimal in the year, it's like just a month, so careful about that. And keep in mind that every month in the quarter is not the same, and now you're going to get into the mix impact as well in a quarter. 
Assia Georgieva: That is totally fair. 
David Bernstein: So operator, we will take one more call. 
Arnold Donald: One more question. 
Operator: We'll proceed then with our final question for today from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I guess, there's been a lot of commentary about mix and all of that, and perhaps just to clarify because it sounds as if Europe growing so quickly is part of the dynamic with the yield outlook for next year. Within that construct of looking at Europe versus Europe, are you expecting yield to be positive in the EA, but it's the mix that's bringing down the consolidated? I just want to make sure I understand that correctly. 
David Bernstein: Generally speaking, we don't -- while I do make commentary historically on the actuals, we don't give guidance by brand or by segment of the business. But we -- as Arnold said before, we see the volumes being strong on both sides of Atlantic, in Europe as well as in North America. And we're well-positioned to achieve our guidance and we're working hard to do better than that. 
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you all very much. First of all, I just want to reiterate that we're marching down the path to double-digit earnings growth and continued growth from return on invested capital. Clearly, on the bookings that we shared with you, given the environment, some of our brands have chosen to put more business on the book earlier to optimize in an uncertain environment. But even with the uncertain environment, we're going to grow earnings, we're going to grow return on invested capital and we're marching down the path. I want to thank you all very much. I'd like to acknowledge 120,000 colleagues here at Carnival Corporation, again, for delivering on the promise of double-digit return on invested capital this year. And I really want to wish everyone a joyful, safe, and happy holidays. Thank you all very much. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for participation. I ask you to disconnect your lines, and have a great day, everyone.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-09-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - CEO, President Micky Arison - Chairman David Bernstein - CFO & CAO Beth Roberts - SVP, IR
Analysts: Steve Wieczynski - Stifel David Beckel - Bernstein Research Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Jaime Katz - Morningstar Research Robin Farley - UBS Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; as well as David Bernstein, Chief Financial Officer, and Beth Roberts, our Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. We delivered a record third-quarter earning $1.7 billion on revenues of 5.8 billion, the highest quarterly performance in the history of our company. Adjusted earnings of $2.36 per share were higher than last year's record breaking result of $2.29 and $0.09 above the midpoint of June guidance. Once again, our operating performance overcame fueling currency moving against us this time by a further $0.02 per share compared to our June guidance, bringing the total drag to $0.08 for the quarter compared to the prior year. Strong execution will deliver a further $0.09 of improvement to the bottom-line this year compared to our June guidance, more than overcoming a further $0.06 drag from fueling currency, enabling us to increase our full-year guidance by $0.03 from a range of $4.15 to $4.25 to $4.21 to $4.25. Again, these results are testament to the effort of my fellow very passionate team members across our company globally who go above and beyond every day and of course also a testament to the tens of thousands of travel professionals who so enthusiastically support our brands. On another note, since we released our sustainability report this quarter, it is appropriate to point out the combined efforts of our 120,000 plus team members also furthers our strong commitment to sustainability, helping to achieve a 26% unit reduction in carbon emissions since establishing the goal, surpassing our 2020 target three years ahead of schedule and leaving us on track to achieve nine additional sustainability goals as discussed in our recently published annual report, sustainability from ship to shore. We also closed the quarter on another positive note, celebrating the naming of our AIDAnova at a spectacular open air concert and light show by Grammy-winning DJ and producer David Guetta at the Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg Germany. The sold-out event was attended by more than 25,000 people and viewed online by thousands and thousands more, another example of how we create demand for our world leading cruise line brands. This next generation ship was designed exclusively for our German guests and reinforces our leading industry presence in Germany twice that of our closest cruise peer. AIDAnova is also significantly more efficient. In fact, she is over 20% more unit cost efficient and over 35% more fuel efficient than the AIDA fleet average, which bodes well for returns in the future. AIDAnova makes history as the world's first cruise ship ever to be powered in port and at sea by liquefied natural gas, which is yet another of our many efforts to further environmental stewardship. During the quarter, we completed contracts for two more next generation ships powered by LNG both for our Princess brands to be delivered in 2023 and 2025, bringing the total number of ships on order fully powered by LNG to 11. All ongoing efforts by our brands to create demand this past quarter included Carnival Cruise Lines launching Homeport Advantage campaign highlighted by a customized airship. The blimp visited a number of critical port cities to raise awareness for Carnival Cruise Lines' industry-leading 18 U.S. embarkation options. In the process, Carnival showcased four of its fleet ships. In fact, just last week, the Choose Fun airship came to Miami to welcome Carnival Horizon to its new year around homeport. It was done with a well publicized events hosted by Carnival's Chief Fun Officer, Shaquille O'Neal and players from Miami Heat. This month-long campaign has garnered nearly 200 million media impressions. Holland America announced a partnership with Rolling Stone to create Rolling Stone Rock Room, bringing a live classic rock experience to its innovative Music Walk complementing Lincoln Center Stage, Billboard Onboard and B.B. King's Blues Club. Holland America Line also partnered with O Magazine for a new girls getaway cruise to be offered onboard their next ship Nieuw Statendam, Oprah Winfrey, the ship's godmother will personally join this very special sale. Princess topped 1 billion media impressions on the back of its Summer of Shark campaign, building on a strong partnership with Discovery Channel and the 30th anniversary of Shark Week. Also luxury brand Seabourn received approval to begin sailing to Cuba, featuring five ports of call in Cuba. Seabourn is our third brand also departures to Cuba joining contemporary Carnival brand and premium Holland America. In total, we have 7 ships and 80 calls in Cuba next year, 50% more than this year. In the UK, P&O Cruises revealed the name of its newest ship Iona in a social media event featuring UK TV personality Stephen Mulhern. Iona opened to strong demand with its first day of sales achieving double, the record volumes Britannia had four years ago. For Cunard, new global deployments have been driving strong demand. They just completed the third Transatlantic Fashion Week a very successful program. Next summer, Cunard will return to Alaska for the first time in 20 years, which has also been booking very strong. In Italy, Costa celebrated its 70th anniversary with a highly publicized festival in hometown Genoa, joined 120,000 plus attendees and millions of media mentions. We also made meaningful progress on our innovation efforts this past quarter, again putting our industry-leading scale to work. As you know, this quarter, we completed the rollout of YODA, our state-of-the-art revenue management tool to six of our brands, which will continue to drive incremental revenue particularly in the second half of 2019 and beyond. We achieved a major milestone this quarter in our measured ramp-up of our Ocean platform, having our first full ship Caribbean Princess with all guest onboard experiencing Ocean Medallion class cruising. Guest satisfaction scores onboard Caribbean Princess for the period are up substantially and are among the highest in the fleet. We continue to make refinements and add more features while pacing ourselves toward expanding deployment across the Princess fleet. We are closing in on fiscal 2018 and remained on track to deliver record full-year results and more importantly achieve double-digit return on invested capital based on the strategy we put in place five years ago. We are also very excited to usher in 2019 as we continue in our journey to sustain double-digit returns of invested capital with continued growth in both earnings and returns overtime. Next year, four new more efficient ships will enter service beginning with Holland America's new Nieuw Statendam, Guy Princess, Costa Esmeralda, purpose-built for our European guests and Costa Benicia, Costa's first ship to be purpose-built for China. As you can see our new capacity is vastly deployed across different brands as well as different source markets and destinations. At the same time, we have sold into the secondary markets, a higher number of ships than past years. We recently announced four ships will leave the fleet next year. We will continue on our path of measured capacity growth, adding more efficient ships, replacing less efficient ships over time. Also, we are expecting net capacity growth to be 4.7% next year, and below 5% compounded annually through 2022. And with 20 ships on order which are scale free economies, we expect this more efficient capacity to drive greater earnings growth going forward. And we have been consistent with our execution around measured capacity growth, we are spreading that growth over a number of brands and increasing number of geographic regions, and we are careful when and where we add capacity. As always, there will be temporary overconcentration of capacity in individual markets, there are every year, and as we have demonstrated, we can and will continue to manage that because overall we operate in an industry that is both underpenetrated and capacity constrained, and we are working aggressively to grow demand for our brands, which will allow us to continue to fill our ships at increasingly attractive rates while still providing a better value relative to the equivalent land-based alternatives. We look to continue to drive earnings and return on invested capital as we shift towards higher capacity increases and cost-containment, driving proportionally more about growth in earnings, leaving us less reliant on the same levels of revenue yield improvement to continue to achieve higher earnings and returns. At the same time, our strong cash flow and balance sheet enabled us to accelerate our share repurchase program. Optimistically, acquiring nearly $750 million of Carnival shares this June, and investing over $1.2 billion in share repurchases so far this year, bringing the total to $4.4 billion cumulatively since resuming the share repurchase program just three years ago. In fact, we replenished the share repurchase program back up to $1 billion twice this year, first in April and again this past quarter. The share repurchases of course is in addition to our recurring dividend distributions. As you may recall, we also increased our quality dividend in April, bringing dividend distributions to $1.4 billion annually. Our strong cash flow and balance sheet leave us well positioned to continue to opportunistically return cash to our shareholders. We remain unwaveringly committed to growing earnings and growing return on invested capital overtime, through a combination of creating demand in excess of measured capacity growth, while containing cost and leveraging our industry-leading scale. Our team has continued to deliver and that execution when combined with the strong fundamentals that characterize our industry along with continued successful efforts to create demand as demonstrated by the many achievements already realized to sustain the momentum, we confidently remain on track to deliver double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency, unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2018 third quarter results then I'll provide an update on our full year 2018 guidance and finish up with some insights on booking trends and a few other items to consider for 2019. As Arnold indicated, our record adjusted EPS for the third quarter was $2.36. This was $0.09 above the midpoint of our June guidance. The improvement was primarily driven by two things, $0.06 from increased net ticket yields, which benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic and $0.03 from lower net cruise cost excluding fuel due to the timing of costs between the quarters. Now let's look at our third quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 1.7%. Our North America and Australia segments were commonly known as our NAA brands were up approximately 3%, while our Europe and Asia segment, more commonly known as our EA brands were down about 1%, driven by two ship sales earlier in the year. Our total net revenue yields were up 2.9%. Now let's break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yields were up 2.2%. This was driven by a number of factors. First an increase in our NAA brands in Alaska on like for like itineraries which had higher yields than last year's record levels. Second, increases in yields for our NAA itineraries in Europe. And third, increases in yields for our EA brands in Europe and China. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in our NAA brands itineraries in the Caribbean as included in our previous guidance due to last fall's weather impact. Net onboard and other yields increased 5.1% with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. In summary, our third-quarter adjusted EPS was $0.07 higher than last year with solid 2.9% revenue yield improvement worth $0.18 and the $0.06 accretive impact of the stock repurchase program both being partially offset by higher net cruise cost excluding fuel which cost $0.08 as well as the unfavorable impact from changes in fuel price and FX rates costing another $0.08. Next I want to provide you with an update on our full year 2018 guidance. As Arnold said, our full-year September guidance is now in the range of $4.21 to $4.25. We continue to have strong operational performance. The $0.03 improvement in the midpoint of our September guidance was essentially driven by three things. First, we flow through each sense of operational benefit from higher revenues, $0.06 occurred in the third quarter with an additional $0.02 from further improvements we are now forecasting for the fourth quarter. Second, we benefit from $0.02 accretion relating to the shares repurchased since the start of the third quarter. And third, higher fuel prices, net of fuel derivatives and the stronger dollar is expected to unfavorably impact the year by $0.06 in total for $0.03 each. While our guidance for net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD did increase from 1% to 1.5%. This was offset by favorability and depreciation and amortization. Most of the variances in both of these line items relate to the accounting treatment for ship sales during the quarter. Turning to 2019 booking trends. Since June, booking volumes for the first half of 2019 have been running significantly ahead of last year's pace, at prices that are lower than the prior year. Pricing was up in all of the major programs, but more than offset by lower prices in the Caribbean, which represents almost 40% of our capacity for the period as we are comping to pre-2017 weather impact. If we isolate the first half of September which was impacted by the weather last year, booking volumes for the first half of 2019 have been running significantly ahead of last year's pace well into the double-digit at prices that are higher than the prior year. At this point in time, cumulative advance bookings for the first half of 2019 are ahead of the prior year at prices that are in line. Now let's drill down into the cumulative booked positions for the first half of 2019. First, for our NAA brand, the Caribbean program is ahead of the prior year on occupancy at lower prices. For all other deployments, occupancy is ahead of the prior year at higher prices. Second, for our EA brand, the Caribbean program is ahead of the prior year on occupancy at lower prices, while the European itineraries occupancy is ahead at prices that are in line. And finally, a few other items to consider for 2019, we are forecasting the capacity increase of 4.7%. For those of you who are modeling 2019 using September guidance fuel price and FX rates, the impact of higher fuel prices and the stronger dollar will unfavorably impact 2019 by about $0.27 per share. Higher fuel prices net of fuel derivatives would cost $0.15, while currency is an unfavorable $0.12. Given the timing of the calculation substantially all of the unfavorable fuel price and FX impact is evenly split between the first and second quarter, while it is early, with many decisions yet to be made, our expectation for 2019 is that net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD will increase slightly in constant currency. However, we do expect that the net cruise cost increase in the first and second quarter will be higher than the full year increase. We currently expect depreciation to be about 2.24 billion for 2019 versus 2.02 billion for 2018. Booking trends for next year have been strong and are strengthening, driven by yield management decisions which we believe will optimize net revenue yield growth. Based on current booking trends, we expect solid net revenue yield growth in 2019 with the first half expected to be up somewhat less than the net revenue yield guidance for the fourth quarter of 2018, primarily due to very strong prior year comparison. For the full year, we believe we are well positioned for continued earnings growth in 2019 weighted to the second half of the year, due to the fuel and currency impact in the first half. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will get to our first question on the line from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Wieczynski: A couple of questions here with you. So, I guess somewhat confusing part of your commentary is around the booking since the first half of September, which you mentioned are both upon on pricing load versus what you have seen since June, and I know you talked about that mostly related to the Caribbean and the easy comparisons there because of the hurricane activity. So I guess the question is, when you look at 2019 and I think David helped us here a little bit, but was there any way to get a -- give us a little bit better picture of what maybe the rest of the world kind of looks like and maybe a little more detail versus what David said, kind of excluding the Caribbean? What I'm getting here is trying to get a clear picture of like-for-like markets, if that makes sense?
Arnold Donald: Yes, I'll do that and I think I'll just take the opportunity now to do a broader comment on bookings and yield. We do achieve a premium on new ships, but you guys have to remember we have nine brands serving differentiated markets. And there is a range of yields across the brands which also influence overall yields, especially in booking periods. So while you get a yield benefit within a brand that doesn't necessarily translate into a mix benefit to overall yields. So to give you an example for brand that is below the corporate averaging yield brings on a new ship and that new ship has a premium, but the premium is still below the corporate fleet average. The brand does better on yield, but overall corporate yields are negatively impacted. While we're making more earnings because essentially even if average yields are held back by mix, we still are growing earnings. Now of course, and we create demand to drive yield across every ship and all the brands and we are receiving an earnings benefit as new ships are more efficient. So, we focus more on returns and earnings than yield. And when looking at booking trends, there is a plethora of things you have to consider, when you look at yield, especially year-to-year comparisons. So demand, other than demand including relative capacity changes among the brands like I just talked about. Itinerary changes both destination and duration, management of the booking curve, each brand optimizing its own booking curve, timing of charters, mix of value packages which impact on board ticket price which is in bookings -- ticket prices of bookings versus onboard yield, which comes later when guests are onboard. And just to give you a little flavor I'll let David comment on the rest of world, because I know people are concerned for some reason around capacity, but Western Caribbean has the highest capacity increase in the Caribbean for us, but collectively across our brands is up. Carnival is the only brand maybe in the industry that is year round in the Caribbean with capacity year round. And Carnival has increase in capacity next year and is up on occupancy and on yields in the Caribbean. And so when you look at a yield for us, its a composite of a lot of different moving parts, and in the end, we are focused obviously on driving earnings ultimately and the fact is, with capacity, we are less reliant on absolute yield movement. But obviously, we are still going to focus on growing yields. So with that, David, go ahead and talk a little bit about the rest of the world.
David Bernstein: I did in my prepared remarks I mean I was very clear in terms of all the major programs were up in terms of pricing for the quarter in terms of booking trends, except the Caribbean. Now, one is the things that I want to make sure everybody understands is the booking period were talking about is the first, bookings for the first half of 2019. So during that period, we're almost 40% in the Caribbean. And if you go back to what we were talking about in June, we said bookings volumes prices were in line and now yes, we did say booking volumes prices were down. But back in June, we were talking about the back half of 2018, we had the Caribbean only represented like 26% or 27% of the total in the back half of '18; and as the Caribbean represents a bigger percentage, you just see the weighted-average. Now, we have now lapped the booking issues in the Caribbean, the weather impact, and we talked about having September the booking prices on the booking volumes were higher. And so, the comparisons are different last year was weather impacted. And so we're in a much better position as we move forward. When you look at the full year 2019, there's a lot of positive there, I mean you look at the European program for the full year. And we booked ahead of the prior year on occupancy at higher prices and the same thing is true for Alaska, and these are markets where, when you look at the capacity increase our 4% capacity increase or 4.7% next year, we do have quite a bit of capacity increase in both Europe and Alaska, and we're seeing great booking trends, we're ahead at higher prices. So, we're very confident and that's what gave us the conclusion, as I said in my notes that we expect solid revenue yield improvement in 2019.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay got you, thats a lot of good color thanks guys. And one more quick question, Im not sure youre going to answer it but, David you talked about, I think in your commentary you talked about how when you look at kind of the full year next year for '19. I can't remember the exact adjective you used, but some are long of healthy yield growth, and you talk about the first half being a little bit weaker relative to last year back half of the year being very strong. So I guess when we sit back and 12 months from now, is it still possible that you can -- you'll be able to grow the full year of yields in a similar position to what you could do or what you're going to do this year?
Arnold Donald: Were certainly going to work very hard to do just that and every brand is focused on that. And thats clearly what were working on. At this point, were not giving guidance for next year or anything but we know you guys have just trying to give you some directional insight. David.
David Bernstein: So, one of the things that we're talking about for the first half of next year is, the fact that we had very, very strong comparisons from prior year comparisons. You know in the first quarter of 2018, we achieved net revenue yield growth of nearly 4%. The Caribbean was nearly half of our deployment in the first quarter, and since it was so well booked last year in the fall when, it had very minimal impact from the weather disruptions. So we did have nicely higher yields and that's a headwind in the comparison in the first quarter of 2019. So, we are expecting sequential yield improvement in the Caribbean in the fourth quarter and again in the first quarter, and that's with significant capacity increases in both quarters in the Caribbean. And when you look at the second quarter, we achieved net revenue yields that were nearly up 5% and that was with a challenging Caribbean and that was more than offset by yield growth of 8% in all other programs. So the first half of 2018 was a great yield improvement for us and with those challenging comparisons and not lapping the Caribbean booking impact until the second quarter, we gave you our best guess for the first half of the year. But as I said, we do expect solid GAAP net revenue yield improvements in 2019 and will give you more color on that in December.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll get to our next question on the line from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
David Beckel: So, it sounds like much of the concern around pricing is focused on the Caribbean still, but would it be fair to say since the last quarter that the conditions in the Caribbean in terms of demand and pricing are at least as good or better than they were last quarter? In other words, are things improving?
David Bernstein: Yes, I think we keep saying that overall the yields we're achieving each quarter are improving, we see a sequential improving trend in yields and we see a sequential improving trends in the bookings it's just that, given the timing of the event and the way we will book from a booking perspective, we don't lap last year's comparisons as I said until September and from an actual yield perspective we're not going to see a lapping until the second quarter.
Arnold Donald: And then as I mentioned a lot of other variables involved in terms of mix of brands et cetera, when you talk about a region like the Caribbean, and so we see lots of evidence of strength and we dont typically give brand by brand guidance or anything or even information. But I've already mentioned for example the Carnival brand which is the largest brand we have in the Caribbean has higher capacity for next season, is up in occupancy and up in yield already. And in the Western Caribbean, it is high capacity increase but up in yields. So, the Caribbean is strong and we've had record years there Carnival continues to outperform. We have a lot of other dynamics that are going they are making average yield number look a certain way as I tried to articulate earlier, but overall the Caribbean is strong. We do have some difficult comparisons, but we're growing our earnings there and we will continue to grow.
David Beckel: And as a quick follow-up to that you did make a great point about mix and non-comparable factors. If you were to strip some of the most obvious mix and brand and itinerary factors out, how would the position of the Caribbean look for first half? You've already commented on Carnival obviously.
Beth Roberts: I would just say in the last three months, we are booking more Caribbean because it's a bigger part of the base in the first half, and we are expecting sequential improvement in yield in the Caribbean at the end of the day. So, what you are seeing in that last three months is a greater concentration of Caribbean business booked.
Operator: And we will proceed to our next question on the line from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Jared Shojaian: So I want to go back to that first half '19 yield guidance. Your book position right now, you are ahead at prices that are in line, I mean I would think that should get better as time goes on if the guidance is implying about 2% or less than 2% you are planning for the fourth quarter. So can you just help me understand sort of the puts and takes there versus -- are you sort of guiding to what you have on the books right now and not really assuming that you get any sort of benefit from pricing starting to improve just with easier comparisons? Or how are you really thinking about that?
David Bernstein: So basically, when you look at the first half of the year, given the historical ranges of where we are at -- and for the first quarter at this point we have always said 50% to 70% is booked and for the second quarter 30% to 50%. So what's on the books we said, it was the higher end of those ranges. So we are over half booked for the first half of the year, and that half is essentially as we said is with prices in line. So what we are looking at is, as we move forward to get to the yield improvement that we are guiding is the expectation that the bookings that will be coming in will be better than the prior year and we will get to a point that where, like we said something less than the fourth quarter revenue yield. There is also the onboard thats part of the factor and remember, we manage the business not for one line item but manage the business to optimize the total net revenue yield between both passengers and onboard. And so, thats part of the factor as that goes into the whole guidance.
Jared Shojaian: Can you just talk about some of the differences you're seeing right now with your bookings and pricing for North American sourcing versus foreign sourcing? I mean it seems like the U.S. consumer is really strong right now. Are you seeing better trends from North American sourcing versus foreign sourcing right now? Or is it fairly similar?
David Bernstein: We are seeing good strong bookings on both side of the Atlantic in terms of sourcing. I gave the comment in terms of the various markets in terms of where we book today. On both sides we see similar trends in the Caribbean but good solid strength in all of the other itineraries around the globe for around for all of our brands in both segments.
Jared Shojaian: One last just quick clarification for me, it sounds like you guys are expecting second half '19 yields to be better on a year-over-year basis than the first half. Is that correct?
David Bernstein: Yes, we did not say that. We just said solid net revenue yield growth for the year and we will give you more detail on the full year in December. We're very little booked at this point.
Operator: And we will go to our next question on the line from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar Research. Go ahead.
Jaime Katz: I'm curious if you have any commentary on China, there was a little spoken too and given than one of your competitors is exiting the market. I'm curious, if there are any trend changes that you have seen in recent periods?
Arnold Donald: I would say that first of all just keep in mind China is a small percent of the total. So, we always start with that. Clearly with less capacity in China going forward it creates an easier environment to operate in. We are going to have as I mentioned Costa Benicia, which is going to be Costa's first purpose built ship for China. So as we look ahead to next year, we have less capacity in the first half of the year, more capacity in the second half of the year. But China continues to be accretive for us. We continue with the same policy we had all along that as long as overall is accretive, we will have ships there if they are not accretive we move them out and right now is still relatively small part of our total. But its doing well because it is accretive.
David Bernstein: And I think its fair to say in the last both in my prepared remarks this quarter and last quarter, I noted that part of the net ticket yield increase was due to increase in China. So, we have seen some favorable trends in the last two quarters, and as a result of all the things, we've been doing with the travel distributors and all the changes we've been making in China. So, we feel very good about the market and its direction.
Jaime Katz: And then, can you elaborate a little bit about some fleet changes that you guys are making, you're obviously moving back into Long Beach next year with your Carnival ship and Galveston youre revisiting with a ship that was not there. Is there still, do you guys still feel like there is a significant opportunity set to penetrate more U.S. markets that have maybe been underserved to support the demand for the oncoming capacity increases?
Arnold Donald: Clearly, one of the strengths of the Carnival brand and in our, the other U.S. based brands is being able to access more the market as a drive market. And so thats been an ongoing approach for the brand that is proven successful, believe we're up to almost 18 different U.S. points for Carnival where they see all up in U.S. And so we continue to look for effective itineraries that guests want to go on but giving them easier access to get to the ships and it's an ongoing part about what strategy for Carnival and to some extent for our North American brands.
David Bernstein: And it's not unusual to see us move larger ships into market as the market develops and to also give people an opportunity to go on a different ship, so its a normal part of the overall strategy that we've engaged in over time.
Jaime Katz: And then the housekeeping note the 4.7% capacity growth next year is with the four ships coming out, correct?
David Bernstein: Correct.
Operator: And we will get to our next question on the line from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Go ahead.
Robin Farley: Just going back to your yield guidance for next year, and I think you guys have very consistently delivered yield growth like 100 to 150 basis points ahead of what your initial guidance is this year and sort of in the last two or three years. So fully appreciating the conservatism and all of that, just when we think about the comments, it sounds like September not surprisingly right things booked since then showing higher price and higher volume given the comp, and I know you are not giving guidance for the second half of next year, but maybe you can tell us how much of Q2 would typically, in other words from September forward, how much of Q2, would typically be booked? In other words if Q1 is mostly booked before the September less opportunity for the kind of what would be your yield growth in kind of the post hurricane with the benefit of the comps in it, not in Q1, but in Q2 will most of that be booked from September forward? And then the other thing I think that Arnold did say something like full-year growth would be weighted to the second half of the year, and just based on what you've said, isn't it reasonable to think that your second half year growth would be higher than the 2.5% rate that you are kind of seeing might be the top of your initial guidance, at least, simply because both you have less credit exposure again in the second half and then just also because most of that would be booked in this sort of easier comps that started two weeks ago?
Arnold Donald: Robin, good morning to you, first of all my comments were on earnings much more so than yields in terms of the second half next year that's because a lot of the fuel and currency impact that we are currently seeing, is occurring in the first half of the year, that's part of it also because we tend from a spending standpoint to spend money in advance of the season of doing wave et cetera. And so, our cost would be more weighted in the first half of the year than the back half. So, it was that comment. But real quick before David comments, just a couple of quick things, the Caribbean has been very good and is strengthening further, and I hear feel the tone that people think there is a big challenge or yield risk in the Caribbean et cetera. And the reality is, we have had multiple periods where we've been ahead on occupancy and lower on pricing, and I remember couple of years ago when people were concerned about that, and we turned out just fine, because a lot of this is also managing the booking curve is yield management. So, it's when you time and some of the other things I've mentioned, when you have charters, what your mix is of guests in terms of people who have a higher propensity to stay on board and you attract the most people on. All those things impact as well as for us our mix if we have a lot of ships coming in from brands that are lower yield overall than say Carnival brand for example our fleet average that will give us a weighted yield picture even though we are growing earnings. And over time that's what tends to wash out and correct itself you get on board revenues will contribute to yield et cetera. So, we dont want to create any image that there is a struggle in the Caribbean because there isn't, but we have record growth we're building on strength there is details in comparisons. But then they were really focused on growing our earnings even with our yield management things that we do, and we've been delivering and we intend to deliver. So go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: So I think I alluded to before in terms of the bookings, the first quarter historically at this time 50% to 70%, and the second quarter 30% to 50%. And we've said before, we're at the high end of the historical range, so we just use the exact number for illustrating purposes there is still 30% left to go on the first quarter and 50% left to go on the second quarter. So, clearly, while they are both in line for the first half is more opportunity in the second, but as we have always said before Robin, we give you our best guess on what we think will happen. The ticket is three quarters at the total and there is also onboard, and there really isn't advanced bookings on that. So, we are giving you our best guess for the first half of the year at this point.
Robin Farley: And my turn by the way that I wasnt suggesting a concern about the Caribbean and I was more suggesting that you have been really conservative. But it's certainly
Arnold Donald: I actually wasnt speaking about you Robin, thank you.
Robin Farley: So just bottom line is the majority of second half bookings will take place in this period of where this post September volume up double digits and pricing higher
Arnold Donald: Yes.
David Bernstein: Absolutely.
Arnold Donald: Yes, absolutely.
Robin Farley: So, it seems reasonable to think that second half growth which you are not saying that I'm just throwing out there. Okay, thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, Robin.
Operator: And we will go to our next question on the line from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: You guys have given us a lot of color which I think is very helpful and particularly emphasizing the point that there is nothing wrong in the Caribbean, so thank you for that. David just to reiterate this, when you gave market and segment color earlier in the call and you talked about in the first half the NAA brand, the Caribbean ahead on occupancy at lower prices and the same for the EA, thats simply a function of kind of what you have already been talking about in the release right, but since June booking volumes for the first half have been running significantly. I mean thats not really reflective of the improvement that you have been seeing in September, correct?
David Bernstein: Yes, correct, it's reflective of the fact that the prior year comparison was not weather impacted and so that reflects in the comparison.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay great, super clear, and then Arnold when you talked about the Western Caribbean and how you are seeing an increase in occupancy and yield despite the significant increase in capacity. Was that just -- could you clarify was that for the full year? Or was that for just the first half?
Arnold Donald: It's probably for both. This for both Felicia
Beth Roberts: Business we have on the books for the full year is the first half.
Arnold Donald: Yes, exactly.
Felicia Hendrix: But to your point was just that look people are concerned about increases in capacity in the Caribbean and particularly in the Western Caribbean and which is not seeing there?
Arnold Donald: Yes, we have near double digit increase in capacity in the Western Caribbean and we're up on occupancy and overall yields.
Felicia Hendrix: And then just final, the language in the release talking about yields for the first half of '19 and how they are going to be lower than fourth quarter guidance. You guys have provided a range of 1.5% to 2.5%. I think the investment community tends to hone into the midpoint of ranges when company has given. So, is that a fair bogey like were you thinking about the midpoint when you gave that comment or the high end or the low end just to give us some parameters?
David Bernstein: It's fair to say that all three numbers -- if I was giving guidance so I had to pick this specific guidance whether it would be a range or a midpoint that the guidance I would give today would be less than the guidance in the fourth quarter. We are not giving an exact guidance because its early. We just trying to directionally and to answer your question it would less than 2% midpoint would be the midpoint of the guidance we would give. But its too early to give an exact number at this point.
Arnold Donald: Felicia, again, I just want to emphasize that, a lot of things are driving and including capacity relative proportions of capacity from different brands. So while the yield is whatever it is we are constantly focused on growing earnings and so there are brands that are below the average for the fleet that have significant capacity increase and are achieving an improvement in yield for that brand, but because it's weighted and especially gets a destination market like the Caribbean it can pull down the overall average. But were still actually earning more dollars, so thats one of many variables.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes, and well appreciated and just all of us, who've been looking at cruise for a 1 million years or even not, were all unfortunately focused on yield so.
Arnold Donald: Right.
Felicia Hendrix: But yes, no mix, I think everybody kind get the mix issues especially since one of your competitors has spelled that out pretty clearly over the past year or so. Okay and then so, not to get cute David, but when you say lower than the fourth quarter guidance, are we talking about significantly lower or just kind of lower?
David Bernstein: We will give you more color on that in December, it's about to verify, and we still have a lot of work to do. And that's our best guess.
Operator: Thank you very much. I will get to our next question on the line from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Couple of questions on the June to August, the booking commentary. How much of that was maybe impacted by base loading as you look into the early part of next year? And then obviously for the Caribbean and that potentially impacted the overall booking curve, now youre saying the booking curve continues to expand. If we didn't have the Caribbean issue or we tended a maximum point of the booking curve to whereby see this further expanded obviously always a trade-off of pricing and expanding the booking curve. Do you view yourself and maybe the industry finally at that point where, "Hey, we're going to restrain this back because we feel were certainly give up too much in pricing upside"?
Arnold Donald: Were always in pursuit of that optimized booking curve that maximizes, obviously, the earnings and it varies by destination, by brand, by source market I mean like there's a zillion variables there. And so, we're not in absolute kind of singularly focused pursuit of moving the booking curve further out that's not how we think about it all with Yoda and the collaboration of our yield price management experts. We are really just trying to optimize each one and frankly each itinerary for each ship and it comes out the way it comes out based on all the variables there.
David Bernstein: And you characterize the base loading, I really characterize more the way Arnold is describing it is we're making good decisions to optimize the revenue when the ship sail and we try to capture bookings and pricing along the way to optimize the end game. And so that's really the goal and the goal isn't anything other than maximum revenue yield.
Tim Conder: I guess [John] another way maybe to ask again we've seen the booking curve for the industry and everyone sort of linked now to last few years. If you have to fall down on one side of the fence is that would you expect that the further length and lets take it to an industry perspective or would you think the industry is more in the point of potentially trying to harvest some more price?
Arnold Donald: I think that the more we create demand the more likely it is for the booking curve to inch further out and just get even better yields along the booking curves than you would have before, so I think that's more the answer the better we are at creating demand the more likely you would see it kind of inch out a bit. There is obviously some theoretical limits to that and there is somewhat our job is so that we're approaching that now, but we are really just trying to optimize along the booking curve to maximize earnings.
David Bernstein: And then you know there are also one-off things that occur overtime like the Iona, the P&O Cruise's new ship it just started booking and it's been booking like crazy and it doesnt get delivered until 2020, and that's included, so all of this it's just there's a lot of variables and we're trying to make good decisions to optimize the revenue yield overtime. And we got different itinerary lengths and everything which are affecting all of this, and we are just trying to give you the big picture as it rolls up. But we make decisions at a very micro-level, cruise-by-cruise, cabin category by cabin category to maximize the yield. This isn't an overriding goal one way or the other if the decisions are made in a micro level.
Tim Conder: Okay, and lastly gentlemen thank you I appreciate that. Australia and asking that from the perspective of that market has been great for the industry for a while and then China is improving, yet we see the industry maybe shifting some seasonal capacity to Australia in the last year plus here how is your China sourcing as a percentage of global sourcing relative to your capacity in China and I guess again folding that in with the Australia piece how that's looking?
Arnold Donald: Well, on the China portion, in terms of if you leave the domestic sailing volume, you mean like fly/cruise sourcing to China. It is growing, but it's still a relatively small percent obviously of the total number of almost to 13 plus million guests, we have a year so relatively small number, but it's definitely growing and over time given the size of the market and the fact it is the largest outbound travel country in the world that we expect that to increase overtime, and we have seen it increase. You mentioned Australia, obviously, we've seen the increase in Chinese guests going to Australia and getting on ships, but we've also seen in Alaska and other places too. So that will be that comment, Australia overall continues to be a very strong market for the industry and certainly for us and we have good performance there with our P&O brand, but also our other brands that are there we made a commitment up in Brisbane which we announced in terms of cruise terminal expansion, again kind of reflecting the growth potential in Australia in a way to sustain that. So it's been a good market and we expect it to continue to be. But overtime China fly/cruise is going to be significant middle delta but also the domestic market is going to be significant over time. And we are still very proud of our relationship with CSSC as we move towards ultimately putting our joint venture into the market and sailing ships and as we look at taking all capacity that we've already announced on the 2023 and beyond through that joint venture to help China build within their five year plan, which is a sustainable long-term cruise market that ultimately could be as large as the global market is today.
David Bernstein: And you know for Australia, last year, we talked about the strategic realignment of P&O Australia, and we have sold some ships, so the capacity will be going down in '19 for us in Australia, but we have announced the addition of ships in 2020 and 2021 to the P&O Australia brand. It is a great market for us and we are seeing a lot of fly/cruise business for many of our brands out of Australia all over the globe to Alaska to Europe and other places as well. Its a great fly/cruise market for us.
Operator: And we will go to our next question on the line from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please go ahead.
Assia Georgieva: I wanted to -- I dont think anyone mentioned that but I was very happy with the numbers. Could I just go back again to the Q1, Q2 question, so in Q1 last year we still havent really felt the impact of new bookings affected post the hurricanes. So Q2 will be more of a beneficiary from those easing comps. In addition in Q1, we seem to have quite a bit of capacity last year. So, is it fair to say that there is still lot of room for improvement especially for Q2? We are not going to see down or flat yields in Q1. And again possibly see with sequential strength as you mentioned strong in the strengthening upside to your current Q1 expectations still?
David Bernstein: So, I dont want to repeat what I already said, I mean we gave you our best guess for the first half and we gave you directional guidance and we work very hard to do our best and to optimize and there is as I said before a lot of bookings yet to come on the first and second quarter, and we will do our best to optimize that and produce some great results for the Company.
Assia Georgieva: David, I have to try. And a quick housekeeping question, could we get the capacity figures for Q1 and Q2 given that we have Carnival Horizon coming in and Seabourn Ovation, et cetera?
Beth Roberts: The capacity in Q1 is up 4.7 and the capacity in Q2 is up 4.7, Q3 is 5.8, Q4 is 3.7, which gets you back to 4.7 for the year.
Arnold Donald: And operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly, we will proceed with our final question for the day with the line from Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jamie Rollo: Great, thanks for taking my question. I think you said sequential yields getting better in the comp, helpful if you could give us some numbers or some direction about that sort of by quarter this year so we continue to see the cadence. And if I can just add on to that, I think Arnold you said, you're talking about driving earnings growth less through yield growth and from your recent orders have been much bigger for Carnival and Princess, and youre selling perhaps more ships than usual. So can you that sort of earnings versus yield trade off and whether that means which is sort of expect to sort of level pace of yield growth going forward?
Arnold Donald: I will take the second part first, earnings versus yield, and so, again I will repeat a little bit. The bottom line is were absolutely focused on earnings and to get there you have to have yield, for sure. But because we have nine brands and we have a mix, we can improve a brand as I mentioned in yield but bring down the corporate average in the process if that brand evolves below the fleet average and doing so were still growing earnings. And so were clearly focused on earnings and obviously. And I know you guys strategically have to follow yield because you cant follow the rest, but even with the yield is a huge mix for us and so thats part of it. Were looking at bookings in particular then you have all those other variables I mentioned because of mix between ticket versus onboard and our onboard won't show up until people actually sail, you know they have charters you have all these different things that that can affect what our yields look like during a booking period along with the mix. And you have the actual, yield management strategy itself for pricing considerations. So all of that comes into play but overall, we are absolutely focused on earnings, we have been strong and yield and are strengthening in terms of our yield management booking trends for next year have been strong and are strengthening and those would be the summary thing to say and we weren't trying to give guidance for the first half. We were just again just giving you guys some directional input with the color around why things might look the way they do. Go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: And on the Caribbean we don't give detail percentages ever by brand by market for competitive reasons, but we have said that the second and third quarter Caribbean yields were down and for the fourth quarter, we don't expect them be down as much and we said that we expect sequential improvement in the first quarter. So we are seeing an improving trend overall on a year-over-year basis is as we move through the weather impact from the prior year.
Jamie Rollo: So it's fair to say that the Caribbean price, simply looking at it by months is above where it was two years ago looking at that way?
David Bernstein: I have, I actually dont have all that detail. I have to actually look at the two years ago to answer that question, but you can get back to Paul.
Arnold Donald: Bu it's certainly looking better than same period last year.
Arnold Donald: Hey, everyone, thank you so much. We really appreciate it. And we look forward to continue to deliver and we look forward to our next call. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-06-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - CEO, President Micky Arison - Chairman David Bernstein - CFO & CAO Beth Roberts  SVP, IR
Analysts: Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Robin Farley - UBS Jaime Katz - Morningstar Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Assia Georgieva - Infinity Greg Badishkanian - Citi Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Company
Operator:
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison, who is in Europe right now; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, both here in Miami. Thank you all for joining us this morning, and thank you for joining us in what is known internationally as the Day of the Seafarer. Thanks to all those seafarers out there for the positive impact they have on our everyday quality of life the world over. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. We delivered the strongest second quarter adjusted earnings in the history of our company, and that's on top of last year's record results. Adjusted earnings of $0.68 per share were more than $100 million higher. That's more than 30% higher than prior year as well as $0.10 above the midpoint of March guidance and $0.08 above the high end of our March guidance range. These record results reflect the efforts of our passionate 120,000-plus employees, who go above and beyond every day as well as that of hundreds of thousands of travel professionals who support our brands. Collectively, those efforts helped to mitigate a $0.19 drag for the year from fuel and currency, both moving against us since the time of our March guidance. While our full year guidance is now below March guidance in the range of $4.15 to $4.25, we continue to have strong operating performance. Despite the impact of fuel and currency, the midpoint of our original December guidance of $4.15 has become the floor for our current full year guidance, reflecting continued strength in the business. Essentially, strength in underlying demand for our cruise offerings fostered greater ticket prices year-to-date and more than offset the unfavorable impact of fuel and currency for the full year compared to our December guidance. It was reinforcing to see constant currency revenue yield growth this quarter of roughly 4.8%. Now that's on top of the 5.1% improvement achieved in the second quarter last year. We continue to drive revenue yield growth by increasing demand in excess of our measured capacity growth through our ongoing guest experience, marketing and public relations efforts. By all accounts, this was a significant quarter for our company, not only because of our record-breaking financial results, but because of a number of milestones, which will contribute meaningfully to our future success. We introduced two spectacular new ships, an important part of our measured capacity growth strategy. In March, we delivered Carnival Horizon, offering Carnival Cruise Line guests even more ways to choose fun, from a new Dr. Seuss themed WaterWorks aqua park; to Guy's Pig & Anchor Smokehouse | Brewhouse, serving up real-deal barbecue favorites by Guy Fieri as well as 4 new craft beers brewed onboard, a nice complement to Guy's hugely popular burger bar serving arguably the best burgers at sea. The ship also features the SkyRide aerial experience, an IMAX theater and Family Harbor featuring extra roomy accommodations. Carnival garnered nearly 250 million media impressions around its creative naming ceremony in New York City, which included showcasing the talented young artist from St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, reaffirming Carnival's long-standing strong support of St. Jude's. Festivities included an entertaining lip sync battle between Horizon's godmother, Grammy-award winning artist and actress, Queen Latifah; and Philadelphia Eagles Super Bowl Champion kicker, Jake Elliott. Also during the quarter, our ultra-luxury brand, Seabourn, debuted the fifth all-suite ship in its fleet. Seabourn Ovation provides guests with a private veranda in every luxurious suite, sophisticated decor core fashioned by Adam Tihany and a new alfresco dining venue, Earth & Ocean at The Patio, as well as a number of innovative programs, including An Evening with Tim Rice, Spa and Wellness with Dr. Andrew Weil and The Grill by Thomas Keller. Select sailings will also include Ventures by Seabourn programs, which are expedition-style excursions featuring a team of world-class expedition experts with a focus on allowing guests to experience nature up close. Seabourn Ovation launched on May 11 at a distinguished naming ceremony in Valletta, Malta, with highly acclaimed actress and singer, Elaine Page, serving as godmother during a ceremony that lit up the UNESCO World Heritage site. Our measured capacity growth strategy also takes into consideration the replacement cycle of less-efficient ships. Over the last 12 years, we have sold 22 vessels into the secondary market, including the two ships that left the fleet this past quarter. We plan to continue removing ships from our fleet and remain on track to sell, on average, one to two ships annually with more announcements expected later this year. Moreover, we achieved a number of milestones in our strategic core development efforts around the globe. In Alaska, Holland America Group recently announced a minority position in a joint venture to further strengthen our ties in Skagway, Alaska, the gateway to the legendary Gold Rush region and destination to 80% of our Alaskan cruises. In Spain, we recently opened a second new state-of-the-art terminal in Barcelona. We bring over 1 million cruise guests a year to Barcelona. In Australia, where seven of our nine brands operate, we entered into an important long-term agreement with the Port of Brisbane. We'll have priority berthing rights at a new terminal to be completed by 2020, enabling our brands to add even more calls and take even larger ships to Brisbane. At the same time, we are expanding and diversifying the home port we sail from in China while engaging in strategic port development throughout Asia, providing additional attractive ports of call for our Chinese guests. For example, we recently signed an agreement for preferential berthing for our brands in Sasebo in Japan. We also announced a long-term preferential berthing agreement in Dubai and brought a strategic alliance for development of cruising in the region. Dubai will not only serve as an attractive port of call but will facilitate the development of source markets in the Arabian Gulf. During the quarter, we also received meaningful recognition for our brands. Now while each year, we receive well over 500 awards, there are a few I would like to highlight, including Carnival Cruise Lines being named Most Trusted Cruise Line by Reader's Digest for the fourth year in a row; and Princess Cruises and the cast of The Love Boat being inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Our Ocean Originals TV program, Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin, The Voyager with Josh Garcia and Vacation Creation, have been honored in their second year with 14 Telly Awards. That's even more than last year. And in the U.K., reality based series, The Cruise, filmed onboard Princess, has ranked among the most watched factual programs on primetime television in Britain with 4 million viewers per episode. Our CSMART, Center for Simulator Maritime Training, was recognized as the world's first Center for Safety Excellence by DNV GL, one of the leading maritime classification societies, citing CSMART's commitment to safety and ongoing training to our 7,000 bridge and engineering officers across our nine world leading cruise lines with the industry's most advanced simulating equipment technology and curriculum. Also worth noting, our corporation earned a perfect score in Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index, was acknowledged by Forbes as one of the top 500 Best Large Employers, and by Corporate Responsibility Magazine as 1 of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens and ranking highest in the travel sector. Progress continues on our new revenue management system, which is expected to be rolled out to approximately 90% of the inventory for six of our brands by the fall. We also remain on track to deliver nearly $80 million of cost savings in 2018 as we continue efforts to containing costs by leveraging our industry leading scale. With strong and growing cash from operations, we remain committed to distributing cash to shareholders. During the quarter, we accelerated returns to shareholders by increasing our dividend of $0.50 per quarter, generating annual dividend distributions now exceeding $1.4 billion. At the same time, we reauthorized our $1 billion share repurchase program. Since March, we invested more than $375 million in Carnival stock, bringing the cumulative total share repurchased to over $3.7 billion since late 2015. In addition to all our efforts to drive operating performance, there are several structural advantages to our industry. We have a significant long-term opportunity to increase penetration levels in all of our existing markets. All told, the cruise industry represents less than 2% of all hotel rooms in the world, and we will continue to be under penetrated as we operate in an industry that is capacity constrained. We also enjoy significantly higher satisfaction levels than land-based alternatives, yet we offer a greater value for money with a value gap that can range anywhere from 15% to 45% for comparable land-based resort vacations. Of course, demographics are supporting the growth in cruising, benefiting from the millennial generation and the aging of the baby boomers. In North America alone, the number of people reaching retirement age goes from 48 million in 2015 to 56 million in 2020 and 74 million by 2030. Now that's a target-rich environment for us as this segment has the time and the resources, given our value proposition, to sail multiple times per year. Factographic trends also support the growth in cruise as consumers invest more in collecting experiences rather than buying things. And at the same time, increasing wealth in emerging markets is yet another powerful driver. To capitalize on these many structural advantages, we continue to proactively generate demand by increasing consideration for cruise globally through our marketing and public relations efforts, while at the same time, stepping up our already high guest experience levels to increase retention, frequency and propensity to recommend to others. Our ongoing effort to generate demand build confidence in our continued ability to increase capacity and prices. All told, the strong execution in the quarter, the fundamental strength in demand, combined with many achievements realized already this year to sustain the momentum all bolster our conviction in delivering double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2018 second quarter results. Then I'll provide an update on current booking trends and finish up with some additional color on our 2018 June guidance. As Arnold indicated, our adjusted EPS for the second quarter was $0.68. This was $0.10 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The improvement was driven by three things, $0.05 was from increased net ticket yield, which benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic for all our brands, $0.02 was from improved onboard and other yields, which continue to benefit from a variety of ongoing efforts, and $0.03 was from lower net cruise costs, excluding fuel, due to the seasonalization of costs between the quarters. Now let's look at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 1.4%. Our North America and Australia segment, more commonly known as our NAA brands, were up 2.1%, while our Europe and Asia segment, more commonly known as our EA brands, were flat. Our total net revenue yields were up 4.8%. Now let's break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yields were also up a strong 4.8%. Overall, the net ticket yield increase was comprised of first, a decrease in our NAA brands' itineraries in the Caribbean, which was included in our previous guidance as a result of last fall's hurricane impact. Second, increases in our NAA brands' itineraries in Europe and Alaska, and third, increases in our EA brands' itineraries in Europe and China as well as various other programs, including World Cruises. I will add that we do expect to see an improving trend in the Caribbean over time. Net onboard and other yields likewise increased 4.8%, with similar increases on both sides of the Atlantic, with all the major categories showing solid growth. In summary, our second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.16 higher than last year with a strong 4.8% revenue yield improvement worth $0.22 being partially offset by 3.6% higher net cruise costs, excluding fuel, costing $0.10, which was driven by more dry-dock days during the quarter, which we previously highlighted. Now turning to 2018 booking trends. Booking volumes for the remaining two quarters of 2018 have been running ahead of last year at prices that are in line with the prior year. At this point in time, cumulative bookings for the remaining two quarters of 2018 are slightly ahead of the prior year at higher prices. Now let's drill down into the cumulative booked position. First, for our NAA brand. The Caribbean is behind the prior year on occupancy at lower prices. Given the negative news flow from Puerto Rico, the hurricane impact continues to affect the Southern Caribbean itinerary. As a result, the lower prices are driven principally by San Juan itinerary. This is consistent with the comments we made on our previous earnings call and the expectations we built into our guidance. The seasonal European program is ahead of the prior year on occupancy at significantly higher prices. Alaska is in line with the prior year on occupancy at lower prices. However, as I indicated on the last two conference calls, Alaska yields are impacted by mix. In the end, we expect that like-for-like itineraries in Alaska will have higher yields than last year's record levels. Second, for our EA brands. For their European itineraries, occupancy is slightly ahead at higher prices. While it is early, and I caution you not to read too much into the numbers, I will provide our 2019 booked position. At this point in time, cumulative bookings are slightly ahead of the prior year at higher prices. Finally, I want to provide you with some color on our 2018 June guidance. As Arnold said, while our full year guidance is now in the range of $4.15 to $4.25, we continue to have strong operational performance. The change in our guidance was driven by three things compared to our March guidance. First, we flowed through the $0.07 of operational benefit from higher revenues in the second quarter. Second, we benefit from $0.02 of accretion relating to the shares we purchased in the second quarter that Arnold mentioned. And third, higher fuel prices, net of fuel derivatives and the stronger dollar, is expected to unfavorably impact the year by $0.19. Higher fuel prices, net of fuel derivative, cost $0.11 while currency was an unfavorable $0.08. While I'm on the topic of fuel and currency impact, for those of you who are modeling 2019 using June guidance fuel price and FX rates, the impacts of higher fuel prices and the stronger dollar would unfavorably impact 2019 by $0.14. Remember, we have no fuel derivative for 2019, so this calculation includes the year-over-year benefit from realized fuel derivative losses in 2018. And now I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, good morning, guys.
Arnold Donald: Morning, Steve.
Steve Wieczynski: Good morning. So I guess, the -- I guess the question's when we look at your yield outlook now for 3% for the year, and given the stronger yield - the yield beat that you had in the second quarter. I guess, your stock's up, you're selling out there, and I guess, the implied expectations for your yield in the back half of the year are probably a little bit lower, I think, than kind of where the typical investor's thoughts were. So can you maybe help us think about the back half of the year in terms of, are there any markets out there where you guys are taking a little bit more of a conservative view at this point?
Arnold Donald: Well, let me open on that. Dave, add some color to it. First of all, we're very confident about the business going into the second half of the year. We're coming off a really fantastic last year. The back half comparisons obviously are tougher but we have confidence. The adjustment in our guidance, as we said on the call, as David pointed out, was strictly related to fuel and currency. And because we always factor in -- we got hurricane season coming, things can go wrong. We think it's prudent to give the guidance we have for the back half, but we didn't modify our perception of the back half of the year. David, you want to make some comments?
David Bernstein: Sure, yes. As Arnold said, I mean, the back half yield expectation is the same as it was last quarter. I think what we saw was, if you're looking at the first half versus the back half, is keep in mind that there was some particularly strong markets, particularly in the second quarter, that more than offset what we had indicated was down yields in the Caribbean. So it's really the extraordinary strength in the first half of the year in some of the other markets that drove it. But we are seeing, as Arnold said, great booking volumes and excellent business trends. And so overall, we feel very comfortable.
Steve Wieczynski: So if I heard you guys right, I guess when we look at the way you're kind of viewing the Caribbean here in - about the late 3Q and 4Q, it sounds like you are taking a pretty conservative view there. Is that the right way to think about it? I mean, are you guys expecting that - your typical consumer to maybe book a little bit closer in this year just because of the fear around potential hurricanes?
Arnold Donald: First of all, booking curves are strong. Again, we had a great year last year, and we're doing even better in terms of occupancy and with significant capacity increases, so on and so forth. So booking's strong. Having said that, there's no question that we got impacted originally by missing a booking period during the hurricane season. And now for portions of the Caribbean, and we keep referencing Puerto Rico and San Juan because it was so obvious there, there is a hurricane malaise. But having said all that, the Caribbean is strong. We're talking about performing well against a very strong year last year and with significant additional growth.
David Bernstein: So building on what Arnold said, we are seeing, if you break the Caribbean into the three different segments, as we indicated, the down -- the pricing being behind the prior year was driven by the San Juan itineraries of the Southern Caribbean. And I think last quarter, we had indicated that the Eastern Caribbean was also -- the cumulative booked position was down, and we have seen an improvement there, and now we're in line with the prior year, and the west continues to be up. So we do expect to see an improving trend in the Caribbean. We - the second quarter was probably the biggest impact from the hurricane last year, and we expect to see an improving trend over time.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thats great color. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. And thank you. I think that you really hit on a lot of the concerns in that last dialogue. Just wondering, can we just - the first two sentences of your 2018 outlook, where you talk about, at this time, cumulative advanced bookings for the next three quarters are in line with the year -- prior year's higher prices. And then you say since March, booking volumes for the next three quarters have been running slightly ahead of the prior year prices, that are in line with the prior year. David, I know you went through this. But maybe perhaps for the people on the call who are aren't as familiar with your business and with the industry in general, can you just talk about that sentence [ph] since March and explain to us what that - what you're saying there?
David Bernstein: That since - that the booking volumes are slightly ahead in prices or in line.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes. So there - yes.
David Bernstein: So this is what was booked during the second quarter for cruises where we'll recognize revenue in the third, fourth and first quarter. So we're not including - when we say for the third and fourth and first quarter, we're not including the bookings that were made in the second quarter for the second quarter. We're only looking at the future periods because what's in the quarter for the second quarter is history, and that's in our actual results. So we're trying to give you a dynamic of what the future looks like. Now if you break that apart, what you'll - the Caribbean impacted that booking volume. Because as I said, we are seeing overall, we - as I said, in the second quarter. And it is an improving trend in the Caribbean, but all the major markets were up. But the Caribbean is - was impacted, and that's why prices were in line.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So - and again, I don't want to beat a dead horse. But like you said, the Caribbean is improving. And you kind of went through all the other itineraries, and there's no change in your kind of operational or yield outlook since you reported the last quarter?
David Bernstein: Correct.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And when you talk about...
David Bernstein: Other than fuel and currency, so I wouldn't say...
Felicia Hendrix: Yeah, other than fuel and currency, which I always consider to be kind of exogenous. And when you talk about - just you gave us some color for 2019 fuel and FX. What fuel price are you using?
David Bernstein: So we use $75 for fuel. It has bounced around, but at some point late last week, we cut off at that price.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then - and just getting back to that March sentence as well, I think that some of the language that you used to have in your press release was like for all future periods. And now you're talking about the next three quarters. Is there any reason behind that?
David Bernstein: No. Generally, we actually have for the next 3 quarters in the press release. That has traditionally been what we've done. In the first quarter of this year, we saw our wave season -- because there was a lot of bookings for 2019 during wave season, we just chose to give you a broader picture. But if you look back, you'll see it's traditionally been three quarters.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And final for me, throughout this conference call, you've been - throughout your answers to the last - my question and for Steve's, which I thought were pretty clear, your stock keeps going down. So Arnold or David, is there anything you'd like to say?
Arnold Donald: I think look, the reality of our business, I kind of say on the call, is we have large addressable markets around the world. They're all under penetrated. We have highly differentiated product offerings. I know people are concerned about capacity and so on. But overall, the industry is actually capacity constrained. So when we build a ship for AIDA, and one for P&O in the UK, and one for Carnival and one for Seabourn, they don't even compete with each other, okay. What happens with the German source market versus the British source market, et cetera, versus the ultra luxury market, those things don't even overlap. There are positive trends in population growth and in travel in general. And whether it's millennials or - who over-index in cruise, or whether it's retirees, the retirees are going increase dramatically here in North America, but elsewhere as well. That's people with time on their hands and with some assets. And we're very affordable, from mass contemporary brands to those who have more assets, to ultra-luxury brands. And people have time, and we're better vacation value than land-based vacation. So we have a lot of fundamental things going. We don't have a problem right now in terms of looking ahead with booking curves or yields or any of that. So we know they're concerned about capacity. There's actually not even an empirical evidence to show a correlation between capacity and yield., that doesn't exist. And more importantly, we're here to grow earnings and further improve our return on invested capital. And that's exactly what we've been doing and is what we're going to do. There've always been pocketed markets in any given year, where appears there's a capacity problem. Usually, that's complicated by something else like hurricane malaise or other things. But that exist, has always existed every year in the business. But our assets are mobile, and so we can move. And for us, we intend to create the demand for our capacity. And if we don't, we'll moderate our supply. So that's all I have to say. I think the business is super strong. We just had a record quarter. We look ahead. Things look very good. There's little dynamics in one market or another. Last year, people were very concerned about China and so on. We had a bit of a mess in China and a bad hurricane season, and we still performed well. This year, our guidance is to grow earnings double-digit and to achieve the long standing promise we made about return on investing capital getting to double-digit. That's going to happen. And we have multiple pathways to keep that going in the future. So that's what I have to say. Okay, next question.
Beth Roberts: I would just add something on the hurricane - on the booking patterns. When you look at the booking patterns, please keep in mind the context that booking patterns today are post-hurricane. And we're comparing to very strong pre-hurricane booking patterns. And also, keep in mind that a lot of the beginning part of this year was booked -- were booked at the time the hurricanes occurred. So really seeing that impact more later in this year, as David said, starting with the second quarter.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Hi. I have two questions, and I just want to make sure I understand the kind of subtlety of what you're saying. David, you mentioned the - a sort of a difference in bookings that came in during the second quarter for the second half versus kind of everything booked for the second half, including prior to the second quarter. And I think what you said was the second - during Q2, bookings are ahead of last year at prices in line. But cumulatively, they're slightly -- you're slightly ahead at higher prices. So does that mean that prices in the second half of the year have decelerated during Q2? And I - and perhaps, the premise of my question is wrong. I might have misheard. But that's what I wanted to clarify.
David Bernstein: Yes. No, you repeated what I said, which is essentially correct. But you have to keep in mind that when you're looking at the very - you have to look at - if you break it apart market by market, so the fact that prices were in line, the booking volume was in line during the second quarter. As I indicated, throughout the other major markets, except the Caribbean, the prices were up, and the in-line was impacted by the Caribbean. So as Arnold was indicating before, and as Beth said, we have not lapped the Caribbean, the hurricane last year. The booking situation won't lap the Caribbean from a booking perspective until we get to September and October, which is during our fourth quarter. So we're just seeing the impact of the hurricane affecting our bookings. But we're in great shape as far as booking volumes are concerned. We're being patient on the Caribbean and managing to the highest yield. Does that answer your question?
Robin Farley: I think so. I think some of the - I guess, biggest point is the idea that you're comparing pre-hurricane to post-hurricane, so that the year-over-year is not. But then, I guess, maybe also if I could ask about your guidance commentary versus a quarter ago. Because there is - the outlook a quarter ago, we had that same sort of post- and pre-hurricane issue. You said price is in line for the next three quarters. And in March, the commentary was price is ahead for all future periods. And I know you mentioned sort of the subtlety, but you thought you'd just give a wider view on the - because there were some 2019 in wave. But is there anything else with the comparability that would make the pricing today -- or the pricing guidance that you're saying now be in line, and a quarter ago, it was ahead if we were comparing the same periods like next three quarters versus next 3 quarters or all future periods versus all future periods to three months ago? I'm just trying to think about apples-to-apples, what's happened to price on a year-over-year basis?
David Bernstein: Yes. The comment on the three quarters would be similar if we included all future years. There isn't a significant difference overall because the majority of the bookings coming in - that the majority of the bookings coming in are for the next three quarters. And the - remember that the second quarter rolled off. And we did have, as you saw, the 4.8% ticket yield in the second quarter. So that was a very strong period that we saw bookings in the first quarter for the second quarter. And that was in our March commentary.
Robin Farley: Okay, then that makes sense. The Q2, where obviously the strong upsides from Q2 rolling off. That makes sense. And then maybe just last sort of clarification. It seems like your close-in bookings are very strong in Q2. Or possibly, that you were just very conservative going into Q2. But either way, the close-in seemed to be very strong. Is there - should we - is there anything we should be thinking about with mix of itineraries or things that was not - where the close-in would not be maybe as good in the second half? I mean, Caribbean's actually sort of lower weighting in Q3, I guess, a little more in Q4. But just thinking about second half cumulatively, that it was you've beaten your close-in guidance very nicely the last few quarters. And so obviously, being conservative is all good as well. But just is there anything we should be keeping - is there anything - any reason why close-in wouldn't continue to maybe have more upside than what you see further in advance?
David Bernstein: Yes. We try to give you our best guess each quarter in terms of the guidance, and we include an expectation for close-in bookings. As Arnold indicated, we also - we got a hurricane season coming, and so we build in an expectation. It's very difficult. There's always something, and so we build that into our guidance as well. Depending on how things go, the one thing I will say about forecast is we're always wrong. We just never know by how much and in which direction. We give you our best guess.
Robin Farley: Okay. And again, it's - I think that that's appreciated that you're conservative with the guidance. And I guess, I just wanted to stress test it to see if there's anything else other than your conservative approach. That's very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So in our model, it looks like expenses in the fourth quarter trail off a little bit. And I'm curious if there are any timing things that we should be thinking of that are maybe being pushed into 2019. And then on the heels of that, how do we think about long-term cost growth in this business? I know historically, you guys have said maybe flattish to half of inflation. But has that changed at all? Thanks.
David Bernstein: Sure. So we did talk about the quarterly season - seasonalization cost on previous calls. The seasonalization this year has to do with the timing of dry docks. And I mentioned that costs were up in the second quarter, and that had to do with the large number of dry-dock days. Well, the fourth quarter is the exact opposite. So with the lower dry-dock days, you will see a reduction in net cruise cost per ALBD, excluding fuel, in the fourth quarter, and we mentioned that on previous calls. So it's not a - some sort of delay of expenses. Our cost guidance for the year has not changed since December. We're still estimating up approximately 1%. As far as the future is concerned, we have been leveraging our scale on the sourcing side, and we - Arnold mentioned that we're on track for $80 million of cost savings. This year, we see opportunity to do similar things in the next couple of years, so there's a lot of opportunity there. And also in 2019, on a - right now, our capacity increase is 5.6%. So we will have the opportunity to leverage our scale there as well, both with larger ships that we're bringing in, on the ship's expenses as well as shore side. So there are good opportunities for us to keep costs under control. But it is premature for us to give some specific guidance as to costs for 2019.
Jaime Katz: Understood. And then on a housekeeping note, you had touched on the Alaska tourist business in the prepared commentary. And I'm curious what the scale of that business is, if it's meaningful. Obviously, some part of that's going to be consolidated in the income statement. So I just - I don't have a good sense for what the size of that business is. If you could help us think about that, that would be great.
David Bernstein: Okay. So the - I mean, the business that we purchased, it's a -- it isn't going to be consolidated because we're taking a minority interest, 45%, and our partner will have 55%. The deal will close hopefully sometime this summer, and so it will have a positive impact in the long run on our net income. However, for 2018, the impact will be very minor because we'll be well through most of the season before we take ownership. So I don't expect it to have much of an impact on our 2018 numbers.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And that'll flow through other income as a solid number, right?
David Bernstein: Yes.
Jaime Katz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Thanks very much. And good morning. Going back to David's comment about building in an expectation for hurricanes. David, can you comment on to what degree your guidance factors that in for the third quarter?
David Bernstein: You know, Harry, it's - we take an educated guess based off all the things we've seen over time. I hate to try to give a specific number at this point because it's - we know things are going to happen, and we try to factor it in for both third and fourth quarter.
Arnold Donald: We don't necessarily do hurricane-specific. There are things that happen every year around the world. And markets get taken away from us, high-yielding itineraries for geopolitical reasons. There's disease scares. I mean, all these different things happen. And so we put - look at historical stuff that's happened and level of impact, and we come up with a general rule of thumb, and then we put judgment on it based on the climate at the time - so the global climate. And that's how we do it. But it's just a matter of trying to be practical because realistically, every year, something happens and usually more than one thing.
Harry Curtis: And then as a follow-up to the projections for 2019, given that 2018 is being impacted by the Caribbean negatively, can you give us a sense of whether or not your - the pricing so far that you're seeing in the Caribbean for next year is encouraging?
Arnold Donald: Can I say one thing? When you say negatively, I just want to emphasize to everyone, we're growing in the Caribbean, okay. We're generating more earnings in the Caribbean, and we're growing generally more earnings everywhere else in the world, too. So on a relative growth basis, yes, the Caribbean might be weaker on yield than some other markets. But overall, we're growing earnings, and there's no weakness in the business. But go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: Yeah. So if you look at the first quarter, which is probably the most meaningful because after that, it's -- not that much are on the books. The occupancy is in line in the Caribbean, and pricing is slightly ahead. So again, just like I said before, we are continuing to see an improving trend in the Caribbean.
Arnold Donald: We may be a victim of our own conservatism. But the reality is that it's not conservatism. It's for us, it's just trying to be practical. But just to reinforce, all that's happened with our guidance is we offset a lot of the fuel and currency. But we aren't -- we haven't put in the guidings completely offsetting all of what the current fuel and currency is. And that, of course, can change.
Harry Curtis: Very good. And then just a quick -- one quick one. Can you talk about your performance recently and looking into the second half by brand? Are you seeing any brands generating more pricing versus less pricing? And if so, does that give you any indication as to customer health, the health of their wallet by segment?
Arnold Donald: I would say always, certain brands in any given year, one brand may have significant increase relative to others. And so that's just the common practice when you have a portfolio of brands. Is there some systemic, long-term, underlying trend in terms of appetite by source market for the brands? No, we don't see any intrinsic patterns that would suggest certain brands are going to be much stronger for the next five to seven years versus some others. But sure, in any given year, one brand has a big increase relative to other brands. And as a portfolio, that happens.
Harry Curtis: Thanks everyone.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Jared Shojaian: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So I wanted to ask about the 2019 booked position. I think you said slightly ahead at higher prices. And I think last quarter, you said ahead at higher prices. So can you just elaborate on that? Has the 2019 booked position changed at all since last quarter?
David Bernstein: So last quarter, I hadn't gone through the detail of 2019 at all. It was -- so I'm not sure what you previously are referring to. But remember, I also have mentioned, sometimes, when you're talking about the difference between ahead and slightly ahead, you're talking about decimal points here. There is a point where we have to -- where we change our adjectives. So try not -- I mean, I wouldn't read too much into that.
Jared Shojaian: Okay, got it. And then I'll ask another question about your stock. I'll ask this a little differently. If I look at your leverage today, you're at a low point historically at 1.7 times net debt-to-EBITDA. So if you guys really aren't concerned about the supply growth that's coming online, and you think the market has it wrong on your stock, what prevents you from getting more aggressive on the buyback right now? And is there a leverage level that you'd be willing to go to in order to get more aggressive on the buyback in the near term?
Arnold Donald: Two quick comments. One is, we obviously have a strong credit rating. We don't feel the need to have it be even stronger. We can go up to 2.5 pretty comfortably, we feel, from a leverage standpoint. As you say, we have 1.8, 1.9 now. So from that vantage point, and of course, in a situation like this, I'm not going to make any comments other than to say our strategy on stock buyback is optimistically return cash to shareholders through stock buyback.
David Bernstein: And then actually, we did buy more stock in the second quarter than we did buy in the first quarter, again being opportunistic. And so as you point out, we actually, just so you understand, we look at the leverage going forward and do look at where we expect to be at the end of the year. We're not 1.7 at the end of the year. We're more like 1.9. And so as Arnold indicated, we do have an opportunity there to continue to borrow and to use those funds to buy back shares throughout the remainder of the year. And as I'll mention, we don't include those share buybacks in our guidance. Traditionally, we've just done share buybacks to date.
Jared Shojaian: Okay, that's helpful. And just to confirm, you'd be willing to go up to as high as 2.5 times, I guess, by the end of the year the way you look at it?
Arnold Donald: No, I wouldn't say that. That's the range within we can operate and maintain a strong credit rating. But we don't have a plan or anything. I don't want to -- you to misinterpret we'll go to 2.5.
David Bernstein: Yes. We've talked. In many cases, what we said previously is that we're looking broadly at a range of 2 to 2.5. And in good times, we would be at the better end of the range. And we'd allow the leverage to increase at other times. So that's obviously something that we'll have conversations on and will take a look at as a management team going forward.
Jared Shojaian: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hi. Thanks for taking for question. I guess, changing gears a little bit to fuel. Can -- I guess, when we look at the relationship between Brent and your fuel prices, there's been a bit of a shift and certainly more volatility. I guess, what are you expecting in that relationship between Brent as you talked about that $75, given the forward curve, as in backwardation, there's even a wider gap in Brent and fuel oil as we look further out? And maybe as part of that, just remind us of your thought process on hedging.
Arnold Donald: I'll do the hedging. We never hedge. We've done the collars. We did them before to protect against spikes in fuel prices that could compromise us in the capital markets when we have commitments for capital. We didn't want to have to go into the capital markets not knowing what the capital markets would be at the time. And so we did collars to protect ourselves in that regard. Since then, things are a lot different obviously. Our ratio's much better. We have a lot more cash than we have been. So we're in a much better position to weather any type of fuel spike or whatever. And so fundamentally, we've never believed in hedges. The board hasn't. The management hasn't. And so we continually look at that situation. Because number one, we want to maintain our freedom to operate and make sure we're doing it in an advantageous way for the shareholders. But we never try to play the fuel game, because even oil companies don't know where fuel prices are going. So that's not the business we're in.
David Bernstein: So Steve, when we do our guidance, I think we've said this many times before. We basically take the spot price of fuel today as we see it, and we use that price going forward through the balance of the year and in any forecast. We're not trying to make a projection for the fuel price, as Arnold said. We don't know where it's going, but we try to just use the current existing fuel price.
Stephen Grambling: And I guess, just two related follow-ups. One, given some of the airlines have started to implement changes to their fuel surcharges, what are your thoughts on potentially implementing something like that? And then I guess, just to be clear, as we look out to 2020, there's a pretty wide gap in the Brent versus heavy fuel curves. So is there any reason why you wouldn't be able to purchase the lower-cost fuel amidst the IMO implementation?
Arnold Donald: Got it. First of all, in terms of forward purchasing of Brent, we -- again, we try not to play the fuel game for obvious reasons. And the variability there is crazy. You just never know where you're going to be. So we tend not to do that. And then first part of your question, what's it again?
David Bernstein: The fuel surcharge.
Arnold Donald: Oh, the fuel surcharge, yes. So yes, in the past, we've implemented fuel surcharge when there was a rapid spike in fuel prices, et cetera. That's always something that we could take a look at. So far, we have not done that and considered doing that. And at this point right now, I don't think we would. But if prices were to continue to spike, obviously, that's something we have to look at.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. Ill get back in queue.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder: Thank you. A couple of questions here. One, related to Alaska, and David or Arnold, whoever wants to take this. You've commented a couple of times in the last couple of calls regarding the mix in Alaska. And just to clarify that, the mix that's somewhat restraining your yield growth there this year is, one, a limited capacity on the shore excursion side, correct? You still have very strong demand, but your...
Arnold Donald: Correct.
Tim Conder: Okay, okay. And the recent transaction...
David Bernstein: Purely the tour business.
Arnold Donald: Tour business.
David Bernstein: Yes
Tim Conder: Okay. And do you see -- how do you see addressing that here? Will the recent transaction make -- help address that going forward? Or is there other things you need to do?
Arnold Donald: No, the recent transaction would not, because it really is a hotel base because we have properties there. And so it's just -- it's purely just a mix issue. So Alaska's doing great. Earnings are growing. The capacity's there. We're making really good money. It's a very popular destination. It's just that we don't have more hotel rooms. And so some of the bookings have that with them and then others don't. And the ones that don't are at a lower price. And as that volume increases, it makes it look like a yield impact. But it's not a yield on cruise or anything.
David Bernstein: Yes. And Tim, as you can imagine, we plan our itineraries to optimize revenue for the company. So while within the context of just Alaska, it's a mix issue that we commented on. But we believe that the way we plan the itineraries, with the incremental Inside Passage to Alaska, will have a positive impact on the overall company's yields. So it's not flowing through negatively to the company. It's just a mix within Alaska.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then again, it's been talked a lot about here on this call, but within the Caribbean, you cited Puerto Rico last call; this call, also the San Juan in particular. Is there something in your Eastern Caribbean itinerary mix relative to the industry that's maybe giving you a little bit more difficulty than the broader industry in the Eastern Caribbean?
Arnold Donald: We homeport in San Juan, and so that's one thing that's different. I'm not sure that we're that different than the industry. I think you'd have to talk to the other. I guess, Norwegian changed their itineraries or something and went to a different part of Caribbean for the year. But frankly, we don't see it as anything particularly unique, but we do homeport.
David Bernstein: But Tim, we talked -- as I mentioned before, I said the Eastern Caribbean, we had been behind on price. And now we were in line on price. So we are seeing an improving trend on the Eastern Caribbean from what we saw last quarter. And it's the San Juan itineraries, mostly the Southern Caribbean, that were impacted to a great degree, as Arnold said, because we homeport there. And San Juan was a source market for us in those itineraries as well.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then lastly, China. Just any specific color there, what you've seen over the last 90 days? Are there -- in the year, appeared to be, Q1 was pretty good for you guys even though you really did not have the easy comparisons yet. And then Q2 onward appeared to have easier comparisons. So just any update there. And for the industry as a whole, including yourselves, obviously, it would appear that there's really pretty low risk on anything related to sanction going on with the tariffs and so forth also.
Arnold Donald: Yes. My usual contextualization of China, a small part of our capacity, embryonic market, basically still a B2B market, et cetera. It's all those qualifiers. And the bottom line is things are stronger for sure than they were last year at this time. And so it looks positive for the year on a relative basis so far. But China's China, and we have to see how things play out for the full year. But right now, conditionally, things definitely look stronger. In terms of sanctions, we haven't heard of any sanctions on either side that would directly impact the cruise industry. Obviously, there's still -- the Chinese are still not going to Korea at this point in time. If that changes, that could open up the possibility on some itinerary planning and maybe help the situation there even more. But in terms of additional sanctions or new sanctions, given what's going on, we've heard nothing. I just happened to be in China last week and had the opportunity to participate in some high government-level stuff. And nothing was talked about in those.
Tim Conder: Great. Gentlemen, thank you for the color.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity. Please go ahead.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning, guys. This is Assia. If I am to summarize, basically, the Caribbean outlook for the next -- for Q4 and Q1 specifically, at this time last year, we had very strong close-in demand. And because of the hurricanes in September, we're not seeing quite as much of that. So because we are in a deferred comp mode as opposed to specifically, a slowdown in terms of bookings for Q4 and Q1, it seems to me that things are starting to normalize quite a bit. And we saw pretty much most of the impact during Q1 and Q2 of this year, and we're starting to get normal. Is that a fair read?
David Bernstein: I think I would rather say that we saw most of the impact from the hurricane in Q2 and Q3 as opposed to Q1 and Q2. Because by the time the hurricane came last September, we were very well booked for Q4 and Q1. So it was really Q2 where you started seeing it. And then it gets better over time.
Assia Georgieva: And as we enter Q4, basically, early September when we saw the hurricanes last year, isn't it fair to assume that bookings, barring another active hurricane season, that the comparisons will ease significantly? So at this point, we're looking at timing year-on-year as opposed to necessarily poor trends for the Q4, Q1 period.
David Bernstein: There's no doubt we'll have easier comparisons, as I mentioned before, in the fourth quarter when we lap the hurricane.
Assia Georgieva: And we just haven't gotten there yet. We need to wait 3 months before we get there.
David Bernstein: Correct, which is why I was indicating that's baked into the current booking volumes. All the other markets were higher.
Assia Georgieva: Great. Thank you, David. I appreciate that.
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please go ahead.
Greg Badishkanian: Great. Thanks. And just in terms of Europe, I know that's been strong for you. The -- to the differences that you're seeing in the consumer of the North American going to Europe versus the European sourced. And just how sustainable you think that the strength in that market will be?
David Bernstein: So overall, keep in mind, Greg, that 90% of the guests on our ships in Europe are Europeans. And that has to do with the fact that we have all of our European brands. And so overall, I mean, Europe for us has been a very strong market. I did comment in the second quarter, both for our NAA and our EA brands, that we saw really good yield increases that drove the yield. And when I talked about the booking commentary, I talked about, for the seasonal European program, we were ahead at significantly higher prices for the NAA brands. And for Europe, I had said that occupancy was slightly ahead at higher prices. So we are seeing it's a great market for us and things continue to move forward. And I won't repeat all the comments that Arnold made about the overall market for the sake of time. But we believe this will continue to be an excellent market for us.
Greg Badishkanian: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Patrick Scholes: Real quick question here. You noted that the booking curve continued to be strong. Would you say that has gotten, since you last reported earnings, would you say that booking curve has gotten stronger, stayed the same, strong or gotten slightly less stronger? I'd just like some -- since last time.
Arnold Donald: It was very strong, and it remains very strong.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. So, all right. I'll leave it at that. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks. I wanted to come back to China. You recently introduced the Princess Majestic [ph]. You have the Costa Venezia arriving in that market next year. Curious your thinking on sending kind of new premium purpose-built hardware to that market, the returns you're seeing there, and if it makes sense to continue to send new capacity into that market. And then secondarily, can you just give us an update on how the distribution system with the charters has been evolving? And do you think it's making progress? And is there maybe a time line for the progress you'd like to see it make?
Arnold Donald: Excellent. Okay. Yes, so first of all, again, we believe eventually, China is going to be our largest cruise market in the world. So right now, we're teeny tiny, and it's embryonic. So absolutely it makes sense putting hardware there and new hardware. So Shanngsh Gong Zhu Hao [ph], which is Majestic Princess there, is ideally suited for Chinese. It's home port some of the year in China. The rest of the time, it's sailing elsewhere in Asia, but filled with lots of Chinese cruise goers. The Costa Venezia, as you mentioned, will be introduced in 2019 in China. The Costa brand, has several ships homeported there. It will be a great addition to their fleet. It's purpose-built again for the Chinese cruise goer. The market there is very large in terms of overall travel, both from cities in China and, of course, as a huge potential source market for fly/cruise all over the world. And so we will continue to have a presence. And as I mentioned, I was just over there recently. We definitely are excited about our joint venture with CSSC and moving that forward and establishing a brand in China. That's a partnership with [Stanley Enterprises] there to drive cruise, as they've mandated in their 5-year plan. So all of that stuff's very positive. In terms of the distribution system itself, yes, we've moved from full-ship charters primarily now to group sales and partial ship charters, et cetera. We've added a large number of additional distributors. All of that kind of de-risks things a bit from being overly concentrated and what, in effect, today is still pretty much a B2B market. The direct sales component is slowly growing a bit there. There's opportunity to grow that over time. But a time line in China, we'll see. It's a small market. I don't see today, for us and for the industry, I don't see a dramatic increase in percent of total capacity in the short term there. And the reason is not so much because of China, but because of the demand everywhere else in the world. And then as I mentioned, there's large addressable markets everywhere in the world that are under penetrated, including the United States. And so the ships are needed to continue to grow and serve the market demand that we've been creating over the past several years. But China, long term, is going to have a cruise market. But it's China. There'll be starts and stops and fits and turns and so on. And it's the nature of the animal, but our assets are mobile. And as long as it's accretive, we'll participate. And when it's not, we'll move the ships elsewhere. Thank you for your question.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate your participation on the call. We always do our best to give you the best guidance that we can. And I just want to leave you with the thought that our business is strong. The guidance we've given is reflecting some changes in fuel and currency. But beyond that, the business is strong. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation, and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-03-22 00:00:00) =====
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings conference call.
 I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; and David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, here with me in Miami. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
 Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release.
 We are happy to report that our company is off to another strong start to the year, achieving record earnings on record revenues in our first quarter. Adjusted earnings of $0.52 per share were 36% higher than last year and $0.13 higher than the midpoint of our guidance, which was all due to strong operational execution by our team members worldwide to exceed our guest expectations and by our travel agent partners who support us around the globe. Our strong first quarter results, combined with favorable net movements in fuel and currency of $0.10 per share, enabled us to increase the midpoint of our previous full year guidance range by $0.15.
 It was reinforcing to see constant currency revenue yield growth this quarter of roughly 4%. Now that's on top of 4% improvement achieved in the first quarter last year. We continue to drive revenue yield growth by increasing demand in excess of our measured capacity growth through our ongoing guest experience and public relations efforts. These efforts produced another very strong wave season and that's on top of last year's record levels on both price and volume.
 That said, our booking trends are affected by items that make some clarification necessary when comparing to the prior year. We have been changing our distribution methods in China to move from a high concentration of full ship charters last year to an increased number of group sales this year. This change result in a much closer end booking curve, which affects comparisons to the prior year, but we believe it reduces risk and optimizes yields. In fact, our first quarter, we had positive yields in China and that's on top of 20% industry-wide capacity increases and a comparison to a quarter last year that was pre-Korea impact.
 So absent the shift in China from full ship charters to more group sales, our global cumulative advanced bookings are ahead at higher prices for the remainder of 2018. Our booking trends demonstrate our business fundamentals are strong and we are sustaining momentum as we continue to generate demand for cruise.
 Of course, we're working hard and had many efforts on the way already this year to increase demand and expand the market for cruising. Here in the U.S., our Ocean Originals travel series continue to attract record viewership, remaining the most popular travel shows on TV. Our newest series, 'La Gran Sorpresa' on Univision, which provides programming in Spanish featuring an Hispanic community, performed above expectations. In its first 6 episodes, the hour-long prime time Sunday night program reached nearly 7 million viewers.
 Now that's a nice complement to our existing lineup featuring "The Voyager with Josh Garcia" on NBC, which recently achieved its highest-rated episode ever, drawing an audience of nearly 2.5 million viewers; while "Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin" on ABC consistently attracts 2 million viewers each week; and "Vacation Creation" with Tommy Davidson and Andrea Feczko, also on ABC, reached an audience of more than 1 million each week. In our second season, our major network viewership has increased 25% year-over-year and in just 2 short years has reached a cumulative audience of over 300 million viewers.
 This past wave season, we also launched multiple new marketing programs around the globe, which have been generating buzz for our brands. Here in North America, our highly successful Olympics campaign featuring Carnival Cruise Line, Holland America and Princess achieved nearly 400 million media impressions. Of course, you may have heard we appointed a new CFO, Chief Fun Officer that is, Shaquille O'Neal joins Carnival Cruise Lines inspiring others to choose fun. The Shaq campaign generated 2.7 billion impressions so far.
 In the U.K., our P&O brand launched its fourth marketing campaign with well-known British comedic actor, Rob Brydon, which generated 200 million views during the important wave season; while in Italy, France and Spain, Costa launched its third marketing campaign featuring Shakira on TV and social media, reaching 3.2 billion views with 13 million viewers on Facebook alone.
 We also furthered our guest experience efforts during the quarter. Progress continued on our OCEAN experience platform. Regal Princess is about to begin her European itineraries and will continue her ramp up with OCEAN abroad and we are now introducing our OCEAN platform on Caribbean Princess as she begins her summer Caribbean season sailing out of Port Everglades.
 On February 26, a new precedent was set, where we achieved a bandwidth of 2.25 gigabytes per second on Regal Princess, which represents 40x the connectivity capability of a typical ship and 400% of the maximum capability ever reported in the cruise industry. In fact, this was recognized as the most bandwidth capacity ever delivered to any mobile platform. MedallionNet is our on-ship connectivity for our OCEAN platform. It is a major breakthrough for guest connectivity experience at sea and is an outcome of our OCEAN experience platform.
 There were a number of other technology-driven milestones achieved this quarter in keeping with our ongoing efforts to further enhance the guest experience. Carnival Cruise Line completed the fleet-wide rollout of its new application, Hub App, which is among the highest-rated apps for cruise. Hub App achieved so many downloads, it actually trended and has crossed 3 million downloads and counting given its consistently high take-up rate onboard. More importantly, Hub App facilitates onboard revenue purchases like shore excursions and communications. This, combined with Carnival Cruise Line's newly launched CRM technology which enabled targeted marketing for onboard purchases, has driven a notable uptick in onboard revenues across multiple categories for the brand.
 Similarly, this past quarter, Costa rolled out its app, MyCosta, for its first ship, Costa Diadema, enabling our European guests to book shore excursions, dining and chat with others onboard. MyCosta will be rolled out fleet-wide by the end of 2018.
 And at AIDA in Germany, we recently completed the fleet-wide rollout of seamless check-in, enabling an embarkation process of just 30 seconds per guest and driving Net Promoter Scores even higher. AIDA will complete the rollout of its onboard app, MyAIDA, this coming quarter with additional functionality to be rolled out throughout 2018. These innovations are not only driving guest satisfaction scores higher, they are leading to a measurable increase in onboard spending for the organization overall.
 As you know, we also have a nice tailwind in ticket prices over the next few years with the rollout of our new state-of-the-art revenue management system, YODA, which is progressing as planned. As previously indicated, the revenue management system will be deployed across 6 of our brands to approximately 90% of those brands' inventory in the next few months to further facilitate yield uplift. We also remain on track to deliver $80 million of cost savings in 2018 as we continue efforts to leverage our industry-leading scale for containing costs.
 With $6 billion of cash from operations expected in 2018, we remain committed to distributing cash to shareholders as evidenced by recent share repurchases exceeding $250 million year-to-date, bringing the total to over $3.4 billion in just 2.5 years, as well as our growing dividend of $1.3 billion per annum.
 All told, the strong execution in the quarter, the fundamental strength in demand captured during wave season, combined with many achievements realized already this year to continue the momentum, all bolster our conviction in delivering double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 and beyond. Going forward, we remain focused on creating demand in excess of measured capacity growth and returning cash to shareholders.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to David. 
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold.
 Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated.
 I'll start today with an explanation of our change in reporting segments, then I'll provide a summary of our 2018 first quarter results, followed by an update on current booking trends for 2018 and finish up with some additional color on our 2018 March guidance.
 This quarter, we changed our operating segments to align with our new internal reporting. We still have 4 reportable segments and this change does not affect our consolidated results. We simply realigned 2 of our reporting segments. Our North America Cruise segment is now North America and Australia or more commonly known as our NAA segment. And our Europe, Australia and Asia cruise segment is now just Europe and Asia or more commonly known as our EA segment.
 While 7 of our 9 cruise brands have ships deployed in Australia, substantially all of our capacity in Australia is from our North American brands and P&O Cruises Australia. As a result, we realigned our internal reporting to consolidate substantially all of the Australian deployment into one cruise segment.
 In order to provide comparative historical information, this morning, shortly after our earnings release was distributed, we issued an 8-K with re-casted financial information for the segments for the last 3 years.
 Now let's turn to our financial results. As Arnold indicated, our adjusted EPS for the first quarter was $0.52. This was $0.13 above the midpoint of our December guidance. The improvement was driven by 3 things: $0.06 was from increased net ticket yields which benefited from stronger pricing on closed-in bookings on both sides of the Atlantic; $0.02 was from improved onboard and other yields which continue to benefit from a variety of ongoing efforts as Arnold highlighted in his comments; and $0.05 was from lower net cruise costs, excluding fuel, simply due to the seasonalization of costs between the quarters.
 Now let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 2.2%. The NAA brands were up 1.4%, while the EA brands were up 3.5%. Our total net revenue yields were up 3.9%.
 Now let's break apart the 2 components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yields were up 4%. This increase was driven by our NAA brands' deployment in the Caribbean and Australia as well as our EA brands' deployment in Europe and various other programs, including World Cruises. Net onboard and other yields increased 3.9%, with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. 
 In summary, our first quarter adjusted EPS is $0.14 higher than last year with strong 3.9% revenue yield improvement worth $0.17 being slightly offset by 1% higher net cruise costs, excluding fuel, costing $0.03.
 Turning to 2018 booking trends. This year's wave season was strong and that's on top of the record wave season we had last year. Booking volumes for all future periods have been running ahead of last year at higher prices. At this point in time, cumulative bookings for the remaining 3 quarters of 2018 are in line with the prior year at higher prices.
 Now let's drill down into the cumulative booking position. First, for our NAA brand. The Caribbean program is slightly behind the prior year on occupancy at lower prices. This is driven by the Eastern Caribbean itineraries and San Juan. The Western Caribbean itineraries are ahead of the prior year on occupancy at slightly higher prices.
 For the Eastern Caribbean and San Juan itineraries, we expect to optimize our revenue yields by holding price and being patient. While the current perception of these regions are still somewhat impacted from last year's hurricanes, our guests are having a great time and coming home very happy, so it's just a matter of time before we are successful in getting the word out and improving things even further.
 The seasonal European program is well ahead of the prior year on occupancy at significantly higher prices. Alaska is ahead of the prior year on occupancy, albeit at lower prices. However, as I indicated on the last conference call, Alaska yields are impacted by mix. In the end, we expect individual ticket pricing in Alaska to exceed last year's record levels.
 Second, for our EA brands. For their European deployment, occupancy is ahead at nicely higher prices.
 Finally, I want to provide you with some color on our 2018 March guidance. As Arnold said, our first quarter results, combined with the favorable net impact of fuel prices and currency, enabled us to raise our full year earnings guidance. The increase was driven by 3 things compared to our December guidance. First, we benefit by $0.07 from the favorable impact of currency. Second, we benefit by $0.03 from the change in fuel prices, including the impact of fuel derivatives. And third, we flow-through $0.05 of the first quarter benefit from higher revenues. Putting all of these factors together, our adjusted EPS for 2018 is $4.20 to $4.40 versus $3.82 for 2017.
 And now I'll turn the call back over to Arnold. 
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. 
Steven Wieczynski: So I guess the question is around your yield outlook for the remainder of 2018. And you basically maintained that at 2.5%. I guess, given the healthy beat in the first quarter and what seemed to be very strong second quarter guidance, what held you guys back -- or what's holding you guys back from maybe raising that at this point? I know you guys have typically not done that after the first quarter, but I think as we kind of look out through the rest of 2018, given your commentary, it seems like if we kind of stay in the same environment, there should be upside to that yield outlook. Am I thinking about that the right way? 
Arnold Donald: Good morning, Steve. Yes. So as David pointed out, the $0.13 beat in quarter 1, $0.05, was just the timing of expenses between the quarters. The $0.05 was the revenue improvement in the first quarter, which we passed through to the year, and then the balance in the -- for us is kind of just rounding. So we always give you our best guidance. We simply rolled up the guidance around it to the nearest $0.05.
 In terms of the environment, we're always anticipating that there -- it's a volatile world. There are things that can go on. We maintain our balance -- our guidance around yield for the balance of the year and so that's how it came up. 
David Bernstein: Yes. Steve, the $0.05 we wrote through is 0.25 point. It takes $0.20 to increase our yield guidance by 1 full point. So 0.25 point is just rounding. I mean, in fact, our yield guidance did go up, but it's still rounded to the same 2.5, but embedded was an increase. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then, second question, I guess, would be going to the Caribbean. And David, in your comments, you talked about how the Eastern Caribbean is a little bit softer, while the Western Caribbean is -- it seems like it's pretty strong. And I guess there seem to be this panic right now kind of out there in the investment community that the summer Caribbean pricing is deteriorating. And I guess can you guys give us some additional color on what you talked about, David, in terms of what you're seeing there? And are there any competitors out there right now that are somewhat overly promotional and maybe how you guys are countering that? 
Arnold Donald: Well, I'll start first and I'll let David add on. Globally, we're ahead on price and occupancy and, in fact, as David mentioned in the Western Caribbean, we're actually ahead on price and occupancy even with double-digit capacity increase. There was concern last year around the Caribbean and, again, we had strong yield improvement with double-digit capacity increases in the third quarter last year, but Eastern Caribbean is heavily influenced by San Juan and we're very confident that it's related to some hurricane malaise hangover. We're being patient and our guests, as David mentioned, are having a tremendous experience. In fact, I would tell anybody that's waiting to see better pricing before they book, they're probably just going to miss out. The guests are having a great experience and we're on the job of making sure people know that and understand that. David? 
David Bernstein: Yes. This is just one of many -- over time, each year, we seem to face an issue. One year, it's Turkey. Another year, it's [indiscernible]. There's always something, but these are small issues in the grand scheme of a global company. And despite the hurricane hangover that we're experiencing a little bit in the Eastern Caribbean, the overall business is doing great. And as Arnold said, the Western Caribbean, which is seeing double-digit capacity increases in the back of the year -- half of the year, we are seeing higher prices and we are ahead on occupancy. So we're very confident that the Caribbean will do very well and that's on top of a record year in the Caribbean last year. So we feel very good about the overall state of the business. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. The Caribbean is strong. 
Steven Wieczynski: That's perfect. And real quick, can I get a housekeeping question with Beth? Can I -- can we grab your updated 2Q through 4Q capacity increase expectations? 
Beth Roberts: Yes. Give me -- why... 
David Bernstein: Why don't we go on to the next question? When Beth gets the quarterly numbers, she'll give them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. 
Gregory Badishkanian: So first question, just in the fourth quarter, you mentioned that bookings for the full year 2018 were ahead of the prior year at higher prices. So with cumulative bookings now in line for 2018, pricing is much higher. Could you talk about why that works out? It sounds like the environment has been very healthy in terms of bookings since January. Is it -- is there some sort of mix issue? Or what's leading to the -- to that change? 
David Bernstein: So you're comparing 2 different periods. First of all, at the end of the year, what we were talking about was the full year 2018. Now we're talking about the balance of 2018 on a cumulative basis. But if you actually included 2019, we would be ahead at higher prices overall. So we were just trying to give the cumulative booked position as it related to 2017.
 The other thing that you also have to keep in mind is the goal isn't about being ahead. The goal is about optimizing revenue yield. So we're constantly taking action to do that. And I think I've said this before. If the booking curve keeps moving ahead, then at some point, we'll be sold out for the rest of the year and you guys would be -- would say to us, "Guys, you sold too quickly and you didn't optimize revenue yields." So we're making those decisions every day and we feel very good about our position at the moment. 
Beth Roberts: Quarterly... 
Gregory Badishkanian: And -- yes, go ahead. 
Beth Roberts: Go ahead, Greg. I'll finish when you're done. 
Gregory Badishkanian: Okay. All right. Yes. Just the closed-in bookings, a little bit more color. I mean, it was just a lot stronger in terms of the net yield. And when you think about what drove that, if you could just give us a little bit more detail on why you think it -- it did so much better from a net yield perspective? 
David Bernstein: Are you talking about the first quarter? 
Gregory Badishkanian: Yes. Yes. 
David Bernstein: Yes. I mean, listen, we always give you our best guess. I mean, we saw some strength in the Caribbean. We saw some strength in Australia. There were a number of markets where we did better than we had anticipated and onboard, too. I mean, it was both ticket and onboard, we're up. So it was across the board in every category. Sometimes you'll have a few things go one way and a few things go the other way and they may net out. In this particular case, just about everything went in a favorable direction for us. 
Beth Roberts: Okay. For the quarterly capacity, the first quarter closed up 2.2; the second quarter will be up 1.5; third quarter, 1.7; fourth quarter, up 2.6; for a total of 2% on the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein Research. 
David Beckel: Just had a follow-up on the Eastern Caribbean comments. You mentioned that San Juan is sort of the hub of perceived weakness or maybe the hurricane overhang. Are you also seeing weakness in Eastern Caribbean itineraries that don't directly touch on Puerto Rico? Or is Puerto Rico so pervasive that it pretty much touches everything? 
Arnold Donald: That was a -- there's a general -- now, you've got to put all this in context, right, because we had a really strong year last year. And so this is all on top of that and we're also trying to optimize revenue and yield as David mentioned. But generally speaking, San Juan is much more of a drag than the rest of the Eastern Caribbean in terms of where we are, but overall, I have to emphasize to you that things are strong and we feel really good about it.
 So it is a little bit of a hurricane malaise overhang. We had most of the first part of '18 booked already, although we did account last year for -- in the fourth quarter of last year when we had the call, we accounted for a little bit of impact from hurricane on future bookings. But the first part was pretty much booked, so we're starting to experience some of that now.
 But frankly, we're doing really well. We see a lot of strength there. The guests are having a great time. And there is a lot of media noise around San Juan in particular as people continue to focus on the infrastructure overall in Puerto Rico, which I think is a bit of a overhang for us. 
David Bernstein: And the only reason we really called San Juan out individually was because we do have -- San Juan is [indiscernible] for us. And also, it is a source market for that home port and that did have the -- hurricane did have an impact on that source market, albeit small, but it did have an impact. 
Arnold Donald: But our revenue management's signed. We're well positioned to finish strong overall in the Caribbean and in the Eastern Caribbean. 
Beth Roberts: Just to mention, the booking volumes during wave period has been strong. The issue dates back to the multi-week period when the hurricane occurred itself and the recovery period in the back half of last year. As Arnold indicated, we were [ far aloft ] for the first quarter when that occurred and that's why we're seeing the experience in the later part of the year. 
David Beckel: Great. That's helpful. And as a follow-up question, I want to ask a little bit about Ocean Medallion, the platform, the technology behind that. It seems like things are taking a little bit longer than you would have thought for the Princess rollout, but it sounds like you're also well along on apps for other brands. Are these apps based on some of the learnings from the Ocean Medallion? Or are they in any way connected? Or are they completely separate? 
Arnold Donald: No. They would be separate, but they're all around the same principle, which is to enhance the guest experience. Ocean Medallion is a holistic change. It's not an app, right? It changes every system on the ship. It redefines the roles of the crew, et cetera. We have on Regal, it's installed. Caribbean Princess is coming next. We have 8 ships in total now in the Princess fleet that are Ocean-ready.
 But we're doing a slow ramp-up on purpose. We want to make this -- it's a holistic change. We want to make sure that the platform is stable, that we repeat it a lot and we scale so we can discover whatever issues there might be. And we're having a lot of fun watching guests' reactions as we slowly introduce it. We're not under any pressure or rush. We're not fixing a problem that existed before. Our guests are very happy with the Princess experience. And this is all guest-centric stuff.
 So we've had some tremendous gains from it already in terms of the experience with MedallionNet as I articulated in the opening comments. So we feel very good about it. We are going to ramp it up slowly. We're excited to get it on another ship and give guests the experience and have the Regal continue its ramp-up as she goes over for our European itineraries. So that's where we are on that.
 The other apps -- we have 9 brands. They're all innovative. We've got a number of different things, different demands around the world. Each brand has a different psychographic segment it's catering to. And so a lot of the apps in the tube are all on the same principle, how do we enhance the guest experience so we consistently exceed our guest expectations? And it's becoming a positive tailwind. We've got nice lift in -- overall from a number of these things in areas like communications and other onboard areas as we do more targeted marketing, et cetera, which is driven by some of the capability that technologies give the crew. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. 
Felicia Hendrix: So -- we'll just keep drilling down on the Caribbean, but you guys have made it pretty clear that it seems like just San Juan and the homeported ships there that's been main issue. So just wondering, if you could help us understand, you said it was a small, but exactly how much of your deployment is -- are these homeported San Juan ships? And perhaps, can you quantify how much of a headwind San Juan is to your yield outlook? 
David Bernstein: Okay. Well, I can't quantify that, the headwind. But San Juan is just one Carnival ship that's homeported there, but the whole Eastern Caribbean -- like, I was looking at the back half of the year, the Eastern -- the whole Caribbean was 28% and I think the Eastern Caribbean represented 11% of the company's capacity for the back half. 
Arnold Donald: I'd say Eastern and San Juan is 16%. It's where we are versus 13% for Western Caribbean. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So I guess I'm just trying to figure out what the Eastern Caribbean would have looked like without this San Juan issue. 
David Bernstein: The way I look... 
Arnold Donald: That's an awful lot of detail... 
David Bernstein: Yes. It would have been better, but other than that, it's really hard to say what the impact is. Remember, it's 1 out of 100 ships and it's 1 2,000-passenger ship. It's very tiny. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. I think the most important part, Felicia, is that we're doing really well in the Caribbean and we're coming off a record year. We are doing, overall, very well. We are very confident about where we're sitting, even with the Eastern Caribbean, but on balance in the Caribbean overall. And occasionally, you're going to have an area or a few itineraries -- I mean, that happens every year, as David already mentioned, somewhere in the world and those are just things we normally manage through, but the underlying fundamental is very strong. And it's clear. In this case, it's not at all capacity-driven. It's other issues and we have successfully increased yields. Last year, [indiscernible] capacity increased in the Caribbean and we're doing it again this year. 
Felicia Hendrix: And with the perception issue, like, on a scale from 1 to 10, I'm sure it's improved because we keep getting further and further away. I mean, it -- where would you say we are? 
David Bernstein: It's really hard to say exactly where we are. It continues to improve every day. We've got the Caribbean -- it's open program going. It's industry-wide. And overall, this is just an ongoing change that hopefully, like everything else, is temporary. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, so batting 1,000 with those, so I'm going to move on to something else. You guys had talked about, briefly before 2019, and we've all heard about the elongated booking curve. So I was just wondering, when you think about 2019, what are your booking -- how do your booking volumes for '19 compare, say like to this time last year for 2018, both in terms of booking and pricing? 
David Bernstein: Yes, we, we've had -- the first half of 2019, we are ahead at higher prices, and so we're very encouraged by the overall future booking trends. But keep in mind, it is very early. 
Felicia Hendrix: Yes, okay. And then, that's just housekeeping -- if you could just give us your interest expense and D&A guidance for the second quarter and for the full year, that would be great. 
Beth Roberts: Sure. Second quarter, interest expense is $50 million, roughly $190 million to $200 million for the year. D&A is $515 million for the 2Q, 260 -- sorry, $2.60 billion to $2.70 billion for the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: I know you addressed earlier the idea that you -- your guidance actually does have a yields guidance raise in there, but it was only 0.25 point and kind of rounded, to be unchanged. I actually calculate slightly more than that, but maybe you're rounding conservatively, and that's fine. But I guess, I just -- you've -- you've talked a little about the East -- the San Juan cruises. I mean, is it fair to say that you could meet or exceed your yield guidance even if pricing didn't grow in San Juan year-over-year, I mean, given that you have strength in markets like European itineraries and Alaskan itineraries, that have a much higher average price point that growth there would more than offset? In other words -- and so, on a combined basis, you could still meet or exceed your existing guidance just from what you have on the books today elsewhere, is that a reasonable... 
Arnold Donald: Yes, we always work hard to beat our guidance. And absolutely on -- even within the Caribbean, we can, we've got a ways to go here, and so we can perform -- outperform there, even more than we already are. But certainly, with everything else in the world, we are ahead overall, globally, so. 
David Bernstein: And keep in mind, when we put our guidance together, we always provide for the unknown and that, of course, is included in the remainder of the year. 
Robin Farley: Okay, great. So it's a. . . 
Arnold Donald: We have another hurricane season coming, so maybe it'll be quiet, maybe it won't, but we always have to factor in -- that things can go upside down. 
Robin Farley: Okay, great. No, that's helpful. And then just -- you've talked about -- you're ahead in volume and price at record levels and that maybe that optimizing means that you actually don't want to continue to sort of always be ahead, right, that that's not the end goal. So just interesting that you mentioned for 2019 that you're ahead overall. And yet your volume, your booking volumes have still been up year-over-year on top of last year's record wave season. I guess, when would we see the point where you're putting more into price? And so we would see a period where maybe your volumes are not higher year-over-year? Like what, is that something that you think we'll see in 2018 or maybe more when you get to next year booking for the year ahead? 
Arnold Donald: We don't know. We got a lot of itineraries, a lot of brands and a lot of world markets, and things change every year, right? So I wouldn't try to predict when we would see that. What I will tell you this year, as I said on the opening of the call, if you exclude China, overall, we are ahead on both. And the China mix shift between full ship charters and group sales is the only reason why we're not reporting overall, being ahead on both. So that's for this year. And we're ahead, as David mentions really early, as he said for '19. But so far, we're ahead on both, for the first half of '19 as well. But we're not giving guidance on '19 yet, obviously. But -- so things are strong. Our job is to just create the demand in excess of the measured capacity growth to make certain our brands are consistently exceeding guest expectations. We -- our markets everywhere in the world that are underpenetrated, everywhere in the world, including here in North America, still including in the Caribbean. And so we have great fundamentals as long as we continue to drive demand, debunk the myths about cruising, and make it easier for people to book a cruise and then make sure, certain they have a fantastic time once they're on board. We're going to continue to do well. 
David Bernstein: And we're always chasing that optimal place. And the reason we don't know is, the world around us continues to change, and so we'll continue to adapt to that and chase the optimal. 
Arnold Donald: And practically speaking, what -- we'll never truly get to the optimal. I mean, it's always a moving target and what is optimal patterns this year wouldn't necessarily be the same one for the next year, so we'll always be chasing it. But as long as we're continuously getting better, then we're moving in the right direction. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet. 
Harry Curtis: My question is related to the incremental capacity growth globally coming next year. And I think you've done a pretty good job getting in front of that with your perception and marketing spend. To what degree do you think you can go back to markets you used to cruise to either in the Eastern Med or the Holy Land, that might absorb some of -- some of that incremental capacity coming next year? 
Arnold Donald: Again, we -- it's tough to predict those things. It's easy to say at some point, it's almost certain that we will be cruising back with a large -- some of our itineraries in places that previously were very high-yielding itineraries, and that includes the Black Sea, as well as what you're referencing now. But when that's going to happen exactly, the world is a strange and mysterious place, and we'll have to see. But we're prepared to take guests where they want to go, which is usually, they only want to go places that is safe to go and it's comfortable to go. But we'll take guests where they want to go, as long we're allowed to do that. But to predict when that would happen, the reality is there's always going to be -- there has always been, can't say what always will be. There have always been pockets where you -- it was great, then you couldn't go, then you went back and that's just [indiscernible].
 Notwithstanding that, we are underpenetrated in every market in the world, not just us, but the industry is. Just keep in mind, we only represent -- all the cabins represent up to 2% of the hotel rooms. And the vast majority of travelers are not cruising every year by a long shot, meaning they have never cruised. So we have great opportunity. For us, our planning, as you know, we are very comfortable with our capacity growth in the coming years. We've been consistent with our execution around measured capacity growth. And we're spreading that growth over a number of brands, an increasing number of geographic regions, and we're very careful where and when we add capacity. We're going to strive to drive yield increases at rates that we recently achieved, or even higher. In the end that may or may not happen, but we do have a bit of a cushion in the future, and future is of capacity itself is the driver for earnings growth and for cost containment. So we can achieve similar earnings growth rates at lower rates of increases in yields, but of course, we're going to strive for even greater earnings growth by driving both the occupancy and the yields. 
Harry Curtis: And specifically, have you been inching back into any of the markets where you had a higher presence, 3 or 4 years ago? Or are you preparing to? 
Arnold Donald: In terms of inching back, no, the brands plan our itineraries 2 years out, in some cases, even more. And so again as we read the tea leaves, we will go where guests want to go. I'm cautiously optimistic, some of those high-yield itineraries will be coming back in the next 3 to 5 years. Of course, there's markets like Cuba. And Cuba is still small, relatively, but it is expanding now. We were the first, as you know, very proud and happy about that. But the industry is going there and we're expanding our itineraries in Cuba. And that's a growth area. And then, of course, over the near term, there is still China. 
Harry Curtis: And just shifting gears for my last question. Going to capital returns, it would appear that given your capital commitments for new ships, in combination with your dividend, that most of your free cash is spoken for. But to the extent that your EBITDA goes up, do you -- and you've got an underlevered balance sheet, do you use your balance sheet or the capacity that you have to repurchase stock more aggressively? 
Arnold Donald: Again, we'll continue to repurchase. We have an authorization from the board now, and we'll continue to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis as we have in the past. We continue to grow our dividend, as you know. Our debt/equity ratio is very strong. There's no reason for us to make it a lot stronger. So yes, we can look at leveraging up while maintaining a very healthy debt/equity ratio to look for ways to return cash to shareholders even through increasing dividends and or -- through share repurchase. 
David Bernstein: So and -- we take our March guidance. If we don't buy back shares for the rest of the year, we'd wind up with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of less than 2x. So we will see an increasing absolute level of debt as we repurchase shares throughout the year and maintain at least the 2x ratio. I mean, it's a target. It's not an exact number. We'll never be at exactly 2x. Our overall goal is to be somewhere between 2x and 2.5x, and to maintain the current leverage that we have from that perspective. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. 
James Hardiman: So I wanted to clarify a couple of points, it's probably going to be nitpicking here a bit, but I guess that's what we do. So the first quarter yield beat was about $0.08 between ticket and onboard, and you're flowing through $0.05 to the rest of the year. Is that just conservatism, or are you actually bringing down something during the balance of the year? And I guess -- maybe related question, I mean, as we talk about the Eastern Caribbean, I think the point that Beth made is it seems like the majority of the weakness there was -- stems from the immediate aftermath of the hurricanes. Is that actually any worse than you thought it would be 3 months ago, or is it just similarly challenged? 
David Bernstein: Yes, so when we looked at our guidance, we got our forecast, we rolled it up. In our mind, nothing changed in the remaining part of the year, from what we were thinking in December. So in the end, the difference between -- it's $0.03. I mean, $0.03 is 0.15% of our overall yield guidance. And so I was just not that good to call it that close. And so we rolled it up. We gave you our best guess, and that's where we're at. Then like I said, we raised the guidance by 0.25 point then rolled the $0.05 through. It was as simple as that. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. And concerning the second part of your question -- was it worse than we anticipated or anything like that? Absolutely not. Again, I don't even want to leave a color on the Eastern Caribbean like it's bad. It's really not. I mean. We had great growth last year. We are still booking, and so on and so forth, and we'll see it through to the end. But it's a strong market on top of a record year. And the Western Caribbean is even stronger, and so the Caribbean overall is very strong. The guests are having a fantastic time. We got a couple of little pockets that we have to address, in terms of perceptions and stuff, but we're doing that, and I wouldn't want you guys walking away from this call thinking there's weakness in the Caribbean, because that's just not true. 
James Hardiman: Okay, I thought so, but I figured it was worth asking. And then in terms of China -- I wanted to revisit the change in distribution. Help me understand that a little bit better -- it sounds like it's just a timing thing, is that right? Close-in versus further out bookings, and I guess, is the point there that you're just diversifying your distribution, I mean generally, I would think, further out bookings are a good thing but is the idea that you're looking for diversification there? And then, maybe just speak to the health of the Chinese market exclusive of some of these changes in distribution methods? 
Arnold Donald: Sure. China, as you know, is a B2B market, much more than a true consumer market. And so the full ship charters, the way it's going to work if you want to imagine it is, January full ship charter would get booked at 100%, even though the cruise wouldn't happen until June. Now when they book that full ship charter with us, there may have been no guests booked at all. And so you're recording 100% in January for a June sailing. With group sales -- so you're busting that up now, with group sales, you may have 10% of people that have actually booked, okay? So you could be actually ahead on bookings. But instead of recording 100%, you're only recording 10% at that point in time, because the rest is going to come when the group sales are actually activated. And so that's the dynamic that causes the shift. In terms of why do that, we're doing 2 things. We're expanding distribution. And in doing so, we're also, as part of that, trying to go more to the group sales. We think overall it gives us greater clarity, it lowers the risk, the concentration of risk. And that full ship charter may have booked at 100%, but then later in the year, they may have come back and said, "Hey, we were only able to book it full because we had to drop the price which was different than the price we agreed to you with, we'd like a credit, can you help us out?" So on and so forth, so. Even though you recorded it, then there's claims and credits on the back end. So with the group sales and the distribution across more distributors, we're cautiously optimistic, that will be reduced, and will end up in better shape. And so far, for the first quarter -- keep in mind, as I said, the first quarter this year compared to last year's first quarter in China, that was pre-Korea impact last year, and capacity is actually up significantly in the first quarter this year in China versus last year's first quarter, and we've done well. So we're cautiously optimistic. China, is still China, we're going to let it play out. But again, we're well prepared with our guidance to handle whatever we need to handle. 
James Hardiman: And just so I understand, when you say you've done well, is that sort of, done well despite all the challenges, so down less than you maybe anticipated, or actually up in China? 
David Bernstein: Right. In his comments, he indicated that we were up in China in the first quarter, so. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, we're up. 
James Hardiman: Okay. I didn't know if that was a comment for last year, talking about the cruise [indiscernible]. 
David Bernstein: No, it that was not. 
Arnold Donald: That's for this quarter, yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. 
Assia Georgieva: I thought I was going to be the only one to ask a China question, because usually I'm the only one that doesn't ask a China question. But James here beat me to it. So given that one of your competitors has unwound their JV, how does that affect you? 
Arnold Donald: Frankly, not at all. I think -- I'm not fully up to speed or understand that the JV was unwound, that can be for a lot of different reasons. There's demand for ships all over right now, the world. But anyway, having said that, it doesn't affect us at all. I think it's just -- China is such an embryonic market. We have such a small relative amount of capacity against the latent pent-up demand that's there. And what's most important, is getting on a distribution system to connect with that demand. And then long term, we remain very optimistic. We're very excited about the progress we made with our joint venture with CSSC, the shipbuilding entity. And we feel good about the performance of Majestic Princess, our first purpose-built ship for China in our Princess brand, and the ongoing performance of the Costa Group, which was of course, the first international brand to be in China. 
Assia Georgieva: Yes. Arnold, thank you for that. And switching gears a little bit. In Alaska, again, we're having a competitor with a ship built specifically for that market, because you mentioned Majestic Princess for China and Norwegian Bliss for Alaska. Does that affect Princess in Holland America? 
Arnold Donald: Not at all. I think -- I'm sorry, it's just the concept of a ship purposely built for Alaska. We have a lot of ships that are purposely built for Alaska and many other places, but in any event, no. Alaska's a very strong market, we're enjoying continued success there. Obviously, we're far and away the largest -- especially with all the land properties we have in Alaska as well, which also adds to our ability to drive yield in our businesses. And so -- but there are always people coming and going and it doesn't really affect us. 
Assia Georgieva: No, I understand, and I appreciate your chuckle, in terms of purpose build, but it is a new build. It's a new ship, which we haven't seen in Alaska. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, yes. Good ship. Well, it won't be sailing year-round in Alaska, that's for sure. 
Assia Georgieva: Well, that would be difficult to do. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. 
Jared Shojaian: Can you just tell me, did you guys get any benefit from the new RM system in the first quarter? And have you baked any improvement in 2Q or the full year in your guidance from the RM system? 
Arnold Donald: Yes, YODA, our revenue management system, has been a -- definitely a boon to us. As I've mentioned, several times in previous calls, one of the biggest advantages, just -- of all of our revenue science folks to work together, because when you have that, different perspectives and that much talent, and you get them to work together, they ideate and generate things that they would never do on their own. And so the whole process of developing that too -- has been beneficial, and then the tool itself has been, and as I said -- there will be 6 brands that will have about 90% of our inventory going through it, that, some of that inventory of course is for 2019, so you won't see all the benefit in 2018. But it's definitely been a lift, has added discipline, has added creativity and has added yield. 
Jared Shojaian: Can you tell us how much of the 3.9% growth in the first quarter was because of the RM system? 
Arnold Donald: I'm sure our revenue science folks would love to give you a number, but the reality is, there are so many variables, there is no way to do that. It's clear that the cumulative effect of everything we've done has contributed to the positive result. There's no question, I could give you lots of anecdotal examples of where we had specific yield lift from actions driven by YODA and the teams. But to quantify it proportionately, is a task that they like to try to do but there's way too many variables. 
Jared Shojaian: Got it, okay. And just to confirm, to clarify on China, when you say yields were up in the first quarter, are you saying, constant currency yields were up? Or is that a function of just the RMB being a lot stronger year-over-year? 
Arnold Donald: No. Constant currency yields are up for the first quarter. 
Jared Shojaian: Okay. So maybe -- if yields are up in the first quarter, I guess, we're going to see supply drop off pretty considerably, you're going to start to lap the Korea impact. Is there any reason why China yield shouldn't start to materially improve from the first quarter? 
Arnold Donald: It would say that -- I mean, your thought process is obviously solid. We would expect that, but again, China's China, so we'll just have to wait and see. What we've done is given you our best expectations in the guidance we've given, which is obviously an increase overall in guidance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Timothy Conder: I wanted to mainly circle back to the broader capacity question. And it seems like yourselves and your other 2 -- #2 and 3 players have been very disciplined in how you've applied many different disciplines to achieve the overall objectives here. How do you view, maybe another player who's growing capacity very rapidly over the next several years? And their applications of disciplines, given past history, and how do you view that going forward and thinking about managing the capacity and yields and everything? 
Arnold Donald: Yes. I think the first comment I'd like to make is, a cruise is not a cruise, is not a cruise. I mean, the brands are all very differentiated, and they offer very distinct experiences. So we've learned, given the fact that there's large addressable markets everywhere that are seriously underpenetrated, that we have to focus on measured capacity growth. And we're totally focused on achieving double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 and sustaining that. And if, for some reason, we -- the demand isn't there, we are fully prepared to accelerate retirements and with our scale, that matters, as we're focused on growing earnings and not the number of ships. And so the fact other people do different things, or do whatever they're doing, obviously can impact us, but that's just part of a overall business condition we have to manage. The advantages we have is that the brands are highly differentiated, and if we're doing our job of creating the excess demand, then we should be able to continue to not only grow earnings through capacity addition, but also through yield improvement. And to the extent were falling short in any way, then we would manage our capacity, which is going to have way more impact on what we can do with yield and earnings, and so on, than what somebody else is doing. 
Timothy Conder: No, no, very helpful. Along that line, have you seen any evidence of those trying to build their brands in markets move more aggressive here so far, year-to-date or not? 
Arnold Donald: In terms of -- probably, you should talk to them, but you hear anecdotal stuff, but at the same time, you never know how much volume is tied into that. You also hear positive comments that some that we're discounting more severely in previous years are discounting less. So there's noise out there, but the reality is, where we see it, whether it's the Mediterranean, whether it's the Baltics, Alaska, the Caribbean -- we're seeing strength, and we feel good, and we continue to try to generate demand. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angus Tweedie with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Angus Tweedie: I just wanted to ask on [ IMA ] regulation, on exhaust gas cleaning systems. Could you give us an update, one, on your position in terms of the fleet. And then secondly, given the move we've seen in fuel oil in the last couple of weeks and the futures on that, has your approach to how you're implementing this technology changed at all? 
Arnold Donald: Yes, hey, thank you. We've installed the exhaust gas cleaning systems on the majority of our ships. In addition, as you know, we've ordered 9 LNG ships. We think that these and other mitigating actions will allow us to be prepared for the pending requirements in the 2020 ECA, on the low sulfur regulations. So we feel we're well positioned. The investment's already included in our CapEx guidance, so we're covered there as well. In terms of future fuel prices and stuff, we continue to look. We've never hedged and won't. We've used the collars in the past. We still have them in place through '18, and we'll continue to revisit. But we always did them to protect against a sudden spike that could cause a cash crunch in the business, with ship orders and other things we have on the books. And right now, with our position being so strong in terms of our cash position, the cash we have and our debt ratio, that will factor into any decisions around whether we would do collars in the future or not. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Ramskill with Credit Suisse. 
Tim Ramskill: Just 2 for me, please. The first is, at the Q1 stage, also your guidance for Q1 was for sort of 1.5% to 2.5% on yield, and your guidance now for Q2 is, is that a little bit more positive? So just wondering, if you could sort of tell us what's changed sort of now versus 3 months ago, thinking about the sort of most approximate quarter that you're about to move into. And then, my second question was just sort of, on the yield, the new yield management system, obviously, you were asked about it a moment ago. Just some sense as to sort of how far through the full process of rollout you are, I guess, it learns from itself over time, my understanding is, you're going to roll out across the entirety of the business as well. So how much through the sort of benefits of that do you feel you are? 
David Bernstein: Okay. So let me go through the quarters. Each quarter, we give you our best guess. I mean, we've got 80% to 90% of the inventory booked, on the books. But keep in mind, there's also the onboard revenue, which is a little bit less predictable, because you don't have 80% to 90% of the onboard on the books. We're looking at the second quarter, we see what we have. And it -- and we give you our best guess. In addition, the prior year comparables are also very different. But we are in a -- as we said before, we're in a good, strong position, looking out for the second quarter and the remainder of the year. And we feel pretty good about the guidance we've given for the second quarter. As far as the revenue management system is concerned, I think Arnold commented in his notes that over the next couple of months, we're going to roll it out to 90-plus percent of the inventory for the 6 brands that it's going on, which represent, I think it's about 45% of our business overall. So we are seeing, as we said before, it's good improvement from the system. It's adding positively to our revenue -- to our yields. And we're very excited and expect it to continue to add to yields over the next few quarters and few years as well. 
Tim Ramskill: Okay. So would you be as bold as to sort of put a timeframe as to how far through that whole process you are? 
David Bernstein: Yes. We've got a long way to go, because even once we implement the system, we're going to continue to improve it, and we're going to continue to learn from it. So this will be a number of years, so we're still in the early innings, and we expect to see multiple year-over-year improvement. 
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate your interest and engagement. Hope you all have a fantastic day. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-12-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - President and Chief Executive Officer Micky Arison - Chairman David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer Beth Roberts - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Harry Curtis - Nomura/Instinet Felicia Hendrix - Barclays David Beckel - Bernstein Research James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Greg Badishkanian - Citi Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Company
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Today, I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison, by David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer and by Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us this morning. And we sincerely wish each of you and those who love a faith and joyful holiday season. Now, before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. While fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $0.04 per share below the prior years record levels, we experienced another quarter of strong revenue yield and excluding $0.11 per share drag due to the hurricane disruptions, a quarter of earnings improvement. In fact, we finished the year strong with adjusted earnings that exceeded the midpoint of guidance. This quarter, we exceeded guidance by $0.16 per share helping to produce the highest full year adjusted earnings in our companys history. We achieved full year 2017 adjusted earnings of nearly $2.8 billion or $3.82 per share, thats $0.37 higher than last years record results and well above the high-end of our original December guidance range of $3.30 to $3.60 and thats despite a $0.32 drag from fueling currency moving against the aforementioned hurricane disruptions; challenges in the China market, including itinerary disruptions involving Korea and elsewhere ongoing geopolitical concerns preventing port calls to popular higher yielding destinations like Turkey; strong operational improvement contributed $0.58 per share for the bottom line year-over-year, which when combined with the level of business accretion from our share repurchase program overcame the variety of significant headwinds this year to deliver another full year earnings record. More importantly, we achieved return on invested capital of 9.4% keeping us on track to achieve double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 and beyond. These strong results affirm the efforts of our 120,000 team members whose commitment and passion enable us to exceed the expectations of nearly 12 million guests annually and also accredited to our tens of thousands of valued travel agent partners who support all our brands. It is true their collective efforts that we deliver such strong earnings and we embark upon 2018 with booking volumes and pricing both ahead of prior year. It was reinforcing to see another year of constant currency revenue yield growth finishing the year up 4.5% demonstrating a consistent pattern of healthy revenue yield improvement. We drag revenue yield growth by creating relative scarcity through each of our brands to assess an increasing demand in excess of measured capacity growth via ongoing guest experience efforts coupled with our multiple brand marketing efforts and continuing public relations programs. In fact, this quarter we launched meaningful efforts on multiple fronts, which we expect will pay dividends in 2018 and beyond. On the guest experience side, last month, we debut the ocean experience platform featuring Ocean Medallion on Regal Princess. The ocean experience platform maybe the most ambitious and expensive IoT based innovation on the planet. We are having fun seeing the guest reactions. Our crew is ecstatic and we are experiencing net promoter scores among the highest in our fleet, but it is still early days and only a limited number of guests have experienced elements of Ocean Medallion so far. We are fine-tuning and enhancing the platform based on real-time learning as we prepare for full rollout of our Regal Princess in the first calendar quarter 2018. This past quarter we also introduced PlayOcean, our proprietary mobile gaming portfolio. PlayOcean taps into the growing interest in mobile gaming by offering a collection of original games that can be played at home and onboard select chips. We have not just extended gaming authorship but we are making gaming more immersive on board and on the Public Relations front. Just yesterday, we announced a new partnership with Univision the first Ocean primetime series, La Gran Sorpresa, [indiscernible]. La Gran Sorpresa will be aired in early January well time to coincide the beginning of wave booking season. Univision is the countrys most large Spanish-language TV network catering to the more than 54 million Americans who identify as Hispanic. The crews collective vacation experience is La Gran Sorpresa aligned wonderfully with the core value for the Univision audience focusing on multigenerational family togetherness fun and passion for life. Now, this announcement comes on the heels of our launch of OceanView, our own proprietary digital streaming network featuring compelling experiential content 24/7 and currently available on major digital platforms, including Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Roku as well as onboard our ships. OceanView launched simultaneously with our two new proprietary original content digital productions, GO and Local Eyes and they build upon our three award winning television shows, The Voyager with Josh Garcia on NBC, Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin on ABC and Vacation Creation with Tommy Davidson and Andrea Feczko also on ABC, all in their second season. Our network series are the most positive travel related shows on TV. Today, this increasingly popular roster of U.S. original content television programs has garnered over 100 hours of cumulative airtime and reached an audience of over 200 million viewers. Going forward, our portfolio of 7 OCEAN original series distributed across major networks, major digital streaming platforms, and on our ships ensures that over 4 million potential guests per week see that cruising is the best way to access the people, to access the places and to access the cultures of the world. Other successful PR efforts include the premier earlier this month of the major motion picture, The Greatest Showman of Cunards Queen Mary 2; Holland Americas featured cruises in partnership with O Magazine, including Oprahs on-voyage on Eurodam in Alaska earlier this year and in Italy, another commercial for our Costa brand featuring Shakira will launch on Christmas Day continue at a highly successful marketing campaign and thats just to name a few. All of these efforts resulted in positive media coverage of 2017, for example, to U.S. that was 10% above 2016s record levels and our highest share of voice to-date with Carnival Corporation brands carrying three quarters of the industrys positive coverage. Again, these efforts are all engineered to reach audiences multiple times in multiple ways to help drive demand by our brands ultimately leading to higher yields. There have also been a number of significant developments in our strategic fleet enhancement plan, which is an important part of our measured capacity growth strategy and includes replacing less efficient ships with new more efficient vessels. During the year, we introduced 3 state-of-the-art new ships signed agreements with Fincantieri to build 3 additional new ships. And as previously announced, our joint venture for the Chinese market with CSSC, the China State Shipbuilding Corporation ordered for delivery in 2023 the first ever cruise ship to be built in China. So, we remain on track with our strategic fleet enhancement program and look forward to the delivery of Carnival Horizon in March, Seabourn Ovation in April as well as AIDAnova and Nieuw Statendam both in November. At the same time, we signed agreements to sell 2 ships expected to leave the fleet next spring keeping us on pace with our historical average of removing 1 to 2 ships per year. Also we expect net capacity growth to be 1.9% in 2018 and in keeping within our philosophy of measured capacity growth around 5% compound annually through 2022 as new chips replace some existing capacity. We also realized a number of other accomplishments that position us further along the path to sustain double-digit return on invested capital, including two of our brands operating cruises to Cuba, our contemporary Carnival Cruise Line sailing from Tampa and our premium Holland America brand sailing from Fort Lauderdale, the continued rollout of our new state-of-the-art revenue management system across 6 of our brands to approximately 90% of those brands inventory by spring of 2018 to further facilitate yield uplift. We also accelerated progress on our cost containment efforts delivering more than $100 million of cost savings in 2017 and more than $75 million including our original 2017 guidance, which brings the cumulative savings to-date to approximately $300 million. We are planning another $80 million of savings in 2018. Importantly, we continue to make meaningful progress on our 2020 sustainability goals focusing our environmental safety, labor and social performance. We have already reduced our unit fuel consumption by 29% since initiating the effort, we remain committed to ongoing reduction in air emissions with, during 2017, the delivery of AIDAperla, our second cruise ship to be powered in-port by environmentally friendly liquefied natural gas and the keeling of AIDAnova, the first of 7 all L&G ships on order. And in 2017, we joined pledges to support the advancement of womens leadership and diversity in the workplace drafted by Catalyst, the leading global nonprofit focused on expanding opportunities for women and to support and encourage diversity in the workplace drafted by the Executive Leadership Council, the leading global organization working to empower African-American corporate leaders. We also launched our first dedicated sustainability report website to expand our sustainability reporting. Our commitment to continuous improvement in health environment, safety and security result in our being ranked in the top quartile of the 100 best corporate citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine as well as recognition for our sustainability report, which was ranked number one globally by Corporate Register. We delivered in 2017 over $5.3 billion of cash from operations, returned a significant portion to shareholders and an increase of quarterly dividend twice in the past year, we distributed a total of $1.1 billion through our annual dividend and invested another nearly $600 million in our ongoing buyback program bringing our cumulative repurchases to-date to $3.2 billion in just over 2 years. Of course, we were able to accomplish this while maintaining our high investment grade credit rating. So in summary, in addition to our record results, we have many other great accomplishments this year to reinforce our journey to sustain double-digit return on invested capital. Looking forward, our book position is strong heading into 2018. Despite the disruption in bookings, the fundamental strength in demand enabled us to withstand the hurricane malaise, leaving us well positioned for continued revenue yield improvement in 2018 with both occupancy and price still ahead of the prior year. On our last quarterly call, we indicated we could be patient as we waited for the recovery in bookings post hurricane and I believe this approach enabled us to maintain pricing integrity while at the same time aggressively stimulating demand through, among other efforts, our industry-wide campaign, the Caribbean is open, which created 5 billion positive media impressions. We are projecting revenue yields to be another 2.5% in 2018 on top of the tougher comparisons with this years success based on our proven demand creation and yield management efforts. At the same time, we continue to contain costs. In 2018 at the midpoint of our guidance, despite an $0.08 per share negative drag from a combination of fuel and currency, we expect to deliver an improvement in earnings of $0.33 per share. We remain committed through achieving increased consideration for cruise vacations and continued investments in our guest experience to create additional consumer demand in excess of measured capacity growth, while at the same time continuing to return cash to shareholders. I am very proud of all the progress our teams have made in 2017 and I am genuinely excited by our prospects as we embarked on 2018. We are working very hard and we remain on track to deliver double-digit return on invested capital to shareholders in 2018. With that, I will turn the call to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin please note all of my references to revenue ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. Ill start today with the summary of our 2017 fourth quarter results, then Ill provide an update on current booking trends for 2018 and finish up with some color on our 2018 December guidance. Our adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.63, as Arnold indicated, this was $0.16 above the midpoint of our September guidance. The improvement was primarily revenue driven, $0.11 favorable and increase in net ticket yields benefited from stronger pricing on close in bookings on both sides of the Atlantic, while on-board and other yields continue to benefit from a variety of our ongoing initiatives, $0.04 was due to a combination of lower net cruise costs without fuel, fuel consumption and depreciation expense. We also benefited by attendees from the net impact of fuel price and currency. Now lets turn to the fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 1.5%. The North American brands were essentially flat, while the European Australia and Asian brands also known as our EAA brands were up over 3.5%. Our total net revenue yields were up 4.2%. Now lets break apart the 2 components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were also up 4.2%. This increase was driven by our North American brands deployment in the Caribbean, late season Alaska, and Europe, as well as our EAA brands deployment in Europe, the Caribbean and Australia. These increases were partially offset by decreases in our China deployment as previously indicated. Net on-board and other yields increased 4.1% with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. Net cruise costs per ALBD excluding fuel were up 6.1%, which was in line with our September guidance driven by higher dry dock days hurricane impact and the seasonlization of other expenses between the quarters. In summary, our fourth quarter adjusted EPS was slightly less than last years record fourth quarter with the strong 4.2% revenue yield improvement was $0.19 the more than offset by $0.20 of higher costs during the seasonalization of costs and the net unfavorable impact of fuel price and currency costing us $0.03. Now lets turn to 2018 booking trends. Since November, booking volumes for 2018 have been running well ahead of last year at higher prices. At this point in time the cumulative booking positioned for 2018 we are ahead of the prior year on both occupancy and press. Lets drill down into the cumulative book position. First, for North American brands the Caribbean program is behind the prior year and occupancy as a result of the disruption we saw in booking patterns for a number of weeks after the hurricane. However, these bookings are at higher prices. As expected, since November we have seen normalization in the Caribbean booking patterns. The seasonal European program is considerably ahead of the prior year on both occupancy and price Alaska is ahead of the prior year and occupancy albeit at lower prices primarily due to net. Second for our EAA brands, for European deployment, occupancy is nicely ahead at higher prices, but the Caribbean occupancy is in line with the prior year at slightly higher prices. Finally, I want to provide you with some color on 2018. We are forecasting a capacity increase of 1.9%. As Arnold indicated, our book position is strong heading into 2018 despite hurricane disruptions which positions us well for continued growth in revenue yields. For 2018, we are projecting net revenue yields to be up approximately 2.5% on top of the tougher comparisons with our prior year success. Now, turning to costs, net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD is expected to be up approximately 1% for 2018. Broadly speaking, there are three main drivers of the cost change. First, our forecast is for an average 2 points of inflation across all our cost categories globally. Second, we are planning for a slight increase in drydock days from 470 days in 2017 to 505 days in 2018 impacting cost metrics by two-tenths of a point. Partially offsetting these two items is about a point of cost saving benefit from further leveraging our scale. Fuel prices and FX rates are a different picture from what we saw just 3 months ago when the 2018 year-over-year net impact of fueling currency was a favorable $0.14. Given current fuel prices and FX rates, the 2018 year-over-year net impact of fueling currency is now an unfavorable $0.08. This is a $0.22 swing in just 3 months. In the end on a year-over-year basis, fuel prices moved against of $0.16 including the impact of fuel derivatives. This was partially offset by favorable impact of currency were $0.08. Putting all of these factors together, our adjusted EPS guidance for 2018 is $4 to $4.30 versus $3.82 for 2017 and we will finish up by sharing with you our current rules of thumb about the impact of currency and fuel prices on our 2018 results. To start with, a 10% change in all relevant currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would impact our P&L by approximately $0.46 for the full year and $0.02 for the first quarter. For fuel price changes, a 10% change in the current stock price represents a $0.20 impact for the full year and $0.05 for the first quarter. Fuel expense in our guidance is $1.5 billion for the full year. The third rule of thumb relates to our fuel derivative portfolio, a 10% change in Brent would result in a $0.05 change in realized losses on fuel derivatives for the full year and just a $0.01 for the first quarter. And now, I will turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks very much. Obviously a great quarter. I wonder if you could give us a little bit more color around what drove that close in upside in Q4 just as we think about your guidance for 2018, because when you last guided you are kind of well into the quarter. So, it seems like a lot of price uptick in that last kind of 10% to 20% of bookings, especially since it was at a period when we would have maybe expected Caribbean bookings to be disrupted. So I wonder if you could give us a little color on how much of it based your new reservation system, how much of it is maybe the FEMA charter that took supply out at the last minute or just kind of any color around what drove that? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Good morning, Robin. Thank you. First of all, the FEMA charter is immaterial to yields. The ship was basically fully sold and we did it to support the recovery efforts and there is no big benefit on that one too as financially from where we would have been otherwise. But overall, we just had strong demand in all the markets including in the Caribbean outside of the direct hurricane impacted areas. So, we had strong pickup there. The revenue management system would evolve preceded all of that, but of course the fact that we were holding on prices and we are so well booked certainly contributed, but we just saw strength in a lot of markets.
David Bernstein: Yes, the only thing I will add to that is we also saw strength in the onboard. I indicated the onboard yields were up 4.1%, which was considerably more than we had guided to.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, Robin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes, hi, guys. Good morning and happy holidays to you all. So, I guess the first question is around your 2.5% yield outlook for 2018. Its the same exact guidance you started 2017 with and you finished the year kind of north of 4%, which was a nice split of ticket and onboard. So, I guess as we look to 2018 given how solid trends seem to be right now, is it fair to say that if the booking environment and the economy kind of stay in the same ballpark there should be upside to your yield assumption and maybe a better way of kind of asking that is if you look back to 2017 in your initial yield guidance, what was the biggest surprise to you guys in terms of how that 2.5% got to north of 4%?
Arnold Donald: Thanks, Steve. Happy holidays to you too. Look, we always give our best guidance as you know and we are projecting another year of strong yield on top of what is now a lot tougher comparisons, because as we had in 2017. Its really early in the booking process. Wave season hasnt even started yet. And like every year, we do try to factor in that there will be unforeseen future events, but overall, we standby the guidance, it is on top of tougher comparisons. I wouldnt say there were big surprises in 2017 its just the way things flow we had a lot of headwinds in 2017 as you know and we were able to overcome them by increasing demand for the cruises and by having factored in anticipating there will be some unforeseen events.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, got it. And then second question around supply growth and that really seems to be the biggest overhang out there right now with investors. I guess, how do you guys counter that concern and I know Arnold you said you think you are going to grow your capacity around 5% a year, which I would assume is on a gross basis, but that doesnt include things like possible retirements, which I think you said will be 1 to 2 per year and also the fact that a lot of certain parts of your capacity growth are really dedicated to a very specific audience or demographic like AIDA. So, I guess what I am getting here is if you kind of start stripping out all that stuff how do you actually view your core capacity growth going forward?
Arnold Donald: We are very comfortable with our capacity growth in the coming years. We have been consistent with our execution around measured capacity growth and we are going to stick with that. We are spreading that growth over a number of brands, increasing number of geographic regions and we are very careful where we add capacity. Of course we are going to try to drive yield increases at rates that we have recently achieved or even higher. In the end, that may or may not happen. We have a bit of a cushion as capacity itself is the driver for earnings growth and its a driver for cost containment. So, we can achieve similar earnings growth rates at lower rates of increases in yields. Of course, our objective though is to get even greater earnings growth by driving both capacity and yields.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. And then simple housekeeping question for Beth or David, can we just get your capacity by quarter for this year and also what  how you guys are thinking about 19 and 20 and then CapEx as well?
Beth Roberts: Q1 is up 2.2, Q2 is 1.3, Q3 is 1.7, Q4 is 2.6 thats a total year of 1.9 CapEx for 2018 its 4.4 billion, 2019 its 5.1 billion, 2020 its 4.8 billion and 2021 its 3.9 billion and I think I missed one of your questions.
Steve Wieczynski: 19 and 20 capacity outlook?
Beth Roberts: 19 is 5.5 for us and 7.4 for 20.
David Bernstein: Anecdotally, the industry managed to 13% industry-wide growth and 11% growth plus in the Caribbean in quarter three of 2017 and we still drove strong yield improvement. Yes, I just want to reinforce that we are totally focused on measured capacity growth and we are totally focused on achieving and sustaining double-digit return on invested capital. So for some reason, we fail in creating the demand then we are fully prepared to accelerate retirements and with our scale that matters and so we are focused on growing earnings and not just the number of ships.
Steve Wieczynski: Great. Thanks guys. Happy holidays.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura/Instinet. Please proceed.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good morning everyone. I wanted to just follow-up on the last question particularly as we look into the somewhat higher growth in supply growth in 2019 and 2020. Are there segments that you have identified kind of demographic segments that are driving the new cruisers, because Arnold you had spent a decent amount of time discussing your global marketing campaigns and I am just wondering if there are some new segments that you are actually targeting?
Arnold Donald: We are under-penetrated in the industry as in every market in the world including the U.S., I will repeat something I have told you guys many times, if you add up all the cabins in the world, they add up less than the hotel rooms in the world. And so we are still very small. Cumulatively, the cruise industry sales over 25 million people a year, but dentists attracts 24 million towards the year. So, I mean, we are just small. And so yes, we are tapping every market segment and we sell in every generation, whether its millennials, seniors, it doesnt matter, children. So, all of those are potential markets for us. We have 9 whirling and cruise line brands. They are all catered to a different psychographic mark. You asked about demographics. We are distributed around the world. We even distributed here in the United States with the Carnival brand, we see a lot of different markets around the U.S. And so we subgroup the markets demographically that way location wise, but primarily we are focused on the guest experience and the psychographic placement. So, we think there is opportunity and we have demonstrated so far to continue to grow demand for cruise at a faster rate than we can grow capacity and we do have constraints on capacity growth, a limited number of shipyards, which is a good thing in the end. And we take advantage of that to outpace demand with the capacity thats available.
David Bernstein: And keep in mind that the backdrop is that travel and tourism has been growing about 4% a year and is expected to continue to grow at that rate. So, we are in a very good position in a growing industry. And as Arnold said, we expect to do very well with and very comfortable with our capacity growth.
Harry Curtis: Thats terrific. And just a quick follow-up turning to China, Arnold, do you see the market evolving into a growth market at some point in the next year or two as opposed to sort of being a shoppers commuter market?
Arnold Donald: In China, the industry had a tough year in China this year, but I think the long-term prospects are outstanding. In 2018, there is going to be limited capacity growth in fact I think the industry is flat. We are expanding our distribution. I know others in the industry are doing the same. We are working very closely with our existing distributors there to connect that latent demand note with the few ships that are there. We are still very return focused. We have no hesitation to relocate a ship if necessary for it to overall have more accretive return for our business and just keep in mind its still so small. Today, it represents only 5% of our capacity, maybe 1 million cruise tours out of 130 million outbound tours in China. So, everything is really tiny. To predict that although obviously everybody is more optimistic, I think we seem to be selling down a bit with expanded distribution, we factored in some improvement in our guidance, but we will just have to wait and see.
Harry Curtis: I guess what I am after is do you see a demand in the say next several years where the market evolves more towards tourism and less towards shopping?
Arnold Donald: I think absolutely the market is already there for tourism, you go anywhere in the world, you will find mainland Chinese, behaving like tourists from any other place in the world. So, yes the cruise business started out early with a few local destinations there, close in destinations which were very shopping oriented, but theres no question that mainland Chinese are showing up on ships all over the world now not just ships imported in China and the ships imported in China will see over time itineraries expanded to go to more distant places some for the purpose of tourism versus a good deal on merchandise item.
Harry Curtis: Very good. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning and thank you. Im going to go at this maybe from a different angle, because people want to understand this. So you faced incredible challenges in the fourth quarter, you posted better-than-expected results. So a lot of people are just wondering why we might be seeing a large deceleration in net yield growth in the first quarter? Are you assuming any kind of hurricane impact in there, David you kind of talk about a bit about the Caribbean is behind in occupancy, but at higher prices and Im assuming that occupancy isnt super significant, but is the wondering if its just being conservative or is there fundamental reason, why the first quarter should see that kind of deceleration?
Arnold Donald: Well, again, we got tougher comparisons year-to-year now and were giving out our best guidance. In terms of the hurricane impact, clearly there has been some kind of impact, but frankly the markets have recovered, its hard for us to really identify what impact, Im sure there is some individuals that are shying away from the Caribbean still despite. The industry efforts and our efforts and each the other cruise lines efforts to that people know the Caribbean is open and the Caribbean is for everyone. And but havent said that we  we see continued strong bookings in the Caribbean. And we give you our best guidance and you guys those conservative, but again there  we always try to factoring things that can go wrong and obviously a lot of things happened this year, a lot of things happened every year and so we try to account for that.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, thats helpful. And then David, can you help us understand the quarterly cadences net cruise cost ex-fuel for 18, we know 2.3%, Im sorry 2% to 3% for the first quarter and 1% for the full year fourth quarter Im assuming easier comps perhaps that could be negative growth rate. So just wondering if you could help us understand the cadence for yields quarterly beyond the first quarter?
David Bernstein: Sure. The increase in dry dock days is really driven in the second quarter. So it wouldnt surprise me if the second quarter was up probably double the first quarter on a per ALBD basis, but you will see a significant decline in net cruise costs in the back half of the year as a result of the lower dry dock days particularly in the fourth quarter.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, thats very helpful. And then Beth just can you give us the D&A and interest expense guidance for the first quarter and the full year 2018?
Beth Roberts: D&A is 460 to 470 for the first quarter and 2.02 billion for the year, interest its 40 to 50 for the quarter and 180 to 190 for the year.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you.
Beth Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
David Beckel: Hi, thanks a lot. I think Ill actually take a stab at Q1 for the third time here, just a slightly different way, but my question is an amalgamation of a couple of comments you made about bookings since November being quite a bit faster than last year and occupancy and the Caribbean being behind. Im wondering if the current pace does continue say indefinitely through Q1 at what point would you be caught up on occupancy in the Caribbean?
David Bernstein: As Felicia had dictated, I mean we are not talking about a significant difference in occupancy, we did say it was behind. We are getting good booking trends. They have returned to normal. And so we are just in very small range of differences here. And as I had indicated the prices are up. So, we feel very comfortable with our guidance for the first quarter. And as we have told everybody, it is our best guess and we will continue to work hard to do better.
Arnold Donald: We dont have any concerns at this point about the momentum or the bookings in the Caribbean. We are doing very well there and we are pacing things the way we want pacing then and we feel really good about it.
David Beckel: Thats great. Thanks. And second question about the revenue management system, I can imagine its probably impossible to try to quantify exactly the extent to which I hope your yields this year, but it does seem to be a nice source of potential upside that investors can think about for next year. Is there anyway you can try to dimensionalize the impact for us either on basis points or just conceptually how it will help you significant  the extent to which it will help you in 2018 versus 2017 outside of it just being rolled out on more quickly?
Arnold Donald: Well, I am sorry I dont mean to cut you off, finish what you are asking I am sorry.
David Beckel: No, I was done. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Yes. Conceptually, we can answer we wont dimensionalize it with percentages anything, but conceptually we are going to go to 90% of the inventory for those 6 brands going through the process of utilizing it too in the spring. So, we are going to have a lot more inventory going forward being impacted in 2018 with the whole system, which includes the two, the new revenue management tool. So, we are expecting obviously that to be a positive contributor. And given the guidance for the years, but the bottom line is we are 4 to 5 in our beliefs of achieving what we have said because of the incremental amount of inventory thats now be moving through the system that includes that two.
Beth Roberts: I would like to add that in spite of the spring when its rolled out a lot of 2018 will be behind us. So, to the extent that we have a bigger benefit in 2019 from the tool itself keep that in mind.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, Beth.
David Beckel: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed.
James Hardiman: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. I am not sure if you have any more insight than we do in terms of South Korea maybe get an update there. And I guess what does it look like if South Korea opens up over the course of the year, are there going to be other cost associated with switching back over to some of those destinations if it assume that you would more than offset that with any yield benefit and I guess what if anything  how do you factor that into guidance if at all?
Arnold Donald: Yes, I think anything that allows more destinations and encourages travel is a positive clearly. Itinerary planning has been set. That doesnt mean that things wouldnt change if there were opportunities to do so. So, opening it up would only be a positive, how much of a positive, its hard to say at this point, it will depend on a number of factors, but Id say about what I said before keep in mind overall 5% of our capacity we are planning. We accommodate a lot in the guidance and so something like that would just be a small incremental positive, probably wouldnt be able to measure it.
David Bernstein: And in the end I mean its a forecast that we always get a bunch of small positives and a bunch of small negatives. We are not all knowing and we give you the best guidance we can. So, hopefully, it does open up and that materialized its course.
James Hardiman: But generally unlike taking South Korea offline which presumably was a hit to yield by changing existing itineraries, you are not going to take a yield hit if anything you should get a yield benefit, correct?
Arnold Donald: I dont think we change anything to take a yield hit thats not normally in our modus operandi. So, we would definitely expect an improvement.
David Bernstein: And we could do that relatively quickly as well change your itineraries and over time.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then as I look to the rest of the world, this is the first year in a while that established markets are getting all of the capacity. Is there anything that youre seeing that suggested any of these established markets are choking on the capacity that the guide looks pretty encouraging, but obviously that capacity doesnt, doesnt all come on at the same time. So as you look to maybe portions of the year, where new ships are coming online in the Caribbean or in Europe are we seeing any weakness in pricing trends as that happened?
Arnold Donald: We control our capacity increases as we mentioned weve got 1.9% in 2018 and we, as you know, booked well out and well ahead. So, the quick answer to your question is no, we dont see any weakness or anything, but of course, we monitor very closely thats our mobile and we will do what we need to do, but at this point in time, absolutely, things are as we have indicated.
James Hardiman: Got it. Thanks guys and happy holidays.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Happy holidays. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please proceed.
Greg Badishkanian: Great. Thanks. When you reported third quarter results back in September you noted that cumulative bookings were well ahead year-over-year on price and occupancy for the first half of 2018. So, in this quarter, you mentioned that the full year 2018 was ahead of prior year at higher prices. So I am just wondering the different phrasing, is that just because of the different time periods that you are comparing or just not comparable? And also just how do you feel now about 2018 versus back in September, I am much more confident are you achieving or beating that 2.5 net yield?
David Bernstein: Yes. Keep in mind, we use additives to try to just give a relative sense of the things, but we have to have a point in which we cut the additive lost. So you can, youre talking about very small nuances and small changes from one period to the other. The difference being in September, I quoted the first half of the year this year I quoted the full year, but were really dealing with very small changes in terms of our confidence in 2018 we were confident in 2018 back in September, were even more confident now its a quarter later, weve got a lot more bookings on the books for 2018, prices are higher the booking momentum particularly in the Caribbean has normalized itself. So we feel very good about 2018. The only big difference between September and today was the  but I talked about fueling currency, there was a big swing in my comments, I indicated that between fueling currency from 3 months ago to today.
Greg Badishkanian: Okay.
Arnold Donald: Just follow-on a little bit we are in a better book position year-over-year and feel really good about that. When you have the additives and stuff relative rates of growth and all that come into play, but overall we are in a better book position, we definitely as David said, feel even better about the guidance now then we would have a quarter ago and looking forward to a great 2018.
Greg Badishkanian: Alright. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Congrats on the year and Merry Christmas, happy holidays. A couple more and I think looking more to 19 because obviously lot of the itineraries are set for 18 barring any emergency need of change, but looking to 19 you started to rollout a few of these. What are your thoughts? We are seeing a little bit of hints, but what are your thoughts on returning portions to the Eastern med, which historically in the Eastern med has provided higher yield than the Western med? And then I guess just in general also what you are seeing for 18 on Southern European sourcing, how has that trended over the last year, because that had been one of the weakest areas from a source market perspective for the industry over the last couple of years?
Arnold Donald: Yes. Concerning the 2019 and returning to the Eastern med, you are right, I mean those are some of the higher yielding itineraries. We would love to have them back. At this point in time, we just have to monitor and see what happens the world is volatile and ever-changing place and in the end we take yes, where they are willing to go and they want to go and so we are cautiously optimistic, but dont feel comfortable predicting at this point.
David Bernstein: And as far as your second question is concerned in Southern Europe, remember that our Costa brand, their focus is on Southern Europe, Italy, France and Spain. We have talked about  we dont go into details by brands, but a number of times we have talked about seeing an improving economy in the southern part of Europe for a long time, we had talked about it bouncing along the bottom, but we have started to seeing some improvement and we have seen confidence Costa has done very well in 2017 and we expect it to do well in 2018 in addition. So, we are comfortable and very confident and happy to see the improvement in that part of the world.
Tim Conder: Okay. And along that line, David or Arnold whoever wants to take this, the booking curve, how was the booking curve on a year-over-year basis it sounds like given you booked at higher levels of occupancy globally. It sounds like its still stretching out, but just any color as to where that is? And then on fuel, it looks like your fuel collars that you have had in place for a few years or finding it to roll-off post 18 any update of internal thoughts as it relates to hedging, collaring, anything going forward with fuel that you can share?
Arnold Donald: Okay, thank you. Yes, concerning hedge and a collar, we have never hedged. We have done the collars, where as you point out we have through 2018. We will monitor it closely. We do it to protect against spikes and rises in fuel costs primarily from a cash management standpoint and what have you. So, we will look at our overall situation and make a determination about beyond 2018 and we look at it constantly. So, we will stay on that, but right now, we are covered through 2018 as you pointed out, but we have never hedged and at this point in time we have no intention to.
David Bernstein: So  and as far as the booking curve is concerned, I mean, we did say we were further ahead than last year, but again we keep on evaluating our book position. We are always looking for the optimal point in the booking curve and changes over time and so we will continue to push out the booking curve as long as it makes economic sense and we will continue to look at how to maximize revenue by balancing price versus occupancy at all points in the booking curve.
Tim Conder: Would you say its optimized at this point, does it makes sense to push it out further?
Arnold Donald: I will take that one. Its never optimized. We are always trying to get through that. Hopefully asymptotically, we are approaching optimization, but we are not ahead yet, so we are not chasing it.
David Bernstein: We are in complete agreement on that. We will never get to an optimal point.
Tim Conder: I am glad I took an advanced math in school. Thank you, gentlemen.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Jared Shojaian: Hi, good morning everyone. Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you. So, what EPS level do you need for double-digit ROIC is it the midpoint of your guidance, because I am kind of struggling to get there if the invested capital denominator is going up, which I would think it would be with over $4 billion in CapEx next year. So, can you help me think about that a little bit?
Arnold Donald: Yes. You are right the midpoint of the guidance will have a double-digit yield, the high end of the range was comfortably above and the low end of the range would cause us to scramble to get to the actual goal of double-digits.
David Bernstein: Given the $34 billion, $35 billion investment base we have, it takes about $350 million to add a point of ROIC or a 10th of the point is $35 million which is roughly $0.05 give or take so thats just some rules of thumb that you can go by, but I will caution you because our balance sheet does move with currency so all adjust as our P&L does. So, all of these numbers move over time and these calculations we made or the currency levels that we have included in our guidance in the press release.
Jared Shojaian: Okay, thank you. And can you  can you just confirm are you ahead on rate and occupancy for each quarter of 2018 and then can you just help us think about the yield cadence by quarter for next year?
David Bernstein: Yes, we are ahead for each quarter but at this point it is a little early to give guidance for each of the quarters, the guidance for the first quarter  the midpoint was 2% in comparison to the 2.5% for the full year. So, we are looking to do  our guidance includes better yields in the first quarter in the second, third and fourth, but its a little early for us to try to break that down by quarter. Wave season hasnt even started yet and there is a lot left to go. So I am hesitant to give that kind of detailed guidance.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. And if I could just sneak one quick one in here, your 2018 guidance, the gap between the as reported and the constant cruise cost is larger than the gap between as reported in constant yield thats normally very unusual. So, can you just explain whats going on there?
David Bernstein: The one thing you will see differences there over time and a lot of it has to do with how much is on the books and what currency, because when we get the payments, the currency gets locked in. So, there are some differences there that can be reflected over time.
Jared Shojaian: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Patrick Scholes: Hi, good morning. I am wondering if you can provide a little bit more on the recent trends in booking and pricing for China. I am wondering how that has  what the trajectory has been how that has been for you over the last 3 months as it relates to cruises in 2018? Thank you.
David Bernstein: So, we have been making lots of changes in China as Arnold discussed, were talking about increasing the number of distributors. Weve moved away from charters and more towards group business. And so overall as Arnold had indicated with the lower capacity next year, we were looking to see improvements in China, were seeing them in booking patterns and we expect to see hopefully that in the actual results as the year progresses.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Second question here you talked on the prepared remarks about strength in onboard spending over the past quarter. Were there any particular promotions or programs that that drove it any new ones that we can see continuing over the next year?
David Bernstein: There were a variety of things in all areas, I mean beverage, casino shore excursions, I mean, lots of different things, retail shops where weve done throughout the year and the way were not stopping, I mean weve got a lot of efforts going on, I dont if you saw the recent press release and Carnival Cruise Lines all the different things theyre doing on the retail side. So our teams continue to focus on that and we believe there is a lot of opportunity in 2018 and beyond.
Arnold Donald: The 45 plus year history of the company, its only been one year, where onboard revenues didnt increased year-over-year and Id say weve number of initiatives on the way now should keep that trend going in the positive direction. Rate of increase has helped us that bounces around little bit, but will be growing onboard revenues.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Thank you for that. Thats all.
Arnold Donald: One more question please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research Company. Please proceed.
Vince Ciepiel: Hi, you mentioned a return to normal in terms of booking demand. Can you help us better understand what the trajectory of that has been? Was it a bounce back in October or has it been a more linear build each month?
David Bernstein: Yes, it was  the hurricanes hit in early to mid September and we saw the disruptions and so basically the disruptions occurred in late September and October and it bounced back and by the time what we were indicating is by the time we got that to early November, we had seen a return to a normalized pattern.
Arnold Donald: I think the critical thing was being patient, obviously, with the hurricanes there was a disruption. We lost several weeks of what would have otherwise have been bookings and the trick was to stay patient and not overreact to it. And our teams did that and we are seeing the benefit of that now. So, I really appreciate any follow-up question on that. are you okay?
Vince Ciepiel: Yes, I do have. Just thinking longer term into 19 and 20 when capacity becomes a larger portion of the mix, can you remind us how to think about any potential yield benefit from new premium yielding hardware?
Arnold Donald: Yes, well, there is a lift for sure with because of the economies of scale and cabin mix and so on and so forth especially as we also retire out some of the less efficient vessels. So, there is absolutely a contribution to yield that, but obviously the bigger contribution is going to be creating the demand in excess to the supply and clearly you can hear from the comments in the call earlier we are very much focused on that and you can see it out in the marketplace everywhere. So, our goal is to keep cruise out in a positive way, touch people multiple times, multiple ways at least a week hopefully a day so that when it comes time for them to think about a holiday or a vacation that they consider cruise. We know we are helping the industry overall to do that, but because of opposition in the industry, we know we benefit disproportionately when we do that. And so that is focused along with cost containment and a smart capital management.
Arnold Donald: Okay. I want to thank you all for being with us. Sincere happy holidays to everyone. Thank you for your interest in the Carnival Corporation. We are focused on delivering double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 achieving or beating the guidance and we look forward to talking to you guys in between in the next quarter earning call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-09-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - President and Chief Executive Officer David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer Micky Arison - Chairman
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Jamie Katz - Morningstar David Beckel - Bernstein Harry Curtis - Nomura  Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison via phone from New York; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. As you know, the well-being of the Caribbean region, as well as Mexico and the southern United States, including Florida and Texas, are all very important to the cruise industry, especially for us.  On behalf of Carnival Corporation, I would like to extend our deepest concern for those affected by the earthquake in Mexico, as well as Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, some of whom are our own employees, our business partners, and of course our loyal guests. Being the native of New Orleans, where I lived through a number of hurricanes with my family, I can relate to the hardships that remain after the storm passes. We have been and continue to be active in providing relief for those who have been impacted. We have already made meaningful contributions for the rebuilding efforts in Texas, in Florida, and in the Caribbean, which were matched by the generosity of Micky and Madeleine through the Arison Family Foundation, and our ship immediately provided critically important supplies to several Caribbean destinations quickly after the hurricanes. Be assured, we will continue to bring many resources to bear for those and impacted by providing ongoing help and support in the coming months. Meanwhile, its important to note that the Caribbean is open for business and is going strong. I would also like to express my sincere appreciation for our team members, both shore-side and shipboard, who pulled together through these events to ensure uninterrupted operations. Especially those employees who volunteer to man our headquarters here in Miami, and those who volunteer to relocate around the country ensuring our business continuity, and of course our crew members. Our crew members who ensured a phenomenal guest experience in the face of the unavoidable voyage disruptions. Now, turning to our financial results, we achieved another record third-quarter adjusted earnings of $2.29 per share. Thats nearly 20% higher than last year's third quarter, which was, itself, record-setting and we exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $0.11. Year-over-year for the third quarter, strong operational improvement contributed $0.36 per share to the bottom line. That is $270 million more than the prior year, enabling us to also significantly exceed the high end of our June guidance range. Despite ongoing geopolitical challenges, despite itinerary restrictions preventing port calls to some of our most premium destinations like Turkey, despite challenges in China, including disruptions in Korea, despite Hurricane Harvey, despite Hurricane Irma, despite Hurricane Maria, and despite Typhoon Talim, despite all these challenges the strong demand created for our world-leading cruise brands again enables us to increase the midpoint of our previous full-year guidance and raise our full-year earnings expectations to a range between $3.64 and $3.70. That is well above the high-end of the guidance range we established last December. And despite fuel and currency both moving against this by $0.33 per share combined, and including the many unforeseen headwinds I just mentioned, that is $0.22 above last year's record full-year results. This performance is a strong testimony to the power of our world-leading cruise brands and affirms conviction in our company's inherent ability to deliver double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 and beyond in a sustained fashion in a broad range of operating environments. Look, our consistently strong financial performance is through the achievements of our more than 120,000 employees around the world who deliver exceptional guest experiences day-in and day-out, even when faced with daunting challenges like the recent weather disruptions, but of course still it would not be possible without the strong support of our valued travel agent partners. And concerning our travel agent partners, just last month we were honored to be recognized by the American Society of travel agents with the 2017 supplier partner of the year award ranking us number one, making us the topic across all categories of travel as chosen by the travel professionals themselves. I could not be more proud of the collective efforts of our 120,000 team members. We also achieved another accomplishment that position us further along the path to sustain double-digit return on invested capital, beginning with welcoming the luxurious Sheng Shi Gong Zhu Hao Majestic Princess, the first international cruise ship tailor made for China. She embarked on her maiden season sailing from Shanghai with NBA all-star Yao Ming and his wife, Ye Li, both born in Shanghai and both former players on China's national basketball teams, serving as mainly ambassadors during an inaugural ceremony widely covered throughout China. Majestic Princess has been very well received by our guest and distribution partners alike for its unique features tailored for China, including the largest shopping space of any cruise ship showcasing nearly 1100 square meters of luxury boutiques. Other exciting features that include a dining experience designed by Michelin Star chef, Richard Chen; an interactive family enrichment program, China Camp Discovery; very popular karaoke rooms; and a large mahjong and gaming area. Occupancy levels have been very high as are our guest satisfaction scores. We remain on track with our strategically enhancement program as we continue to deliver more efficient vessels, while replacing less efficient ones over time. As demonstrated by our April sale of Pacific Pearl, as well as our recently announced sale of Costa neoClassica, expected to leave the fleet next April, and our P&O Adonia, expected to leave the fleet next March. We remain on pace with our historical average of removing one to two ships per year. For that end, we have taken a write-off on assets currently deployed in Australia, which are less efficient with the intention of replacing those assets with more efficient vessels over time. Additionally in Australia, we are taking a write-down on goodwill and trademark for the P&O Australia brand. P&O Australia generates revenue yields, both ticket and onboard, in line with our other brands in Australia. However, they have a higher operating cost in Australia and a disproportionate number of less efficient assets. Of course, the write-down is a non-cash event and in fact we continue to project record cash flow this year of roughly $5 billion. Also during the quarter, we further progressed on our ongoing efforts to stimulate demand to cruise globally, and well in excess of our measured capacity growth. As highly anticipated, Carnival Cruise Line began calling in Havana. Departing from Tampa, Carnival Paradise is the largest ship sailing from the U.S. to Havana today and is capturing attractive ticket price premium. Holland America created huge awareness and consideration launching a series of featured cruises and partnership with O Magazine, beginning with Oprah herself sailing on board Eurodam in Alaska over the summer. Our award-winning travel experience TV shows recently garnered 10 Telly Awards in our first year of production. This original programming continues to expand on our strategy to increase awareness and demand for cruise vacations with the broadcast of more than 150 30-minute shows with viewership reaching an audience of up over 190 million to date. Building on the strong ratings from the inaugural year, these three positive theories have been extended for a second season on ABC and NBC. Season two of The Voyager with Josh Garcia premieres on NBC beginning Saturday, September 30. Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin and Vacation Creation with Tommy Davidson and Andrea Feczko make their new season debuts on ABC the following week. We have many more efforts in the pipeline to increase considerations for cruise globally, beginning with the launch of our own digital streaming channel, OceanView. OceanView is powered by our proprietary ocean experience platform announced at the Consumer Electronics show in January. Our latest innovation, leveraging our industry-leading scale, promises to accelerate and expand engagement with compelling experiential content streaming 24/7 for free on land and at sea. The OceanView channel will go live this Thursday on major digital platforms, including Apple TV, Amazon Fire and Roku, as well as shipboard on our corporations portfolio cruise brand. Ultimately, OceanView will extend our engagement with our established base of 12 million guests annually as it expands across our fleet. Further, OceanView will launch with two new and inclusive ocean original series, GO and Local Eyes. On Thursday, we will celebrate our new proprietary digital network with a public relations event in New York City. So please come join us in Times Square as we take command of most of the digital screens there. Come check it out in person. At the event, we will also showcase our new mobile gaming platform PlayOcean, featuring a portfolio of original mobile games and interactive experiences available on land and available at sea. This new gaining platform expands gaming beyond the casino and to new categories by giving everyone, including cruise fans, gamers, and players the opportunity to engage with our brand through play anytime, anywhere. PlayOcean taps into the growing interest in mobile gaming by offering a selection of original games that can be played at home and on-board select ships. Like OceanView, PlayOcean is also powered by innovative ocean experience platforms announced at the Consumer Electronics Show. Of course, another important way we're leveraging our scale is through the upcoming launch of our Medallion-class experience, featuring Ocean Medallion, which is also powered by innovative ocean experience platforms. Even before implementation, Ocean has created phenomenal awareness slots with over 16 billion media impressions to date. We are now just months away from the sailing of our first Medallion-class pilot ship featuring a transformational vacation experience. Later this year, the Ocean Medallion will debut on Regal Princess, followed by Royal Princess. Another fourth ship will become Ocean Medallion class next year following the planned multi-month refinement period, bringing the total to 6 ships by the end of 2018. The ocean platform will step up our already high guest experience delivery by offering highly personalized travel at scale. Last and certainly not least, our best-in-class revenue management's who is progressing very well. The development process has helped maximize the learning in terms of both pricing profit and strategy, and overall cross-brand collaboration. In 2018, six of our brands will benefit further from these tools. On the cost side, our efforts to leverage our industry leading scale are on track. While we made some one-time decisions this year to accelerate investment in a few areas, I have no doubt we continue to focus on managing cost and that will be reflected in future results. All of this positions as well getting us to 2018. At this point in time for the first half of 2018, we are already well ahead on both price and occupancy. We are truly excited about our strategy to create demand and is resonating with our guest, while providing even better guest experiences and the latest efforts to increase consideration for cruise globally. We have so many opportunities to continue the momentum in the 2018 and beyond, including innovations like our transformational ocean experience platform, featuring, again: Ocean Medallion, our new guest experience platform, PlayOcean, our new proprietary mobile gaming portfolio, OceanView our new proprietary digital streaming network. The second season for our three award-winning television shows, the launch of two more proprietary original content digital productions, and of course our new yield management system. All of these efforts are purposefully designed to increase awareness and demand for our portfolio of world-leading cruise brands, building further confidence in the continued past to sustainable double-digit return on invested capital. At the same time, we remain on track to achieve record cash flows this year, enabling accelerated returns to shareholders through opportunistic share buybacks of $370 million year-to-date, nearly $3 billion in total in the last two years, while distributing $1.2 billion in dividends annually and growing. With that, I would like to turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note, all of my references to revenue ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I will start today with a summary of our 2017 third quarter results. Then I will provide an update on our full-year 2017 guidance, and finish up with some insights on 2018 booking trends and a few other items to consider for 2018. Im pleased to say, our adjusted EPS for the third quarter was a record $2.29. As Arnold indicated, this was $0.11 above the midpoint of our June guidance. The improvement was primarily revenue driven, $0.06 favorable as the increased net ticket yields benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic, while on-board and other yields continue to benefit from a variety of ongoing initiatives. We also benefited by $0.02 from the net impact of fuel price and currency. Now lets turn to our third quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 3%. The North American brands were up over 2%, while the European, Australia, and Asian brands also known as our EAA brands were up 3.5%. Our total net revenue yields were up 5.1%. Now lets break apart the two components of net revenue yield.  Net ticket yields were up 5.6%. This increase was driven by our North American brands deployment in the Caribbean, Alaska, and Europe, as well as our EAA brands deployment in Europe. These increases were partially offset by decreases in our China deployment as previously indicated. Net on-board and other yields increased 3.2% with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. In summary, our record third quarter adjusted EPS was better than last year's previous record-setting third quarter with a strong operational improvement of $0.36 and a $0.04 accretive impact of the stock repurchase program both being partially offset by the net unfavorable impact of fuel prices and currency costing $0.03. Our third quarter results did include a non-cash charges of $392 million with goodwill, trademark and ship impairment driven by our decision to strategically realign our business in Australia. This charge represents less than 1% of our asset. The charge was included in our US GAAP results, but excluded from our adjusted results given the nature of the charge. Next, I want to provide you with an update on our full-year 2017 guidance. We are increasing our full-year earnings expectations resulting in an increase to the midpoint of our previous guidance range. For 2017, our full-year earnings expectation is now $3.64 to $3.70. The increased guidance is a reflection of the strength that we have seen in net revenue yield in the back half of the year, which was enough to offset both the $0.10 to $0.12 earnings impact of voyage disruptions, and other expenses from the recent Hurricane Harvey, Irma, and Maria along with Typhoon Talim in the South China Sea, as well is an increase in net cruise cost excluding fuel.  Our September guidance for net revenue yield is an increase of approximately 4%, compared to June guidance of approximately 3.5% or a half point increase, which includes the Hurricanes and Typhoon impact. Excluding the impact of the recent Hurricanes and Typhoons we believe our yield increase would have been almost 4.5% or nearly 0.5 higher than our June guidance, which is a reflection of the strength in our business. Our September guidance for net cruise cost excluding fuel per ALBD is an increase of approximately 2.5%, compared to June guidance of approximately 1.5%. 0.3 to the results from a decrease in ALBDs and additional expenses driven by cancelled voyages due to the Hurricanes and the Typhoon. The remaining increase is driven by certain pension plan expenses, litigation costs, and investments in environmental and other areas. Now lets turn to 2018 booking trend. Since June, booking volumes for the first half of 2018 have been running ahead of last year at basically higher prices. At this point-in-time, including the last few weeks of bookings that were impacted by the news flow from the hurricane, cumulative bookings for the first half of 2018 is still well ahead of the prior year at nicely higher prices. However, it is early and the circumstances are still fluid. Now lets drill down into the cumulative book position. First, for our North American brand. The Caribbean program is ahead of the prior year on occupancy at nicely higher prices, but of all other deployments occupancy is well ahead of the prior year at slightly higher prices. Second, for our EAA brand. For European deployments and seasonal Caribbean program, occupancy is slightly ahead at nicely higher prices. For all other deployments, occupancy and price are well ahead. And just a few other items to consider for 2018. We are forecasting a capacity increase of 2.2%. Given the amounts of capital we invested in our existing vessel and other areas of our business to drive yield improvement, we do anticipate that depreciation expense will increase percentage-wise more than capacity as it has in the past few years. We currently expect depreciation expense to be around $2.03 billion for 2018 versus $1.86 billion for 2017. Although it is early, we believe that we are well positioned for continued earnings growth and achieving our double-digit return on invested capital goal in 2018. And now I will turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Robin Farley: Great. There are a lot of topics that I would like to ask about, but I will just maybe stick to this one first, which is your guidance was I think remarkable given all the concern about disruption and the uncertainty, your booked position. I wonder if you can talk a little bit about maybe more recent booking trends just given that maybe its not clear when some of the Eastern Arabian itineraries would go back to normal, how is that impacting new bookings for the Caribbean in the last kind of two or three weeks?
Arnold Donald: Good morning, Robin. Thank you for your question. First of all, I think it is just important to point out that there are so many ports in what we call the Caribbean, but overall in the region, and so many of those ports, the vast majority of them are fully operational, there is beautiful sunshine in beaches, and excursions and whatnot. So theres lots of alternative itinerary planning we can do. There is about five frequently - heavily frequented ports that have been substantially impacted. Okay. And those five ports, I was in St. Maarten's myself a few days after the hurricane hit, and St Maartens and the other ports as well, you know the people there are very resilient. They are focused on getting things up and running fast. The things are better to date than they were when those places where hit with severe storms in the past. For example on St. Maartens, they told me back when Louis hit, it took them three months to get power back on the island. They had power in a bunch of the districts just a few days after the storm hit this time. And so those places, cautiously optimistic, they will all be up and running or most of them will before the end of the year, which places them well for the peak season. But even without those ports, there are many places we can go, and our own destinations are in great shape. And so we have not seen a lot of cancellations. I'm going to get to your question about the last three or four weeks and the second, I have David make a comment, but frankly we have not experienced lots of cancellations, cancellations are running like 1% right now and so things are positive. So, I will have David comment about the last 3, 4 weeks.
David Bernstein : It is clearly, Robin the last few weeks of bookings have been impacted, you know as I said in my notes, theres been a lot of news flow on the Hurricanes, and any time you have got that news flow its going to impact the level of bookings, and there have been some quiet days, but we are very well booked for the fourth quarter, hopefully in the coming days the news flow will reduce, and bookings will start picking up again. But we are well booked and we try to include in our fourth quarter guidance what we expect to be the impact of these booking trends for our fourth quarter.
Arnold Donald : I would just tell on the comment again - on concerning the recent - obviously, during the middle of a storm, the storms - people weren't booking, people were distracted with other things and thats obviously impacted the bookings for that period of time, but things are returning and they are looking positive as early. We have to see if it stays in the media Robin in a negative way, obviously that will be a downer, but we think that there is no reason for that and its part of our job to make certain people know that there is plenty of great places to go in the Caribbean and even those places impacted are coming back. There is already ships going back to the keys and so things are riding pretty quickly.
Robin Farley: Thats great. And maybe just one other question on an unrelated topic, just the write-down in Australia, and just to understand because I think about some of the ships you have in China seasonally changing to Australia part of the year, does the write-down or the impairment charge change like anything with your itineraries or your supply there are like literally nothing changes in your operations?
Arnold Donald: The reason for the write-down was clearly around less efficient vessels that were in Australia, thats the bulk of it, and then some goodwill and trademark related to the P&O Australia brand per se, which had a disproportionate number of those less efficient vessels and also had higher costs given the itineraries that they run with those less efficient ships and the lack of scale.  So that was related to that, but in terms of China of course Australia is an opposite kind of summer season for China, so ourselves and others will move ships back and forth between the two high seasons in those two locations, but the write-down has nothing to do with that.  The write-down was strictly related to less efficient vessels in the plan to put more efficient vessels there over time. Australia is a strong market, has been for us and will continue to be, and we are looking forward over time, you know the ships will come out over time and we will replace them over time with more efficient capacity.
Robin Farley: Great and very helpful. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Wieczynski: Hi good morning guys, good morning Arnold. So, I guess you guys have done a really good job over the last couple of years of extending wave season, you know more into the fall as you essentially incentivized, you know your customers to book out earlier. So I guess the question is, do you guys think this year's wave season could be delayed a bit and go back to a more kind of normal wave season given consumers possible hesitation around booking a Caribbean cruise right now?
Arnold Donald: Well I thank again. We are right in the middle of it and so it is hard to say what is ultimately going to happen, but it is our job to make sure people know there is no reason to wait that the Caribbean is a wonderful place to go, many places to go there. We have 40 plus ports that were unaffected, plus our own destination, plus all the ports in Mexico were unaffected. So there is plenty of places to go. So, we will see, we did have a little disruption for the few weeks here.  We are still in Hurricane season, so we have to be fluid and pay attention to this and we are still in media season. So hopefully the media will begin to show the fast recovery and all the wonderful places they are to go. I mentioned I was in St. Maartens, I was in Nassau. The Bahamas of course are wide-open right now. I was in Nassau just last Friday and things looked good there. Plus going into next year we already have, we were ahead and so we have less inventory to sell now in 2018 then weve had in previous years.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks for the color and then second question, I guess moving over to China right now, you know there is a lot of news out there and in the marketplace right now, obviously you still decree and travel ban that youre trying to work through, but there is rumors now that potentially there could be travel bans around coming to Japan and I know there is capacity next year for 2018 is going to be down, but can you just maybe fill us in kind of how you're thinking about that market right now as we kind of move into next year around the travel bans?
Arnold Donald: Sure. Right now obviously were planning to grow as normal, but should - technically there are no bans of course as you know, but the Chinese are not going to Korea right now. And it turns out there for some reason they are not going to Japan. Then what we will have to do, what we do in other places in the world, which is change itineraries and figure out maybe we will do, see if we can get approval for some just domestic sailings in China maybe some extended sailings down the Southeast Asia to Thailand, Vietnam, other places, but we will reconfigure do we need to do the good news and that is, is less than 5% of our capacity in China. It is only a few ships and again as, if that were to occur, it will be one of those deviations like all the stuff I rattled off in opening here that we just had to manage through and every year we don't plan for specific occurrences, but we know there are going to be challenges. Every year there is geopolitical issues, every year there is disease scares. Every year, there's typhoons, cyclones, hurricanes. Every year, there is overcapacity in some market. All that stuff happens year-in and year-out and we just have to consider that as normal state of business and be prepared to manage it and you can see so far we have been able to do that.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay great. Thanks for the color. Appreciate it.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning and just wanted to thank you for how full this release has been in the prepared comments because obviously there has been a lot of uncertainty heading into your earnings. So we have talked a lot so far about this booking law thats come, you know you have had your two major markets Texas, Florida distracted, there is a misperception about the Caribbean and whats available and whats not, and you talked a bit about, you know maybe the media picking up, but I'm sure you Carnival, aren't just also going to sit on your hands waiting for the phones to ring again, so just wondering if you could kind of touch on how Carnival is going to - is planning to stimulate demand and Im wondering, there probably is some kind of booking hole a bit due to the lower call volume, should we expect to see some discounting or will the demand be stimulated more through strategic promotional activity?
Arnold Donald: Well at this point in time we are well ahead on bookings and well ahead on pricing. Fourth quarter were largely booked already, and so at this point, were not looking to stimulate with pricing thats a fluid situation that if they call for that at some point, obviously we will make an economic decision, but at this point that has not been the case. Our plan is to stimulate our first to get the good news out via the media. They continue to deliver on the ships, obviously we do a lot in social media, we have lots of people sailing right now in our ships in the Canadian, and we are doing lots of social media with folks on the ship and as well as social media outside of the people on the ships to make certain yield people are aware. You mentioned, Florida and Texas of course, the media impact there in many cases because the travel agents themselves, their offices were closed, right, I mean they shutdown for the storms or whatever, but even in the Midwest of course where there might be less geographic sensitivity and they head as a storm, and so we are in a Caribbean, it takes the whole Caribbean is gone or whatever or they see something on CNN that is highlighted one part of one island and they think every island in Caribbean looks that way. And so thats something that we have to purposefully combat and offer people just the true picture and that is our job. Thats what we have to do and so far we are doing that and we will have to see it is fluid. We will have to see how it goes, but at this point in time, what I can tell you is, what it is, we are ahead on bookings and price we have less inventory to sell next year, and at this point we havent engaged in any big discount.
David Bernstein: And we have been working with our travel partners to make sure everybody is fully aware that the Caribbean is open as Arnold talked about before and more than 40 ports where we can take our guest. There are only a several that are closed. So, we are very encouraged and it is a fluid situation and we will monitor it as Arnold indicated. We will make decisions as we go along and do what is necessary.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you for that and then just, lot of people have been, as we've all been trying to analyze the impact of these two major storms, and a lot of people have been using Katrina as a proxy and aftermath, right. And so directly after Katrina at the time Carnival took a bunch of charges, but there was a $0.03 hit directly from the Katrina for the fourth quarter, but then there was this unanticipated about a year and a half of residual negative impact to the industry and its a Carnival following Katrina. So, can you just help us and the investors understand why this may be different this time and why you think that cruise performance in 2018 should not be similar to that of 2006, is it solely because of how strong the booking curve is or maybe you could just kind of differentiate the two situations for us?
Arnold Donald: Well I will give some comments and then I will ask Micky to give some comments, too, since obviously, he lived that first hand. But for us first of all, one thing that is different is we have much more momentum, we are working much harder to create demand. So there is a lot more going on from a demand creation picture to date that existed back then, and thats a huge difference. We are also going in with lots of momentum for the year, which wasn't necessarily the case back then. The embarkation destinations and stuff were impacted disproportionately in 2006 versus this time around and so embarkation versus transit is a much bigger difference, you have to get the air lift back in as a whole bunch of dynamics is going on there. And so in some regard, so far there is still a fluid situation still a hurricane season, but so far that is a huge, another big difference, but having said all that I think the biggest difference is where we are positioned today. The fact that we are proactively trading demand. The fact that we are working with media today so they kind of present a fair picture and then help informing people what the real situation is. And then we have a much larger base now of previous cruise-goers who understand and know, and that also allows us to continue to perform. But Micky, you might want to share at this point any comments you have about the historical perspective.
Micky Arison : Well the huge difference so far is that with Katrina we lost a key home port and losing a home port is totally different than what we have experienced to date, obviously there is still a question about San Juan as a home port, but we only operate one China Sea [ph] class ship out of over 100 ships in San Juan and hopefully that will be open again in a few weeks. You have to remember New Orleans was basically closed for a couple of years and we had chartered ships that the government did try to make up for it. Houston as an example, you would say, well isn't Houston similar. Houston we operated the very next weekend with three ships that sailed absolutely full with a bit of a handful of cancellations to mention. So, it is a totally different situation, but as Arnold said, though the hurricane season isnt over, so we have to be a little bit cautious about what happens for the rest of the season. I would like to add that unlike those six where we were alone chartering to the government and helping out New Orleans, I have to say I am extremely proud of the way the industry reacted to these hurricanes. And I don't, I clearly am not talking just about Carnival, I am talking about Royal Caribbean, NCL. Everybody was falling over themselves trying to find out how they can help, what ships they can send, what people they can evacuate, what supplies they can send, and that was the entire industry and I have to say I am really proud of the way everybody responded.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, Micky.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you. And is there any chance you guys will tell us how booked you are for 2018?
David Bernstein: You can always use the historical averages that we give you by quarter and just, you know we are close to the high-end of those historical averages, which kind of give you a good feel for where we are.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Thank you so much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, Felicia.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Badishkanian: Great, thank you. So two questions. First, just as a follow-up, you know obviously you are well booked for next year, well ahead on pricing and occupancy, is there a point where you would start to get nervous where the booking pattern didnt recover that 2018 wont turn out to be like another strong year, is there a Thanksgiving or is there some date where you wanted to return to normal?
Arnold Donald: Hi Greg, good morning. Thank you for your question. It is true that we have a bunch of different brands and they all have their own optimized booking curves to maximize yield and returns. And so they are all monitoring daily and constantly. There's not like one date that's a drop-dead date. It's more where you're on the booking curve along the way and obviously when you have a little bit of patience for the obvious disruption when the hurricanes where happening and stuff, so. But beyond that we are watching how quickly things are returning and we will make the necessary adjustments. We have reflected all of that in our guidance. For the quarter and concerning for 2018, it was early and all we can tell you is what we have told you.
Greg Badishkanian: Okay. Just a follow-up on Europe, so North American passengers going to Europe, has this had, if you just see the last week or two, has the weather had an impact on booking trends going to that market since it wasn't impacted by the hurricanes?
David Bernstein: There is not a lot left in the European season, the seasonal European season for the North American brands in terms of less to sell because we are well booked, and the season really just goes through the end of October. So, we haven't noticed anything significantly different, but remember its just a small amount of a sales that you would have expected in early September for those voyages.
Greg Badishkanian: What about booking out for 2018 European sailings by North American? Is that 
David Bernstein: Nothing significant. We haven't noticed anything other than bookings in the Caribbean.
Greg Badishkanian: Good. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
James Hardiman: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my call and thanks for all the really helpful color to try to tease out the various factors here. There is a couple stats that you guys referenced, I was hoping to get just sort of little bit more color on the 40 port stats that are opened in the Caribbean, whats the denominator on that, how many total ports are there? And Arnold you talk about five impacted ports heavily trafficked by cruises. I think you mentioned St. Maarten was one, San Juan, what would the other three be?
David Bernstein: Okay, so the other ports we have got Grand Turk, which is our own 
Arnold Donald: No the high - the top ones are St. Maarten's, St Thomas, San Juan, Dominicana, Tortola. Not so much for the North America brands, but some of the European brands are pretty active and Tortola and Dominicana. And they wouldn't be sailing there right now anyway, they would be coming up later in the year. We will see how those, but there are alternative force that they can go to. Did I answer that part of your question, you wanted a little bit of the denominator. I think this is the time where people go really go, we can ballpark it, I would say in total may be 7% to 9% of the ports and we would call broadly the Caribbean, Southern Caribbean, Western Caribbean, Eastern Caribbean. Would have then severely impacted to the point where they were shut down for some period of time. So something like that, okay. But the vast majority of ports are open and again there is options and alternatives and plenty of fun places for people to go and do things and enjoy the great vacation experience and great location value that cruising is.
James Hardiman: Very helpful. And then the $0.10 to $0.12 I guess two questions on that, was there any 3Q impact, obviously Harvey was the very end of August. So, I guess A, was there any 3Q impact and as we think about the $0.10 to $0.12 in the fourth quarter can you just help us visualize the various buckets of what that represents, Im assuming the majority of that is cruises that were extended, but no revenues associated, but Im guessing there were some cruises that never parted, Im guessing there were some credits that you were giving passengers, I don't know if the aid that you provided or contributed to the number as well, can you just give us some color on how to think about that $0.10 to $0.12?
David Bernstein: Sure. Well first of all in the third quarter there was a little bit less than $0.01 impact, negative impact as a result of Hurricane Harvey but it was tiny. The $0.10 to $0.12 was in total for the year, including that impact. Nine of the $0.10 to $0.12 were cancelled voyages, expenses we incurred, some lower occupancy on the voyages that took place immediately after Irma, and the other $0.01 to $0.03 is the estimated booking impact for the fourth quarter.
James Hardiman: Perfect. And then I guess just vary lastly here, I think we generally know that wave season is our extra busy time for bookings, how big is the month of September typically and then assuming that Florida and Texas are the markets that have been most impacted in terms of bookings, any idea how significant those markets are in terms of booking actual cruises?
Arnold Donald: Overall, this is a low booking period normally, anyway seasonally. Its just a time of the year, it is a low booking period. So that, in a way its helpful. In terms of the specifics, David.
David Bernstein: Yes, I mean, if you come down to Florida at the moment and you look around, other than some piles of trees and things on the front of everybodys lawn that needs to be picked up, South Florida and most of Florida is back in business. There were some areas that were more heavily hit. So there are expectations, yes there are a few people who were impacted and those who are directly impacted, particularly in Florida or small numbers, but the rest are back in business and life is continuing and so were very positive about the future.
Arnold Donald: And similarly on Texas, we don't see any extraordinary slowdown or negative impact at this point.
James Hardiman: Extremely helpful. Thanks guys.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Katz: Thanks. Good morning. So I am curious about the components of yield growth and it looks like this is the second quarter where you guys have pulled together ticket price growth that has been faster than on-board growth at least on an as reported basis, and so Im wondering anecdotally if you have seen less incentives are required to motivate consumers to get on the ships and whether or not thats disproportionately benefited any of the brands over other brands?
Arnold Donald: Well I would say that the greatest incentive for people to get on our ships is the reality that is a great vacation experience and is already a great value. So, we haven't done extreme discounting or anything like that to fill the ships in quite some time. We do offer no incentives and packaging of some on-board activity options and that sort of thing; and along the booking curve there are combination of things that are offered at different stages across the various brands, but if I understood your question, we have really haven't seen a need to drive all kinds of special deals. Basically, we are creating demand. The brands are very certainly doing that on their own brand and visual brand promotions and I take it with ease. We talked about OceanView and PlayOcean and all that today that has global footprint. We did not talk about the shows, we talked about the shows in the US base for you guys, but frankly we have shows in the UK, we have shows in Italy. So we do global demand creation and I think thats frankly been the biggest driver that combined with the execution on the ships, which exceeds guest expectations and word of mouth remains our most powerful marketing tool.
Jamie Katz: Okay. And then for first half results looking as strong as they do at this point given the uncertainty in the North American market may be with weather related headlines, are there any European countries that have been performing noticeably better this year relative to past years that are worth calling out?
Arnold Donald: I would just say in general overall our European brands have enjoyed a strong year as is evidenced by what we shared with you guys. And so overall it has been really great. If you want to single out countries I think practically speaking, you would have to single out Germany as doing even better than the others only because with the capacity increases in Germany and the number of people cruising that the penetrations down in that market and number of people cruising is starting to outpace any other country in Europe, although the Brits would like to give that a run for the money. And so, I would say Germany continues to be particularly strong, but overall were doing well in Europe.
Jamie Katz: Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
David Beckel: Hi, thanks a lot for the question. My question, my first question is about to drive cruise market for the Carnival brand specifically, I was wondering can you give us any color on what percentage of occupancy, typically comes from drive-cruise and maybe specifically Florida as a percentage of your overall Carnival brand occupancy? And given the widespread, I guess I will use the word destruction, but it sounds like things in South Florida are okay. The rest of the state did suffer quite a bit of damage, is that something that maybe concerns you looking out into the early and mid part of next year?
Arnold Donald: Well as I said ships are starting to go back to the keys already that was the place that suffered the most severe direct impact I guess. The Western Florida coast, Naples, Tampa, et cetera, again as sort of what David said, primarily is cleanup, a lot of trees and stuff down, but power is back on, you know people in offices and things, their life is going back to normal, its from a ships and port standpoint we are able to go to the ports. We need to get into, and people are able to drive and get there. So at this stage there will be a overall comment. We don't give a lot of details by brand specifically, but I think overall we could give you some directional stuff about drive market and the number in Florida.
David Bernstein: I think we have said many times and I think it is 50% of America was within a six hour drive of a Carnival Home Port, so the drive up market is important to Carnival Cruise Lines and it is a big part of the business, and it is part of their success, but the driver market does expand outward, it is not just within an hour to drive of our home port, people are willing to drive the whole day.
Arnold Donald: And if you go to the ports whether it's Galveston, Mobile, New Orleans, Charleston, Beaumont; and of course all the ports here in Florida they are up and running and people can get to them.
David Beckel: Thats really helpful. I appreciate that. And a question about destinations you mentioned that some ports are more affected than others, but they will eventually get up and running, say by the end of the year, has there been situations in the past where port was up and running, but the destination itself was not desirable for one reason or another because the plan to and infrastructure wasnt quite built up to receive tourists?
Arnold Donald: That happened in New Orleans of course back when Katrina hit because it took out the whole city pretty much. So that was definitely the case in New Orleans. I would say, as I said, I was in St. Maartens and look we don't know yet, we have to see what happens, but what I can tell you is the resilience of the people, the focus they had, they were already cleaning up, power was back up in a number of various - number of people even in St. Maarten have been unaffected, their home was unaffected et cetera. But the board walked there had sand on it. There was a large ship that followed up into downtown. The Marine was ransacked with wind and what have you, but most of that stuff is cleaned up.  We have an excursion there that we own that we were going to open it, in fact the day I visited was the day we were going to open it and obviously we did with the hurricane, but our excursion, which has zip-lining and a number of other venture things there in St. Maarten. It is going to be up and running by December for sure. So that one, I know because we have control and we know exactly whats happening with it. I would suspect that some of the excursions, especially the ones beach type and water things would be operating even sooner than that. And so, again we have to see, I dont want to overpromise, if that doesn't happen there are many places to go in the Caribbean.  We have destinations Half Moon Cay, Princess Cay, our private islands. We have Mahogany Bay in Honduras. We have Cozumel, we have operations, we have a number of Grand Turk. We have a number of places that we own ourselves that we can take guests and have highest rated guest satisfaction scores of any destinations. And there are many places in the Caribbean that are open for business, you know and all over the Bahamas and Southern Caribbean is completely open et cetera.
David Beckel: Great. Thank you so much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good morning everyone. I think most is answered, good morning. I had sort of a dark question, but it is really one that is important because your point of embarkation in Florida, I think that its generally there was a sigh of relief when the Eastern side of Florida was, didn't get the brunt of the storm, what kind of infrastructure - can you discuss the infrastructure resilience and in the Port of Miami should a Cat 4 or Cat 5 hurricane impact your points of embarkation in Eastern Florida?
Arnold Donald: I think unfortunately Cat 4, Cat 5 gives you an intensity of a storm, but it doesn't really tell you that the damage and risk because there are so many factors in a hurricane. For example, if you look at Turks and Caicos, they got directly hit with a Category 5. And for [indiscernible] the main city there is pretty much intact, okay. At the same time, some other places got hit when the storm was down to the Category 4 and they had much more severe damage. So it depends on so many things. Storm surge, it depends on height of buildings because the winds are higher, 10 meters up then they are lower, depends on how the structures are connected. So many different things, factor in. So for the Port of Miami is Miami.  So Miami is pretty much engineered in many cases to take hurricanes. And if you look around the world even in New Orleans for that matter you know the ports come up pretty quickly. The question is, what happens with the rest of the area, and access to ports, air lift to get in and so on and other services. I would say anything could happen. First of all, it is very difficult as you can look at over time for a storm to hit Miami directly, even this one. They tend to either hook or slice, just because of the nature of the weather and all that, but if they do hit, then I would say that Miami has prepared as any major metropolitan area to recover.
Harry Curtis: Thank you for that and then I just have a housekeeping question. If my math is right, David, is the implication on share repurchase that since the end of the third quarter you have bought just over $200 million of the stock back?
David Bernstein: Thats correct.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Very good. Thanks very much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder: Thank you. And again, thank you for all the explanations you have given on the call here. Maybe to drill a little bit in, I just ask the question one more angle on it here, have you seen the bookings and this pause that we have seen here for the Eastern Caribbean itineraries in particular the impact, and I guess clearly thats what you are watching here looking especially for the first half of 2018, and I will ask a similar question related to the China, given the ramp in North Korea rhetoric, have you seen any impact of bookings on pricing for Chinese consumers in the Asian market as a result of that over the last couple of months?
Arnold Donald: Yes, sure. Thanks for your question. I will take the China part. No, we haven't seen any big booking trends related directly to noise around North Korea tensions or anything like that in China. So that is a pretty straightforward one. So I haven't seen - we haven't seen anything.
David Bernstein: And on the Caribbean, so we obtained very close attention to all itineraries, but we have, as we have talked in our comments we have seen a slowdown in the Caribbean bookings in general because of the news flow and thats why what we are trying to do is make sure everybody completely understands that the Caribbean is open for business. They are going strong, there is many great ports to go to, and I wont take the time to reiterate everything that Arnold previously said, but it is important we work with our travel partners, get this news out to make sure everybody understands that it is a great opportunity to have to have great on-board ship experience and a great port experience in the Caribbean.
Arnold Donald: And people are sailing there right now. They are having a great time.
Tim Conder: Okay, okay. And gentlemen again thank you for that and one last question, any updated commentary related to China capacity for the industry in 2018? There is, I guess mixed reports, one of the industry publications are saying down 13%, just any color that you can give an update on the industry capacity there for 2018?
David Bernstein: Yes, for 2018 from what we have seen for the industry, the expectation is pretty flat.
Arnold Donald: Yes, I think more directly, but I have to tell you and I understand why you asked the question, but the reality is, China is still an embryonic market. It represents a very small percent of industry capacity, certainly a small percent of ours. It is still, it is going to be up and down because there is an embryonic market and it is a B2B market still, even though people, including ourselves are trying to expand distribution get to a more typical market type of dynamics from controlling pricing, when I say control, effecting pricing through a distribution channel as more direct and so on. All that underway, but we are really still tiny, relative to the overall outbound tourism based in China. We are still tiny relative to our overall capacity and the market is still evolving. Long-term it is going to be a huge market. But right now, everybody's gotten their number of ships, and there's only so many ships that could be there. So flat or down 13% to be honest with you, I dont even know if it makes much difference in China at this point.
Tim Conder: Okay great. Thank you again gentlemen. Appreciate the color.
David Bernstein: Operator, well we chose to let the call got over to answer as many questions as we can, well at this point we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And the final question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Jamie Rollo: Yes thanks, thanks for the [indiscernible] just two quick questions, the first
Arnold Donald: Hey Jamie, they always save the best for the last man, go ahead.
Jamie Rollo: No pressure than. On, so just two questions please, first on capacity growth for the Caribbean next year, I think you said on the last call, you were up 4% or 5%, so do you said expect to be at that figure or much reduce it? And what you think the industry capacity growth is for next year for the Caribbean? And then on cost, I think you 100 basis point increase in cost guidance, I think 0.7% was from extra dry docks, I am just wondering does that reverse next year and apart from the depreciation comment, or when you have a sort of big cost factors we should think about for 2018? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: I will let David comment on the cost first and then I will handle your other question to wrap it up, go ahead.
David Bernstein: So Jamie on the cost side, the other 0.7 wasnt dry docks in comparison to our June guidance. The point increase we said 0.3 of a point was related to the lower ALBDs and the additional hurricane expenses, and I gave some examples in my commentary on what the other 0.7 points were, it was the pension expense, it was the additional investment in environmental and other areas, and it was also some litigation cost, but on a full year basis back in December, a 0.7 points of the year-over-year increase was related to dry dock and most of that dry dock cost actually seems to be hitting in the fourth quarter, which as you would expect is the slow time of the year and the time of the year that we choose to dry dock a lot of shares.
Arnold Donald: And then concerning the Caribbean, the industry's going to be up a little over 6% I believe. We are up in little over 5%. We have absolutely no intensity of reducing capacity in the Caribbean, it was up 6% this year, and you can see we did well the Carnival brand outperformed, and overall, we did well in the Caribbean. And we think we are doing a decent job of creating demand. We still think there is some consumer attitude tailwind that is helping us as well. And at this point we are not giving guidance for 2018, but that would be the circumstances we see. We don't have any intentions of reducing capacity in the Caribbean going forward. Did I answer your question Jamie?
Jamie Rollo: Thank you very much. Yes it does. Thank you very much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. Thank you everyone for participating. We really appreciate it. Again we are totally committed as you guys know, to achieve a double-digit return on invested capital in 2018. We feel we are well-positioned to do that, and we thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-06-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - President and Chief Executive Officer David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer Micky Arison - Chairman Beth Roberts - SVP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Robin Farley - UBS Jaime Katz - Morningstar David Beckel - AB Bernstein Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Brian Egger - Bloomberg Intelligence Peter McMillan - Tiger Management Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Peter McMullen - Peter McMullen Consulting
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Im Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Today, Im joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. We achieved record second quarter adjusted earnings of $0.52 per share, thats on top of last years previous record-setting second quarter and we exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $0.07. Our second quarter results combined with our strong book position enabled us to again increase the midpoint of our previous full-year guidance range and raise our full-year earnings expectations to a range between $3.60 and $3.70. Year-over-year for the second quarter despite a $0.12 drag from fuel and currency both moving against us, strong operational improvement contributed $0.13 per share to the bottom line, which when combined with $0.02 of accretion from our share repurchase program enabled us to exceed the prior years second quarter and the high-end of our March guidance range. The efforts of our more than 120,000 employees around the world who deliver exceptional guest experiences every day, combined with the support of our valued travel agent partners propelled our strong financial performance. Constant currency revenue yield growth this quarter exceeded 5% on top of the 3.6% improvement achieved in the second quarter last year. Our consistently strong revenue improvement continues to be driven by increasing demand in excess of our measured capacity growth through our ongoing guest experience, marketing and public relations efforts. And as previously indicated, we have many efforts underway to keep the momentum going throughout 2017 and beyond. Our new ship deliveries continue to receive worldwide media attention and create more demand for cruising. We had two major ship deliveries this quarter, the luxurious Majestic Princess, or known by the Mandarin name of Sheng Sh Gong Zhu Hao, the first international ship in the premium category tailored for the China market. Majestic features the largest shopping experience at sea, high-end and unrivalled, again, an experience tailored for Chinese preferences and many other distinct pleasures for our Chinese and our international guests. She began her inaugural season in Europe before embarking on a momentous voyage along the Silk Road sea route in support of the One Belt One Road initiative to her new home port in Shanghai. On July 9, we will inaugurate her first season in China with a celebration that is sure to attract a lot of attention in mainland China. Creating further awareness for cruising in Asia, we also delivered in Nagasaki AIDAperla to our AIDA brand for Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in a traditional Japanese ceremony. The ship will be in Palma de Mallorca, where she will be christened by German model and presenter, Lena Gercke, next weekend. AIDAperla is the sister ship of the very successful Adiaprima, which recently celebrated her first birthday in a tremendous fireworks display in a brilliant light show in the port of Hamburg witnessed in person by over 1 million people. AIDAperla and Adiaprima bring many innovations to our industry as the first two cruise ships to be powered in port by liquefied natural gas, as well as many experiences tailored to AIDAs exclusively German guests, including a microbrewery, a lazy river, climbing wall and an expansive German spa. During the quarter, progress continued on our fleet enhancement program with the sale of the Pacific Pearl in April. Were in conversation for additional ship sales and expect to remain on track with our historical pace of removing an average of one to two ships per year from our fleet. Another great vehicle to drive demand for cruising is new destinations. Following our historic maiden voyage to Cuba by Fathom under the 12 approved forms of travelguideline Carnival Cruise Line will embark its first voyages to Havana in just a few weeks also under the same guidelines. Carnival Paradise sailing from Tampa is receiving attractive premiums for this in demand destination. Our premium experience Holland America Line also recently received approval to sail to Cuba with Veendam calling at both Havana and Cienfuegos beginning in December this year. Over time, we expect more of our brands to join Carnival and Holland America with sailings to Cuba. We continue to make progress on destination development to further enhance our guest experiences and are exploring new port developments, such as our recently proposed development on brand Bahama Island. Port development is another way in which we use our industry-leading scales to create meaningfully distinct greater guest experiences. We have and well continue to create carefully engineered high-quality destination experiences that are uniquely tailored to our guest preferences from our private islands like Princess Cays and Half Moon Key to the planned expansion of our cruise terminal in Barcelona to our most recently completed port destination Amber Cove, in the Dominican Republic. Were providing exceptional guest experiences that enable our brands to capture a price premium. We have many more innovations planned in port development that we expect to roll out in the coming years.  Of course, we have additional efforts underway to drive demand for our existing fleet by elevating our already high guest experience. Our recently announced Ocean Platform featuring Ocean Medallion continues to go on a tremendous media interest with well over 16 billion media impressions year-to-date. We remain on track to launch our first ship with the Ocean Platform, Regal Princess in November, ushering in a new era in highly personalized travel at scale.  Focusing on the U.S. market for a moment, our Ocean original media content portfolio is now featuring four proprietary award winning shows and is already aired over 70 hours of programming our major networks including ABC, NBC, A&E and the CW, combined with our original content distribution on many more digital video on demand platforms, including Hulu, XFINITY U-verse, DirecTV, and Armed ForcesNetwork just to name a few. These programs have now reached over 115 million viewers to-date. Importantly, market research indicates, these shows have notably increased consideration for cruising overall and favorability for our brands. In fact, a recent study on U.S. travel trends indicated visits to cruise websites are now at a historical high of 32% year-over-year and nearly double that of 2014. In addition, the reputation institute just ranked Princess, Holland America and Seabourn as the top three brands in the cruise industry, with Seabourn leading the entire hospitality sector for brand reputation. At the same time, Carnival Cruise Line was for the third year in a row named the most trusted cruise line in America by Readers Digest. I would also like to acknowledge Carnival Corporations recent ranking in the top quartile of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine, as well as the recent recognition our sustainability report received being ranked number one globally. Both of these are manifestation of the hard work our teams all around the world have put forth to achieve our sustainability results. In addition to our relentless efforts to increase demand for cruising, we expect to benefit from structural long-term tailwinds, including growing populations, increasing wealth in developing countries, and importantly, in a number of markets increased spending by consumers on experience versus products all of which are contributing to the 4% annual growth expected in travel globally. Our well known brands, our phenomenal guest experiences and our great vacation value proposition, all position us well to capitalize on these trends in every market. In fact, a recent study by ASTA indicates that the millennial generation not only spends more on travel than the baby boomer generation, but its also more likely to cruise. Recent polls acknowledge both Holland America and Princess as top brands with the millennial generation. During the quarter, progress continued on our many efforts to leverage our industry leading scale, including our powerful new revenue management system, which has been rolled out across six of our brands to approximately a third of those brands inventory. The system development is encouraging collaboration among our 70 plus revenue scientists and experts across our brands as they take advantage of the dynamic and insightful pricing inquiry that the two generates. While we have already enjoyed some benefit from the sharing of best practices during the design phase of the new tool and are seeing yield uplift in this ramp up period we expect even greater benefit in 2018 and beyond if the system is fully rolled out. But at the same time work continues on our efforts to contain cost. We remain on track to achieve an additional $75 million this year for a cumulative savings of over $265 million today. We have increased our full year cost guidance slightly to reflect additional investments to be made later this year as our brands have identified further revenue generating opportunities. As we have indicated before, we will continue to invest in opportunities we see that drives revenue and return on invested capital over time. All told, the success of our various efforts is evidenced by the improved second quarter results, combined with continuous strength in booking trend which has accelerated progress on our path to our double-digit return on invested capital and enabled a step-up in shareholder distributions. During the last quarter we increased our regular quarterly dividend from $0.35 to $0.40 per share, now distributing nearly $1.2 billion of the recurring dividends annually. At the same time, our Board increased our ongoing share repurchase authorization back to $1 billion having been depleted through our $2.7 billion of cumulative repurchases since October of 2015. We plan to continue to increase returns to shareholders with our cash flow reaching Oracle record levels and growth as we approach the same double-digit return on invested capital. Again, there are underpenetrated cruise markets all over the world. Our new ships including Majestic Princess and AIDAperla are ongoing innovative guest experience efforts including Ocean Platform. Our aggressive efforts to increase consideration for cruising, including our proprietary ocean original content programming, our new destination opportunities in Cuba and the Bahamas and in China, and our recently launched yield management tools are all multi-year opportunities that are intended to continue the momentum and to build further confidence towards our sustained delivery of double-digit return on invested capital. With that, Id like to turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. Ill start today with a summary of our 2017 second quarter results, then Ill provide some insights on booking trends and finish up with an update on our full year 2017 guidance. Our adjusted EPS for the second quarter was a record $0.52. As Arnold indicated, this was $0.07 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The improvement was revenue driven as increase in net ticket yield benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic, while on-boarding other yields continue to benefit from a variety of our ongoing initiatives. Now lets turn to the second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 4%, the North American brands were up almost 6%, while the European, Australian and Asian brands, also known as our EAA brands, were up slightly. Our total net revenue yields were up 5.1%. Now lets break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yield were up 5.7%. This increase was driven by our North American brands deployment in the Caribbean, Europe and Alaska, as well as our EAA brands deployment in both Europe and the Caribbean. These increases were partially offset by decreases in our China deployment, as previously indicated. Net onboard and other yields increased 3.5%, with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. In summary, as Arnold indicated, our record second quarter adjusted EPS was better than last years previous record setting second quarter, with strong operational improvements of $0.13 and the $0.02 accretive impact of the stock purchase program, both being partially offset by the impact of higher fuel prices costing $0.11 and the unfavorable impact of currency worth a $0.01. Now, lets turn to booking trends. Since the end of February, booking volumes for the next three quarters have been running in line with the prior year at nicely higher prices. At this point in time, cumulative bookings for the next three quarters are ahead of the prior year, again, at nicely higher prices. Lets drill down into the cumulative book position. First, for our North American brands. The Caribbean and the seasonal European program are both well ahead of the prior year on both price and occupancy. While for Alaska, occupancy is in line at nicely higher prices. Secondly, for our EAA brands, our European deployment and the seasonal Caribbean program, occupancy is ahead at nicely higher prices. Finally, I want to provide you with an update on our full-year 2017 guidance. As Arnold indicated, our second order results combined with our strong book position enabled us to again increase in the midpoint of our guidance and raised our full-year earnings expectations to a range between $3.60 and $3.70 versus $3.45 for 2016. The improvement was driven by an increase in our net revenue yield guidance to approximately 3.5%, a half point increase, reflecting the impact of stronger pricing on closing bookings during the second quarter and slightly higher onboard and other yields. This was partially offset by a slight increase in our costs. For example, we planned increased investments in our four proprietary television programs, as well as advertising efforts to continue to optimize booking momentum for 2018 and beyond. As a result, net cruise cost without fuel for ALBD is now expected to be up approximately 1.5% for 2017. And now, Ill turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, good morning, guys. Hope youre doing well, a great quarter. I want to ask about the embedded fourth quarter yield guidance, which looks like youre expecting yields to be up, at this point only slightly. I know last year, I think, you had a pretty strong fourth quarter with yields up about 4%, and I think there was about a 100 basis point benefit from that accounting change last year. So, I guess, the question is, can you help us understand your thought process around your key markets for the fourth quarter? I guess, I would have expected a number a little bit higher than that.
Arnold Donald: Hey, good morning, Steve. Thank you for your comments. Look, obviously, as you just say, we had a tougher comparison versus last year in the fourth quarter. But our guidance is always our best projection of future. There we  nearly always is unexpected challenges and we thought - anticipate that and are able to adjust to the change in circumstances. But fundamentally, our guidance has remained the same. We added into, as we raised the midpoint of the full-year guidance, we added [the gains] [ph] to-date and let the guidance going forward the same, its not anymore complicated than that.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, gotcha. And then second question, I guess, in your prepared remarks, you didnt really give a lot of color around the Chinese market. Can you just maybe give us an update there in terms of what youre seeing, and how the changes with Korea and stuff like that have impacted your ability for  to take price? And then maybe also just comment on Majestic Princess, I know thats a ship that was built specifically for China, but it seems like youve decided to remove it for a couple of weeks. And, again, I know thats their slower winter months. But is there anything else that drove your decision to move that already?
Arnold Donald: Overall, again, thanks again for your question. So China, overall, as you know, is a relatively small percent of our current capacity. As we said in the past, its an embryonic market, its the B2B business. So the fact that the Chinese are not currently traveling to Korea we believe aggravated a situation there in terms of yield and bookings and what have you. But honestly, at this point, because it is the B2B market, there are still always negotiations between the trade and the cruise companies like ourselves. So we believe it had an impact, indications would suggest that. But at this point, we cant concretely say Korea produced any effect, but we suspect it did. In terms of overall, look, China is still going to be probably the largest cruise market in the world over time. Its an embryonic market, is very small today. Concerning your question about Majestic Princess, were very excited about Majestic Princess. She is the first purpose built ship for China. Were excited about the naming ceremony coming up in Shanghai in July, where were looking forward to that. And in terms of her itinerary planning, we always optimize deployments, and we see the opportunity for Majestic Princess to not only be home ported in China, but also to take travelers from China on fly cruise to other destinations, as we do with national [lead delegated] [ph] ships in many of our other brands. And so we just see that as a way to optimize the first year deployment and opportunity to build the appetite for cruising in China, both fly cruise as well as home porting and local destination embarkation. So, I hope I answered to your question, you can pull if I missed a point.
Micky Arison: Yes, the only thing I will add that is, we talked about the challenges in China. But the recent sailings have been at very high occupancy levels, and so we were very pleased with that.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. Good quarter.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. Appreciate it, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I wanted to focus a little bit on the comment about volumes during the second quarter that they were in line with last year prices well ahead, because I know that investors are always aware of that, would that be due to demand not being higher than last year, or maybe you can clarify, is that just because youd rather get higher price and then you dont want to be any further booked ahead than you were at this time last year? In other words, can you comment on how we should be interpreting that like, is that a function of your yield management strategy that thats actually what you were striving for, or are you just sort of saying [Multiple Speakers]
Arnold Donald: Im sorry, go ahead, Robin, continue please? Yes.
Robin Farley: I think also just with a couple of security incidents in Europe that investor concern might be like if thats impacting demand. So maybe you can clarify if its that, or if its, in fact, that youd rather get the higher price and didnt want to be further ahead in volume?
Arnold Donald: Got it. So first of all, yes, absolutely, we havent been able to measure any kind of impact from the various geopolitical issues and events in Europe and that sort of thing. So we havent seen any lost momentum. We see strong momentum in the business all the way through, its very early to be talking about first-half of next year. But through the first-half of next year, were up on occupancy, up on pricing, against a very tough comparison, because obviously a strong year this year, strong year last year, so lots of momentum in the business for certain. Your comment about optimization of the booking curve looking at price versus volume at different points in time and booking curve is absolutely true. We have a new revenue management tool for a number of other brands and we are constantly always optimizing across  brands across multiple source markets and itineraries. And so that is a fair comment. But with regards momentum in the business, now the momentum is very strong.
Robin Farley: Okay, now thats great. Thanks. And then just to clarify a little further on your  so your guidance for Q3 is higher than what Street expectations were and I think there were concerns about Europe. So the Q3 guidance is great. And I know you tend to be conservative here looking at Q4 and you said thats kind of your best guess as of now. But just trying to think about, I mean, you guys have nicely beat your guidance every quarter lately. And so when we look at your guidance for Q4, Im getting something like 1% to 1.5% yield range. Im just trying to think what we should think about that as youre conservative to your guidance and we should look at it through the same lens that weve looked at your guidance the last couple of quarters, which has  youve managed to come in better than. Im wondering is there anything, in particular, dry-docks or something in the comp that is more concrete that that would make the number in that range?
Arnold Donald: Look I think, the reality is that we have beat the number of quarters in a row, one quarter that wont happen. And hopefully, its not any quarter soon, but its bound to happen eventually. We always give our best guesstimate. There are always things that happen in the market, as you know. I mean, weve gone through a lot of stuff, fuel, currency  fuel and currency moving together at the same time. We have all kinds of other issues with, you cant go to Istanbul, you cant go here, typhoons, hurricane, cyclones all that stuff. So we always give our best estimate, but we dont think, were being ultraconservative. But obviously, we do factor in that things can go wrong. And we want to still perform and we will deliver towards the double-digit return of invested capital which is our commitment. Were marching hard and fast towards that, and we do have tougher comparisons as Steve pointed out in his question in the fourth quarter as well than we had in these other quarters where weve done about a 4%, et cetera, versus prior year.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Im curious, you guys had mentioned some additional investments youre going to be making in the fourth quarter, if you would be willing to elaborate on any of them and how you might think they might add to the economics of the business longer-term?
Arnold Donald: Absolutely. So the brands are all reviewing their forward plans. They want to maintain the momentum, theyre enjoying and were getting smarter and smarter about how to invest dollars. So while there is a plan to increase spend versus where we were previously planning, because they have recognized opportunities in media and some socials, but also some of our proprietary TV programs that David mentioned. Those are some areas weve looked at. There are other areas too as well and were ramping up an investment with some onboard efforts on the number of ships and so on. So thats kind of whats driving it, but theyre all revenue related, theyre all double-digit return on invested capital related. Were seeing almost smart investments and thats why were taking a look at increasing.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then can you talk about the cruising to Cuba? How you guys are thinking about investing in infrastructure over the long-term now that it seems like, at least, over the near-term the cruise industry wont be disrupted by any government policies that are coming about?
Arnold Donald: It would be disruptive. It is disruptive in terms of making investments in ports and what not. Im not sure we have the freedom to do that under the current regulations. But as you look at it long-term, of course, we  as things evolve, when we are able to invest, we would look forward to co-investment. With Cuba or investing directly, if they allow that to develop ports. Cuba is going to really refresh the Caribbean. Obviously, today is a teeny tiny portion of our capacity. You wont be able to even find the numbers in our overall reporting. But were excited about Carnival with Paradise sailing out of Tampa starting soon and this month still we are in June yet. And Holland America starting up in November, December. So were very excited about those two brands going falling on top of the historic year we have with Fathom and Adonia, and obviously, we were applying for the other brands to go. But it will be a while before we can actually financially invest in developing port infrastructure, that doesnt mean that Cubans wont do it themselves though.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then lastly, can you just comment on capital allocation? I know you noted that there was a new share buyback or an increase to the repurchase authorization, but with prices at really high levels, at least, for share prices how they run up. How do you think about balancing dividend increases versus share repurchases? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Yes, you bet. First of all, the share price are at historical highs, but obviously, we dont think theyre high enough. But having said that, were always opportunistically looking at the repurchase and well continue to buyback shares. The balance is the Board decision. But Id say, our pattern historically has been established with the dollar amounts that weve done of over $2.7 billion, I guess, since 2015 in buybacks. Obviously, we were up to about $1.2 billion in dividend distributions on an annual basis now. So when you look at that, I would say, until the Board says otherwise thats been our historical pattern.
David Bernstein: Yes. And the only thing Ill add to that is, we have traditionally said that, were targeting a dividend payout ratio of 40% to 50%. And as Arnold indicated, we recently increased the quarterly dividend in April, well, the Board did.
Jaime Katz: Thank you so much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
David Beckel: Thank you so much. Based on our estimates, it looks as if your China capacity will be declining in 2018 somewhere in the high single-digit range, some of your peers are also in a similar situation. Kind of following on one of the first questions asked, under the assumption youre optimizing yield and fly cruise makes sense and all that. But what is it about the China market that you feel needs to change in order for meaningful amounts of capacity to be redeployed into that market?
Arnold Donald: Hey, thank you. First of all, my expectation is that there will be additional capacity deployed in the coming years. In any given year for any specific balance of ships and brands for us, our decisions are very specific to our brands and the balancing of itineraries around the world and the balancing of optimizing yield. So we will be down next year in China a little bit on capacity. And again, thats not only about China, its much about opportunities around the world, because our philosophy is, we always want to optimize and what we generate from our ships. So  but I dont  China long-term its going to be a huge market. Were extremely excited about our partnership with CSFC that has moved along very nicely. We still have lots of work to do with the trade there in China with distribution system. But again, just please keep in mind, the industry is tiny there. I mean, were very, very, very small, and these little moves hopefully. Hopefully the fact that there is less capacity next year. Well create the opportunity for yield improvement in China hopefully. But you cant evenguarantee that, because theres still a B2B business. This isnt actually selling to consumers where consumers are saying, oh, if you drop the price, I would cruise more. Its really a business to business transaction still at this stage.
David Beckel: Got it. Its very helpful, thanks.
Arnold Donald: And just on the revenue management system, is there any color you can give us as to how much, I know, this is probably a rough math, but how much yields have improved thus far because of specific actions youve implemented on the revenue management side?
Arnold Donald: To be honest with you, we obviously have internal estimates and stuff on that, which we wouldnt disclose. But the reality  the fact of the reality is, there are so many variables moving at once. What we do know is that the roll out is progressing very nicely. As we shared with you before about a third of the inventory of the brands, the six brands that happen to use in the tool, thats  there the inventory is impacted and going to be close on a percentage of those brands. In 2018, the brands are tremendously excited about it, is definitely contributing to positive results, theres no question about that. And we will continue to contribute positive results for the rest of this year and beyond across multiple brands with it. But I wont segment how much is yield or versus how much is other dynamics in the business demand creation and so on is the cumulative effect of all of it. But I have lots of anecdotal things I can share with you on specific itineraries, where yield would mean a difference, but the cumulative effect is definitely positive.
David Beckel: Would it  if I could ask about one specific anecdote, to maybe highlight your point?
Arnold Donald: Absolutely, so our UK team was working on a particular itinerary and the two suggested certain pricing, the team thought that didnt make any trends. They went back and to take a hard look at the two itself to see what was wrong with it, why was it suggesting this. They couldnt find anything wrong with it, so they decided to travel on that particular itinerary and they ended up generating consumer more yield because they ended up instead of dropping price, you know taking the place up and when they further analyzed that the two gives you a lot more granularity, when they further analyzed it, they could see by meta, what was going on and why the two recommended an increase in certain metas and leaving the meta where they were being challenged flat as opposed to reducing the price. And so in the end, it produced significantly more yield in that particular itinerary than what have been achieved otherwise. So theres lots of those kinds of examples. But overall, its allowing our people to  on a much more granular level, look at itineraries at different points in time. The two provides great inquiry and in the end it requires yield management by our yield experts and revenue scientists, but it allows just much, much more granular inquiry and execution in terms of smaller and more frequent price moves.
Beth Roberts: Meta is a Cabin category.
Arnold Donald: Yes, meta is a Cabin category, just wanted to make sure you understood what that was, yes, okay.
David Beckel: Very well, thanks so much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, all right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Hey good morning everybody.
Arnold Donald: Good morning.
Harry Curtis: Just a follow-up  good morning, on your comments about the fourth quarter, sorry to beat the dead horse, but can you  are there any specifics that you are really worried about any, because the tone of the business in your key markets changed in the fourth quarter to lead you to have a bit more conservative outlook?
Arnold Donald: There is nothing in terms of the business that we are particularly concerned about, just the normal stuff that happens every year. But as I mentioned before, you know part of the yield difference is the fact of a tougher comparison, you know fourth quarter last year with fourth quarter this year versus the other quarters to the previous quarter. But other than that one specific dynamic that would drive something that looks differently, there is nothing in particular that were concerned about, looking ahead, thats different than we would be every year at this time of the year.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And then a quick question on supply growth. It looks to me like your supply growth in 2018 should be up just under 2% and Im curious how you see just the overall supply growth shaping up in 2018 for your core markets in Europe and the Caribbean?
David Bernstein: Sure, you know we can give you that detail. You know
Beth Roberts: Caribbean for 2018 versus 2017 for us is up 4% to 5%, and Europe market is up 3% globally, Alaska is up 7% to 8%, in total were up 2.5%, so we are seeing capacity reductions in Australia and certainly in China.
Arnold Donald: And for the industry?
David Bernstein: The industry capacity which is up 5  in 2018, its 5.9%.
Arnold Donald: Yes, 5% or so, almost 6% at this point.
Harry Curtis: Okay and last question, could you mentioned
Arnold Donald: And  go ahead, go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Well, I just wanted to shift gears, you had commented that you had an outlook including the next three quarters and David if you could talk about what percentage youre roughly booked for the first quarter of next years, typically it should be around 35% to 40% at this point? And kind of how is tone looking at least at the early part of next year in terms of occupancy and pricing?
David Bernstein: Okay, yes, you know I can give you, so Harry, you know we have traditionally said that like for the next few quarters, for the current quarter we are 80% to 90% booked, is the historical range. For the next quarter out, which would be fourth quarter 50% to 70%, is the historical range. First quarter would be 30% to 50% and second quarter would be 15% to 25%. And we are approaching the high-end of all of the historical ranges as with the current booking curve.
Harry Curtis: And at prices that are nicely ahead or well ahead or blowing the doors off ahead?
David Bernstein: As we said for  as Arnold said for next year, when the prizes are ahead, Id rather not give some particular additive to describe them at this point only because its early and we are not ready to give guidance for next year.
Harry Curtis: Okay, very good thanks
Arnold Donald: Hey, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Circling back to Arnold to the demand creation comments in the fourth quarter to drive teen, is that  would you say skewed to any one region in particular, more so than the other, I mean it looks like Europe and North America are performing the best, whether they skewed anyway to Australia, New Zealand and Asia or is that fairly well balanced across regions?
Arnold Donald: You know I would say most of the  thats where increases are in the core markets, its in U.S. and Europe, very strong markets where people see opportunities to have to lead stronger and thats where the requests are today and what weve factored into the guidance.
Tim Conder: Okay and if you would, David or Beth, just maybe repeat your commentary on Australia and China as far as your capacity in those markets? And then, to follow-on to that question, you said the industry is going to be up 5.9%, any color on the industry level by those regions that you gave for Carnival Corp?
David Bernstein: Yes, we want  well  Tim, well have the industry data at the third quarter call, today weve got our data in total for 2018.
Arnold Donald: You know just another comment on that. Obviously we had some significant capacity increase for example in the Caribbean this year and I remember a number of the analysts were expressing consternation last year about that, and obviously weve done very, very well. I think the reality is that as long as were creating the demand to observe the capacity, then the industry can continue to do very well, we certainly plan to do well because we are going to create the demand, we are going to do magic capacity growth for our brands. And we are doing the things necessary through enhanced revenue management techniques using yield in our existing platforms that we already have or Carnival and Costa.
David Bernstein: And as for as China and Australia concerned, we are talking about mid-single digit capacity declines in each of those deployment markets.
Tim Conder: Okay...
Arnold Donald: And then just to pile on a little bit, because were getting a lot of questions on the fourth quarter, I just want to emphasize you all that fourth quarter is ahead of a record fourth quarter last year and there is absolutely no loss of momentum.
Tim Conder: One last question. As you rightly said that before Arnold, you know in China you get SARS, one year typhoons, you get South Korea whatever, I mean there is always something going on. So the normal, I guess that is a normal, but have you seen just in general over the last 12 months for yourself, the industry, however you want to comment on this, has the cost structures, profitability structures changed in any way material either up or down over the last 12 months?
Arnold Donald: Over the last 12 months, not so much. I would say the biggest change over the last 12 months, if you look at our earnings call today and compare it to earnings last year, is the double whammy of fuel and currency. Historically, it never moved together and for the past year or so. They have been moving together and often in a negative way. And so thats a big thing to overcome  we overcome it operationally with performance. But that would be the one fundamental thing that I would say changed.
Tim Conder: Okay.
Arnold Donald: And despite all the stuff going on we have had four quarters of 4% yield improvement.
Tim Conder: Okay. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Jared Shojaian: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick clarification, the 5.9% global industry supply growth that you referenced, is that net or gross? And then can you give us the comparable number in 2017?
Micky Arison: Sure, it is a gross number. The only thing we do is anything that we know of, we would take out. But obviously, at this point, there could very well be some unplanned retirements.
Beth Roberts: And 2017 was 5.3%.
Jared Shojaian: Okay, thats really helpful. Thank you. And then you talked about some tougher comparisons in fourth quarter. But youre also going to have tougher comparisons once we get into 2018. So how should we think about that 1% implied yield in the fourth quarter in relation to 2018? I guess, what Im asking is a 1% exit rate going into 2018 would imply that demand has to get better in order for you to do better than a 1% yield in 2018? Is that the right way to think about it, or is there anything else Im missing, I know theres geographical differences in the fourth quarter versus 2Q. and 3Q next year. But can you help me think about that a little bit better?
Arnold Donald: Yes, were not ready obviously to give guidance for 2018 yet. We were just given you guys early preliminary tone, which you shouldnt read too much into, because its such a small percent of the business at this point that we have line of sight on. So were not ready to give any guidance, but all the things that you just mentioned are true, theres a mix difference. We have to see what we actually do. Were giving you a guidance for the fourth quarter. We have to see what we actually perform before we can begin to have line of sight on how were going to perform before we give some. But it is ahead at higher prices and thats what we can see, but were not ready to give guidance in terms of percent.
Beth Roberts: And the booking currency are at the high end of historical range, and weve got good booking momentum and we feel very good about the business.
Jared Shojaian: Thats great. Thank you. And then just one last one, you called out some incremental costs for this here. Are those 50 basis points of incremental cost unique to this year, or will you expect them to be recurring again in 2018?
Arnold Donald: Weve been able to maintain the momentum that I had shared with you guys previously of targeting $75 million a year in cost savings. And as Ive told you, some of that will go to bottom line and some we might reinvest to drive yield. And so right now, the brands have put forth some pretty convincing argument of additional revenue improvement by making investments, so were doing it. But well be revealing that as we go. I wouldnt consider it a pattern or projection for what were going to always do anything like that. But in this particular case with a specific proposals they presented with the evidence they put with it, it seems like a smart investment to make.
Beth Roberts: And keep in mind, we do round everything to the nearest half a point. So its not necessarily a full 50 basis points.
Jared Shojaian: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Egger with Bloomberg Intelligence. Please go ahead.
Brian Egger: Yes. Just a follow up question regarding the proceeding cost question, I think you kind of covered this. But to understand it to the extent that youve seen increases in investments in proprietary TV program here, advertising costs, is the change albeit small in cost, unit cost guidance for the full-year a function of the timing of things like marketing advertising or the absolute level, or if any color you can add there would be helpful?
Arnold Donald: No, it would be absolute level. We were actually looking at investing more than we would have at the beginning of the year.
Brian Egger: Okay.
Arnold Donald: So we see the opportunity and were taking advantage of it.
Brian Egger: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Peter McMillan with Tiger Management. Please go ahead.
Peter McMillan: Good morning.
Arnold Donald: Good morning.
Peter McMillan: Several of us were impressed with the
Beth Roberts: Peter?
Micky Arison: Peter, can you hear us?
Arnold Donald: Are you guys there? Hello? I can hear somebody.
Operator: Mr. McMillan, your line is still open. Please go ahead.
Peter McMillan: Can you hear me?
Arnold Donald: Now, we can hear you Peter. Okay, go ahead.
Operator: Oh, he just disconnected.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan McKenzie with Buckingham Research. Please proceed with your question.
Dan McKenzie: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Arnold Donald: Good morning, Dan.
Dan McKenzie: Arnold, following up on your commentary about under-penetrated cruise markets all over the world, I believe there are a number of ports in China that are developed, but not yet home ports for the industry. And wondering what the plans are today to expand the number of points there? And at what point would that make sense?
Arnold Donald: As you mentioned, there are several new cruise being added in China, where being constructed in Berlin, Shanghai, Sanya, Hainan Island. There are several others moving forward toward construction on the approval process. So there are quite a few ports being developed, which again reinforces the point weve been taking that over time, we expect China to be the largest cruise market in the world. Well obviously take advantage of those. We have to build the distribution. But as you know, China often builds in anticipation of demand coming. But we are obviously in discussion with all those ports about existing tonnage that we have in the country and possible new tonnage that we will bring in future years.
Dan McKenzie: Understood. And then just a second question here, just given that kind of the revenue management system. Im wondering what the opportunity is just to source elsewhere in the region for the China cruises, so in Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, even Malaysia, Im wondering what youre doing today, if anything? And is there revenue opportunity from optimizing these various sourcing markets?
Arnold Donald: I think thats a great point. Theres considerable opportunity not only in China, but throughout Southeast Asia, both as a source markets and clearly obviously, as destinations now that Chinese travelers are already traveling to and could choose to take advantage of a cruise option in those travels. So both from a sourcing standpoint, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, but clearly, as destination opportunities for Chinese travelers. And so we have an overall strategic footprint in place and have strategic plans in place to take advantage of both, the fly cruise opportunity as well as sourcing more from those regions.
Dan McKenzie: Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Peter McMullen with Peter McMullen Consulting. Please go ahead.
Peter McMullen: Again, just some of us were wowed by the potential of the Medallion. And Im just wondering if you could review what benefits you see for the company long-term?
Arnold Donald: As you know, were excited about it. Its going to launch in November. The first ship experience for the public will be then. Progress has been very exciting with it. Our  one of fun things for me to see is how excited our crew is because the technology for us, as you know, Peter, is about enhancing the hospitality experience and its about enhancing our crews ability to deliver to the guest what they want, when they want, how they want it and exactly when they want it. And so, were very excited about that. In terms of the impact for us, well have to see. We think theres all kinds of opportunities, onboard revenue opportunities, ticket pricing opportunities. There is lot of excitement. But its brand-new, its brand-new technology and systems and we have to leave it out, but were very excited.
Peter McMullen: In the early days, it will be a competitive advantage to Carnival?
Arnold Donald: Well, the reality is, as you know, we consider our competition land-based vacations, and not the other cruise coming back because we think were so much better than them or anything. Its just because if you add up all the cruise companies to get all the cabins, its less than 2% of the hotel rooms, and thats why we feel, were underpenetrated at every market in the world. And so theres great opportunity for cruise for ourselves as well as the other cruise. So land-based vacation is really the challenge. We think we already have a great value and experience offering compared to land-based vacations and we think Ocean will just take that up on a whole another level, but well see.
Peter McMullen: Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions in the phone line.
Arnold Donald: Excellent. Thank you all very much. We greatly appreciate your interest. We look forward to meeting with you on the earnings call in the next time and seeing you in between. So everybody, be safe and good luck on draft day. Hopefully, your team will get the player you want. Have fun. Take care.
Micky Arison: Bye-bye, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays call. We thank you for your participation and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-03-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - President and CEO Micky Arison - Chairman David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - SVP, IR
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup Jaime Katz - Morningstar James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Harry Curtis - Nomura David Beckel - Bernstein Research Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Today, I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison via phone from Europe as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Here with me here in Miami. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. Our company is off to a good start again this year with adjusted earnings of $0.38 per share exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by $0.05. Our first quarter results combined with our strong book position enabled us to increase the midpoint of our previous guidance range by $0.15 and raise our full year earnings expectations leaving us well positioned to deliver for the year.  Year-over-year for the first quarter despite a $0.13 drag from fuel and currency both moving against us, strong operational improvement contributed $0.10 per share to the bottom line, which when combined with $0.02 of accretion from our share repurchase program enabled us to exceed the high end of our guidance range for the quarter. Our business, any business is all about the people. Our consistently strong financial performance is only possible because of the extraordinary efforts of our employees worldwide to exceed our GAAP expectations and to deliver memorable vacation experiences as well as our travel agent partners who support our brands around the globe. It was reinforcing to see constant currency revenue yield growth this quarter of roughly 3.8% and that's on top of the 4.7% improvement achieved in the first quarter last year. We continue to drive revenue yield growth by increasing demand in excess of our measured capacity growth through our ongoing guest experience and public relations effort. In fact, we have many efforts underway are ready this year to keep the momentum going throughout 2017 and beyond. We kicked off the year by unveiling our latest guest experience innovation at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas on January 5th. We were privileged to be the first travel company ever to deliver the opening keynote address at CES, the one of largest tradeshow. There, we unveiled our leading-edge guest experience innovation, the Ocean Platform, featuring our Ocean Medallion. This is the first interactive guest experience platform designed to transform vacation travel into a highly personalized and elevated level of customized service for millions of guests. The Ocean Platform will be launched on Regal Princess beginning in the fall this year and rolled out to three additional Princess' ship early next year. Ocean has already garnered global recognition, receiving 14 billion media impressions to-date across a broad spectrum of business, travel, technology and innovation forums, and has also enabled Carnival Corporation to be named as one of fast companies, top ten most innovative companies in 2017. Now, we surprised many by being selected to give the keynote at the world's leading technology conference and this kind of global exposure is part of our continuous efforts to keep cruising at the forefront of consumers vacation considerations set. Building on those efforts, we just added a fourth show to our increasingly popular roster of U.S. original content television programs. Our Ocean Network Television show yet another innovative approach to expand the market for cruise vacations by creating experiential content, designed to engage viewers through showcasing exciting adventures, exotic cultures and popular global destinations. We have taken great care to develop TV shows that we believe families and people of all ages will truly enjoy watching. To capture a broad audience in a highly engaging way and demonstrate why cruising is such a great vacation at an exceptional value. Our newest TV show Good Spirits premiere February 16th on A&E, well timed at the height of wave season. Good Sprits joins our other three Ocean programs airing every Saturday morning. Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin on ABC, The Voyager with Josh Garcia on NBC and Vacation Creation with Tommy Davidson and Andrea Feczko on the CW Network. In just their first season, the TV programs are already garnering attention based on their popularity and ratings, even receiving the influential Parents' Choice Awards. Combining these original TV programs representing nearly 100 hours of television programming have already reached an audience of over 75 million viewers and have last on measurable increase in cruise considerations and even more favorable perceptions of our brands. Additional opportunities are in the pipeline for this year. Holland America, Jeff signed an exclusive agreement with O, The Oprah Magazine the feature series of adventure cruises beginning with O's voyage to Alaska on Eurodam. Again, these efforts combined with our creative programming around the world like the reality television shows of cruise featuring Princess Cruises and battleships featuring P&O, both in the UK or Bravo Chef our engaging new marketing campaign for Costa featuring Shakira both in Italy are into air to reach audiences multiple times and multiple ways that helps drive demand for our brands ultimately leading for higher yields. Our new ships combined with highly publicized in all events around the world are another ways that we drive demand. On January 7th, we marked a new era in ultra-luxury cruising at a festive evening ceremony in Singapore, the world's best-selling soprano Sarah Brightman presided over the naming ceremony as godmother of the new Seabourn Encore. The crown jewel of the Seabourn fleet is getting new standards for ultra-luxury cruising. Our strategic fleet enhancement plan is also an important part of our measured capacity growth strategy, which includes re-pricing less efficient ships with newer, larger and more efficient vessels. During the quarter, we signed an agreement with Fincantieri to build two new cruise ships designated by Holland America and Princess brand for delivering in 2021 and 2022. We expect that capacity growth to be around 4.5% compound annually through 2021 and some new ships to replace existing capacity. We also further our efforts to build on our leading presence in China through our cruise joint venture with CSSC, China State Shipbuilding Corporation, China's largest shipbuilder and an official signing ceremony held at the Great Hall of the People of Beijing attended by a Chinese President Xi and Italian President Mattarella. Our joint venture for the Chinese markets of the first ever cruise ships to be built in China, supporting China's larger efforts which prioritize cruise industry growth in its five year economic development plan. The first ship is planned to be delivered in 2023. We've already established a strong foundation and a leading presence in China through both our Costa and Princess brands despite the recent itinerary changes for Korea. Our development strategy is progressing this year with the first purpose-built ships to China delivered to our Princess brand later this week. Meanwhile, Costa will expand its home ports in China with [Indiscernible] Tianjin and Xiamen next month. And then there is Cuba, as our historic values for Cuba with our Fathom brand, we've recently received approval for Carnival Cruise Line to feature Cuban port. Were very excited Carnival Paradise will be sailing from Tampa beginning the summer and we have request already submitted for a number of our other brands. During the quarter, we've furthered our efforts to leverage our industry leading scale. We continue to contain cost and we remained on track to deliver more than 75 million in savings this year. So in summary, the combination of our strong fourth quarter results and our ongoing efforts to create demand and contain cost, enabled us to increase the guidance range for the year, reflecting in continue delivery of strong operational improvement. Looking forward, growth is the result of the combination of well executed business plans and innovation that makes a difference, our fleet enhancement program, our guest experience innovations including the Ocean Platform, our aggressive public relations and its corresponding positive impact, our Ocean network programming, our yield management advancements, our ongoing efforts that contain cost, our new sourced markets including China, our new destinations including Cuba, our effort in areas of sustainability and having positive social impact in the communities we touch, all, all are building blocks, leading us well position from multi-year period of earnings growth and sustained double digit returns on investment capital. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin please note all of my references to revenue ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I will start today with a summary of our 2017 first quarter results then I'll provide some insights on booking trends and finish up with an update on our full year 2017 guidance. Our adjusted EPS in the first quarter was $0.38. This was $0.05 above the midpoint of our December guidance. The improvement was all operational driven by increased net ticket revenue yields which benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic, while higher than guidance net cruise cost excluding fuel due to the timing of certain expenses between the quarters was offset by favorability in a variety of other areas. Now let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 4%. The North American brands were up over 5% while the European, Australia and Asian brands also known as our EAA brands were up almost 2%. Our total net revenue yields were up 3.8%. Now let's break apart the two components of net revenue yields, net ticket yields were up 4.1 %, this increase was driven by our North American brands deployment in the Caribbean as well as our EAA brands deployments in both Europe and the Caribbean. Net onboard and other yields increased 2.9% with increases on both sides of Atlantic. Net cruise costs per ALBD excluding fuel were up 3.2% driven by the timing of O&M, dry dock and G&A expense. As they have previously indicated, the best measure of net cruise cost per ALBD excluding fuel is on a full year basis as the timing of expenses between the quarters often varies from the year to year. In summary, our first quarter adjusted EPS was in line with the prior year, which as Arnold indicated strong operational improvements of $0.10 and the $0.02 accretive impact from the stock repurchase program both being offset by the impact of higher fuel prices, costing $0.08 and the unfavorable impact of currency worth $0.05. Now let's turn to 2017 booking trends. Since December, both booking volumes and prices for the remainder of 2017 have been running ahead of the prior year. At this point in time for the remainder of 2017, cumulative advanced bookings are well ahead at considerably higher prices. Now let's drill down into the cumulative book position. First for our North American brands, the Caribbean and the seasonal European programs are both well ahead in the prior year on both price and occupancy. For Alaska, occupancy is ahead at nicely higher prices. Secondly for our EAA brand, the European deployments which represent 62% of the remainder of 2017's capacity both price and occupancy well ahead of the prior year. Finally, I want to provide you with an update on our full year 2017 guidance. As Arnold indicated, our first quarter results combined with our strong book position enabled us to raise our full year earnings guidance, the increase was driven by two things compared to our December guidance. First, raising our net revenue yield guidance to 3%, a half point increase. And second, a benefit of $0.08 from lower fuel prices and the favorable impact of currency while net cruise cost without fuel for ALBD are still expected to up approximately 1% for 2017. Putting all these factors together, our increased adjusted EPS guidance for 2017 is $3.50 to $3.70 versus $3.45 for 2016. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: Great, hopefully, you can hear me okay. I couldn't help but noticed that the full year raise for earnings and yield is basically just the amount that you see, your first quarter guidance by. So, I was wondering if given the strength that you're seeing with bookings you through the quarter what's on the books will continue through the quarter. It seems like there would potentially be upside to the rest of your full year guidance maybe you could just select a little bit of color on that? And I dont know if you have any thoughts instead of demand from European passengers versus North American as we get later into the year? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you, Robin. We're always giving our best estimate at a given point in time and we're certainly doing that now, and we've got a long way to go till the end of the year and obviously we are going to do our best to beat the guidance as we always do. We have plucked up a little bit above what you see in terms of current fuel and currency and the gains in the first quarter, but we are also factoring in some contingencies for every impact we might see yet in the year.
Robin Farley : Okay, that's actually always going to be provided by, if you had any thoughts about sort of demand brought by geography just here I know lot of the strength you set in Q1 was driven by Caribbean demand? And that will be rough of rest in Q3, so just if you had any thoughts on the other pieces? And maybe including, it sounds like obviously your guidance always fractures in that things may not be perfect through the year and so wondering, if you built in a lot because there were some of the political situation in China that's causing you to be more conservative that kind of thing? Thanks.
David Bernstein: Sure. Look in all of the remaining quarters of the year, we are expecting yield increases, and we are expecting good yield increases on both sides of the Atlantic. So, we do see good demand for both the European passenger as well as the North American passengers. And as far as the China and Korea situation is concerned, we are doing our best, its early this just happens, its unfortunate as Arnold indicated the itinerary disruptions. But keep in mind that we've got itinerary -- weve had itinerary disruptions before weve made some changes, and we've done our best to include what we believe the potential impact is in our guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steve Wieczynski: So, can I ask a question little bit differently in terms of what Robin has asked, but I guess when you look at the yield guidance, I mean I cant remember the last time you guys raised your yields guidance so early in the year. So I guess the question is when you look back to December what markets really have changed so much in such a short-period of time to give you the comfort to raise that range so quickly?
Arnold Donald: Well, I think first of all just keep in mind, we are now into wave season and through wave season before we werent, so you really have to see how things are going to play out. So, we've got a lot more information now, but we still have a long way to go. But based on what we see, we have the confidence that we share with you. By market a lot of people were concerned about the Caribbean and relative capacity changes on all that, and once again, we kind of demonstrated that we feel we are creating enough demand for the capacity that we have and are able to continue to see relative outperformance in the Caribbean. Alaska is also strong and David may have a comment. Europe is -- the North America brands for Europe are ahead on booking and ahead on pricing, so they are doing well as well as the A brands are doing well.
David Bernstein: Again, I just probably would reiterate everything Arnold said. I mean it was an excellent wave season and so we felt confident with the additional information to raise the guidance 0.5 point at this point in time. 
Steve Wieczynski: Okay got it and then second question, I dont know if you'll answer this or not, but in the release you talked about your book position being very strong at this point related to last year. Can you maybe help us think about that little bit more from a quantitative prospective meeting? How much inventory is actually left to sell this year versus last year? Can you put numbers around that at all?
David Bernstein: There is a little bit less left to sell for the reminder of the year than there was at this time last year. We had indicated that we're well ahead on occupancy and the booking curve has continued to move further out and we feel very good about the overall book position at this point. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please proceed.
Felicia Hendrix : If you could just stay on the booking curves on topic for one second, can you help us understand given the length of the booking curve perhaps? How booked you're for 2018 versus this time last year?
David Bernstein: We're ahead of the prior year for 2018. but keep in mind that it is very early/ And so I would not read too much into that in terms of 2018, but we're ahead.
Felicia Hendrix : Okay, thats good to hear. And then Arnold in your prepared remarks unless I miss something, you didnt really talk about the new CRM net yield system that you have implemented. And I'm just wondering, what are the most important aspects of that that will be evidenced to our as investment community that analysis your financials? And is there any way to quantify what that can do to your net yield? I know the impact is more in 2018 and 2019 and this year, but is there any where to that could be quantify for us?
Arnold Donald: We're not quantifying at this time, but what I can tell you directionally is about 30% of the inventory on the fixed brands and on that new revenue management to would be impacted in 2017, more in the 85% to 90% in 2018 of their inventory will be impacted. The results have been really good. Evidence of us for that is when the two suggests a different approach than the revenue science that would have taken without the two. And so early on, they're seeing things which may some go back and double and triple check to and we keep controls and what not. But it's really been helpful and we have absolutely seeing increased yield from the teams utilizing the two. One of the most powerful things above the two though, it doesnt when I used an adjustment of the two fits let's so do it and its the cause of right question inquiry and the right conversation. And now revenue management teams across the brands are in real-time collaboration, nonstop, and that alone with either without two enhancements will be beneficial, but with the two has been really powerful. So, I think we will maybe try to quantify some stuff they want. The two runs as core to volume, small amount of inventory right now and what again in different environments with the different conditions and different points in the booking curve over period of time and continue refinance. But its no question it's helping us on yield right now.
Felicia Hendrix: That's a great and helpful and we look forward to more information on that and just that housekeeping. Can you give us the second quarter and full year G&A and interest expense guidance and then just review the capacity increases for the remaining quarters of the year and the full year? Thanks.
Beth Roberts: Sure. Depreciation in the quarter 460 million to the second quarter, full year depreciation should be about a $1.850 billion, interest expense running 50 million in the quarter, total interest expenses 200 million. It hasn't really changed that much and in terms of capacity growth by quarter we have 3.6% in the second quarter, 2% in the third, 2.1 in the fourth. 
Arnold Donald: And overall for the year I think 2.9.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Greg Badishkanian: So two questions. First one sort of 2018 you mentioned bookings were well ahead or ahead, how about ATVs or pricing, the other side of that equation? I am assuming those are ahead too, right?
Arnold Donald: Yes, current.
Greg Badishkanian: And just on China, so how are the Chinese consumers really reacting to the South Korean travel ban whether it's you're hearing from your travel agent that bookings are impacted or you're seeing increase in cancellation. Is there any reaction to maybe adding an extra day fee versus an extra port in Japan just little bit of color on kind of how the consumers reacting?
Arnold Donald: Sure, keep in mind that China today is still more of a B2B business and so a lot of the movement happens at the distribution level terms of where they took groups of vacationers. So in any event, its early, we have disruptions as David mentioned often around the world. So, we're placing with a sea day or second port in Japan in some cases you know that can be advantageous to us and sometimes have engaged advantages sort of yes. We are not a ferry, lot of times people wanting to go to Korea to shop and so I'm sure they're individuals that be disappointed that you know they can't go to Jeju to shop like they'd intended to, but we replace that with other ports our great experience on board we're hopeful that we can manage to get satisfaction. The issues still becomes in terms of the distribution, can we effectively persuade them within the same groups of people or will they switch, who they send and what's the impact of that.
Greg Badishkanian: And is it still first you know when you look at the first half being down, second half being up in terms of net yields. Is that -- could we still expect you know second half being up in that yields in China.
Arnold Donald: You know it's still too early to be sure, but we're hopeful that yields will be positive in the back half of the year and we're monitoring the situation, our team is absolutely working hard to make sure that we deliver.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Jaime Katz: So, I'm curious one of your competitors last quarter said they were comfortable where the length of the booking window was, and it sounded like there was maybe some concerned that there would be revenues that were left on the table, if they continue to lengthen any further. Can you talk about maybe where you feel you guys are with the lengths over the booking curve and whether you would prefer to sort of stay where it is to optimize your revenue capture or continue to sort of lengthen from current length?
Arnold Donald: Our competitors are land based vacation, but I'm assuming you're talking about some of the other cruise company. But in any event, the issue on the just implementing the booking curve look, we are always trying to maximize the revenue and to do that where you want to be at a different point in the booking curve will vary all the time and has a lot to do with a bunch of things from itinerary mix to source market mix et cetera, et cetera. So, we are always trying to optimize that so we can maximize revenue. At this point, we wouldnt arbitrarily try to further lengthen the booking curve, but we wouldnt necessarily try to shorten it either. We're just monitoring and using our new revenue management two for the six brands and existing two for the other brands to help us sort that out. But our goal is to maximize revenue, not to have the longest booking curve.
Jaime Katz: Okay, and then as far as the new itinerary is going to Cuba, has there been any progress on sort of port infrastructure build outs to get some of the newer ships there, any movement just recently with the government and the changes that have happened in the government here as well?
Arnold Donald: No, not that I am aware of at this point in time, obviously, our numbers of ships going for the first time including Paradise for us which we are very excited about it, as I mentioned in my opening comments. So, we are sending largest ships Paradise probably the largest ship from the U.S. in Cuba going. And so, it won't happen overtime, they are going to pace and take their time, but again there is a lot of change already occurring there. Additional cruise companies are now going to Cuba after our initial four-way with Adonia and Fathom brand and so things are increasing and it will just have to continue to work with them and go at the pace they want to go. 
Jaime Katz: And then can I just clarify I think there was some commentary saying that the CAGR of the capacity growth was 4.5% for the 2021 was that for the specific brands or for the fleet?
Arnold Donald: That's our overall fleet-wise capacity growth and of course that number could vary it because we are focused obviously on a yield environment for us to grow we have to deal with the increased yield, we are not can be in a growth just through capacity because of the large base we have and so will what we need to do right now we are trying the curve trading demand that we are able to maintain and will suspend that than that capacity growth would be certainly capacity lot of continue with yield improvements if it's some reason that we all change or they changed and we've looked at some accelerating retirements because we are committed to measure capacity growth that are in our brands that allows us to increase yield until borrowing increased financial performance. That are the aspect about us that's a little different from the other folks and the industry is set. We have a lot of geography to spread our capacity over including new geographies potential like China and the Cuba and then weve made brands. So, we have ten different brands. And so that growth was is really modest.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed.
James Hardiman : I thought we could drill down geographically a bit here. I guess first at the Caribbean obviously the concern there was that after couple years of flattish capacity. 2017 we're seeing more moderate capacity growth. I guess from what you seen so far and obviously so far so good with respect to the first quarter. But maybe some of those capacity increases have been necessarily in reflect to being you numbers yet. But overall, how you're seeing the industry digests that incremental capacity, if you look out over your bookings, the reminder of the year? And then with respect to Europe, seems like things are getting better. How much for that just lapping some of the geopolitical events from last year? And how much of it is ultimately sustainable maybe some of these economies finally getting a little bit better seeing better demand?
Arnold Donald: One another thing that is interesting about the cruise business is we have never been able to show a strong coloration between the performance of the business and economies. So, we do well in recession periods and we do well in growth periods, obviously stronger economics undoubtedly our tailwind. But we havent really been able to correlate performance directly to economies. Have been said that back to original coming about the Caribbean, as you mentioned, our capacity growth is higher than shouldnt have been in the past few years. We haven't to get through the year, but right now we're well ahead on bookings, were well ahead on pricing, and obviously the results through the first quarter were very strong and those itineraries have been completed. So, we're doing very well in the Caribbean, and we expect to continue to do well. In terms of Europe I would say overall, again it's a combination of creating demand, measuring capacity growth to our brands in the European arena and just strong brand marketing on the prior of the North American brands for their European itineraries. And so, we're doing well and we've got way ahead on price and we're ahead on bookings.
David Bernstein: And the only thing I'll add is that the capacity growth, it is bigger in the second and third quarter then the full year for the Caribbean, but when we take a look at this in our book position and our expectation in that quarter, we do anticipate good solid pricing or yield growth in the Caribbean in all four quarters.
James Hardiman: Great and then couple of questions on the new administration and how that might impact your business or not. It sounds like you're full steam ahead with respect to Cuba, there've been grumbling that the Trump Administration may want to roll some of the progress under the Obama Administration with Cuba back a little bit. How do you think about that? Do you see that as a legitimate risk? And I don't know under Trump Administration is the actual listing of the embargo with significantly less slightly and does that impact further investment there that youre going to need to really grow that as a viable market? And then its travel ban, we've been hearing from other parts of the travel industry that international visitation to the U.S. had taken a hit. I don't think that would impact your business or the broader cruise industry best I can tell, but speak to that to whatever extent that's relevant.
Arnold Donald: Sure. I think on your -- on your first point around Cuba. What's regulating Cuba right now is Cuba. So, they're determining, how many ships are coming and which ships and what time and all of that. Should the Trump administration take a different position than exists today then we'll have to deal with that. Today to be honest with you Cuba, you can't find it in outnumbers, it's the one ship Adonia now will have Paradise going, which will be a little bit bigger ship, but still that's one ship not sailing every week even to Cuba. And so, it's going to be hard to find the numbers given the scale of our business. So, it's really building for the future and we'll see what happens. I learned a long time ago never to try to predict regulation or legislation or what an administration would do or won't do and we'll just have to play it all the time. We obviously believe that people having the ability to travel is the good thing and we hope that steps will be taken to encourage travel rather than from restriction. So, we'll see how it plays out, but at this point in time, we're sailing ahead. In terms of the travel ban more broadly or similar kind of comment, first of all we haven't really been able to measure any impact from the noise around the travel ban or the actual bans themselves at this point in time. The only thing that can really directly impact us is severe restriction of travel, because we are discretionary travel and if people can't travel that will impact us. But we haven't seen anything to-date, we aren't anticipating anything, but obviously we would adapt and react our assets or mobile, thats one of the duties of our business. You know can have disruptions like China, them advising their citizens not to go to Korea and impacting no travel to Korea, and then we just redeploy and manage around.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please proceed.
Harry Curtis: Quick question for David on nomenclature. What's better well ahead or considerably higher?
David Bernstein: You know considerably higher is better than well ahead, but we're just trying to give you directionally some color on the overall picture.
Harry Curtis: And you're throwing us a curve. So my first question is related to a comment that you made in the press release talking about reaching consumers through multiple touch points. I don't know what, to what degree there's any interaction between that and the CRM system, but can you talk about the expanded channels that you are -- that you're pursuing and whether or not it has more of an impact on revenue or on the cost side?
Arnold Donald: Okay, thank you. When we talk about multiple touch points, the goal is we're like with any advertising is just to keep your brand and in this case we want to keep cruise in a positive way, out in front of people all the time. So that when they're thinking about a vacation, they have that unique idea of what about the cruise, so that's that object how do we do that, we do it through all the traditional marketing and approaches with the brands taken and not traditional ones they take digital marketing, traditional advertising, media et cetera. We do it through the events with the new ships and ships are big promotional opportunity and every time we have a new ship and inaugural event where we get position wise out there. We do it through the things like also the consumer electronics ensuring being the key note there that's a whole bunch of different media audiences that cruise now gets highlighted into the positive ways. So if someone who was being in the New York Times now goes to their technical publications, they are talking about cruise, they are talking about the New York Times down in cruise, so it's just reaching frequency. Most fundamental advertising concept there is, but doing in a way that's powerful, that's positive, that adds to understanding and hopefully entire to steep with the consider. Cost versus revenue our marketing costs are up a bit over the last few years some of the savings we've been honestly we've reinvested to drive yield to trade demand and drive yield, but basically a lot of this reallocating the balance we were spending from one type of approach to another and then we've heavily leverage our public relation that as you can tell from everything have gone. So, it's not just the matter of producing the TV shows for example or producing an ad like the Super Bowl ad we did, but it's all of the public relations efforts around that, so leverage the impact of those executions.
Harry Curtis: Very good, and just wanted to shift gears really quickly to discuss free cash flow 2017 should be another strong year of free cash flow after all of your CapEx? You've got a very strong leverage ratio. Do you think that 2017, once again it balanced the share repurchase with dividends the way you did last year or do you see a better return buying more stock this year given your attracted multiple relative to any other consumer stock out there?
Arnold Donald: That will be a Board decision obviously at the time, but just philosophically we try to stay in a search ratio of dividend payout, turning some because dividends you're going to do those forever and hopefully and so that you want to make decision that you want to get some ratio there. And so we target a ratio on dividend payout and then the balanced we like to give back to the shareholders and stock repurchase.
Harry Curtis: Go ahead.
David Bernstein: So, I was going to say the target ratio that we have targeted historically and we've reiterated is about a 40% to 50% payout ratio and so we're constantly looking that where it will be talking to the board about the dividends and the remainder it's not just the free cash flow, but we've said a number of times that with the strong balance sheet we can return free cash flow and more to shareholders, and our expectation is we will do that overtime.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
David Beckel : Last quarter you had indicated that you are less than 50% book for China at that period of time, can you give us an update on 2017 China bookings. 
David Bernstein: The bookings in China at the moment are still ahead of the prior year, but it's all everything that just happened is indicated with Korea and itinerary disruptions. As Arnold indicated, it creates some caution and we try to include that in our guidance and in developing full year guidance as we had indicated. So, this is in evolving market and its a B2B market as Arnold has walked you through. And so that next month or two will be, we'll learn a lot more and will be able to provide more information as we move forward. 
David Beckel: Got it, and might be little on fair given how recent the travel ban is, but I was wondering how you guys thought about what steps you would take if this ban were to persist through the end of this year for example? Are there any contingency plans for example moving your home ports further start or anything like that you would be evolving to share with us?
Arnold Donald: You mean the advice that Chinese government has given to their
David Beckel: Yes, if Korea is not an option for the reminder of the year?
Arnold Donald: Because you know technically it's not a travel ban, right. But anyway based on what they have said look, we think China is still one of the largest cruise market in the world, cruising is in there five year plan. We're excited about our partnership in China with CSSC, had another big signing, I mentioned with President Xi and Mattarella from Italy. So, we are very positive on China. We continue to make good money there. It's still holistically accretive to us versus our alternative deployments to the ships, so all those are positive indicators. I dont like China forecast the regulatory stuff and all that, but in our guidance, we would assume this is going to persist through the end of this year. All indications are would be temporary. Again, it's just the matter of changing deployment. So you don't go to Jeju, you add an extra port in Japan or you have an extra sea day. And in overtime, we would be looking at other itinerary changes potentially maybe tapping more in the fly cruise and that type of things.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Stephen Grambling: You alluded to this in response to Harry question, but could you quantify trends you're seeing in new to cruise passengers and how that looks across regions?
Arnold Donald: I'll give you the overall data that has some qualitative comments by regions, but overall what's happening if you leave China out of it, it's just an artifact of the construct. New to cruise is decreasing as a percent of the total and the reason it is because of the bake of those cruise before it grows and industry is limited on the capacity growth with the number of shipyards. So, you actually see, if you leave China out of it. You actually see a decline in the percent of new to cruise in a given year, okay. So, thats the trend. Obviously for us, we're more as driven yields, our ship sail for, we have great occupancy. But we're focused on yield and so we're trying to drag demand like crazy because of the oldest economic rule there is, which is supply and demand. And so the more demand the more we can get yield, and that's what its about when the terms of actually physically sailing a lot more people you know where capacity constraint as an industry which is the place to be.
David Bernstein: I don't have all the data, on the new to cruise by brand or by region, but I will say that when you look at it globally those regions or those brands that are growing faster tend to have a little bit higher new to cruise percentage, as you would imagine as you're growing the brand overall of the region overall, you have more first timers or new to cruise who are sailing on your ships during that period of time.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful color, and then I guess changing gears a little bit on that 4% capacity growth of 2021 I guess how are you planning returns return on invested capital on those ships in your pipeline relative to the overall portfolio? And could the impact of these new ships drive you to push ships into retirement sooner if it makes sense? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Yes, sure, first of all the new ships inherently give you a higher return on invested capital in general because of the mix of scale, the density, the efficiency, just the combination of everything and so you're going to build the new ships because they're inherently more efficient and position you for a stronger return on invested capital in all kind of environments. So, new ships are coming. Your question about does it encourage you or maybe cause acceleration of retirement you know that's more market demand question because as long as the ship is giving you the economic return across that there's always return on invested capital you want it, if the guests are happy with it, obviously that's step one and has to be relative to the guests. But the guests are happy with it and you're getting an economic return you're going to keep sales and when it gets to the point where the capital you have to put into it is so great you can't get a return to maintain that ship at the guest standards and the regulatory standards or what have you, then you will retire or if you get to the point where you know you just aren't creating sufficient demand for the capacity you have you're going to retire ships. So its an economic decision and we're always looking at each ship to see what the return is and what the alternatives there to drive the returns and the ship is unable in any environment and we look forward to get the kind of returns we need with the return on invested capital then that ship will ultimately either be sold off or scrapped.
Stephen Grambling: I guess one quick follow-up on nine quantifications, so are the new ships I guess what I was asking are the new ships relative to other new ships in the past getting a bigger contribution than they have historically for any reasons based on planning technology et cetera? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Yes, I would say the newer ships today are getting even better returns obviously the industry is getting a better return. So you know in the past the industry was mid single digits or lower, industry is now creeping up and in our case, for our ships absolutely we're seeing a higher return on the new ships than we would have historically seen in the past on new ships. But we're driving our overall returns higher than we had in the past as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Tim Conder: Thank you. And again Arnold that's early and David and everyone congratulations. Couple of things here, just a clarification the 4% to 5% that you throughout there just to clarify that's net or gross number what you see?
David Bernstein: You're talking about the capacity growth through
Tim Conder: Yes, I am sorry.
David Bernstein: I know that assumes some retirements, it's 5% overall gross capacity growth, and just as we've always indicated, we've sold about 19 ships in the last decade, and we do have one leaving our fleet next month. And so we do anticipate that we will see a couple of ships leave the fleet overtime and we've factored that in.
Tim Conder: So that 4.5 midpoint is a net numbers what you are saying correct.
David Bernstein: Correct. 
Tim Conder: Okay, I know it's early, but yourselves and some competitors have laid out some capacity that itinerary already bookings open for through 2018. At this point what do you see the capacity growth outlook in some of the main regions in 2018 Caribbean. Alaska, Europe as a whole?
David Bernstein: We unfortunately, Tim, I dont have that detail available with us, we should have that for on the second quarter call for all of our brands. 
Tim Conder: Okay. And then two questions related to Europe, again it's unfortunate and then hopefully we dont see any more but any impact from the incidence in London last week and capacity that would seems with people are adjusting to the new world but just any commentary there. And then it's been trying before hasnt gone through but the EU Parliament and the base requirements for U.S. citizens just your thoughts on that it would be implemented in May that are you commissioned would approve what type of impacts would they have on North American's going to Europe?
Arnold Donald: Okay, first of all the London incident obviously very recent, we will see what kind of impact if any have has. But unfortunately, these things on a longer rare and historically what happened as we see any kind of a reaction is relatively short-lived and things bounce back and return. I have to see on this one, but I honestly dont anticipate a lot of impact, but we're monitoring and paying attention. But again these things are not that rare anymore unfortunately and people just in my opinion do the right thing and continue to live their lives. So, on that one, the second part of your question again what was it?
Tim Conder: EU parliaments passed a resolution or whatever that the U.S. citizens would need a visa, they come to Europe and can just use a passport trying to get some relief I guess for five countries and the EU were currently we require passport for them to come to the U.S. has been trying before I havent gone through, but this if would -- what are your thoughts or potential impact of that Arnold?
Arnold Donald: I think the impact would be slim to none. The reality is U.S. citizens have to have reasons to go lots of places and they get them as and vice versa all the people travel to U.S. and what have you. So, visa is not an unusual thing than travel and I think it would have a limited impact.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Jared Shojaian: So demand is obviously very strong year to date, if you had to parse things out between that are macro tighter supplying your core markets with China and now on the global mix, and then just cruise specific initiatives to drive more consumer interests. How would you weight these three by what you think is most impacting the yield strength right now?
Arnold Donald: I actually think whats impacting the most is one thing you did mentioned, which is the guest experience on both the ships. And the most powerful marketing tool we have is word of mouth, our brands execute for the guests are exceptionally higher level, frankly across the industry and there is good execution for the guest. And I think collectively, that is actually driving demand more than anything. I think all the other things we do that the brands individually do, what we done at [Indiscernible] with the various television programs and PRF, it's an all back obviously add weight and the cumulative effect is the very positive thing. Weve seen specific increase in consideration and preference for the brands tied directly to the TV programs. We're on an ABC, NBC and the other networks. So, we see the physiological impact of that. All the time we think that actually translates and the people taking the cruise or taking more cruises that would have otherwise. The macro effect a good economy is the good tailwinds I mentioned before, but also as I mentioned before, the economy is being great everywhere in the world. All economies on that grade but yet we fell see good improvement in cruise and those areas where economics is not great. And so I would say the macro has an effect but on a weighted basis versus the Beth that mentioned so far it will probably be reduced. In our case in some of our brands, I think our capacity management in Europe with Costa brand is particular had a positive impact for that brand; we use some ships into China. And in particular that brand which is kind a reduced capacity at points in time has benefited from managing capacity, proactively managing capacity. When they gets the newer shift that come in and have a even higher return that the capital basis, that brand was the continues perform, where they are doing well, they are growing earnings, they are growing yield and the way that they do that even on a bigger fashion, what's the new shift are coming in again in couple of years. So, that will be how we parse that out that, that answered your question?
Jared Shojaian: Yes, thank you. Thats helpful, I guess the other side of the new to cruise equation are the repeat guest. So how does your recapture rate of first time cruisers compare today versus historically? So in other words, are you finding that a greater percentage of people cruising for the first time want to cruise again? Do you have any data or anything you can share on that.
Arnold Donald: What I can tell you is that the base obviously of those to cruisers the first time haven't expanded and therefore an aggregate number is look like, we got a higher percentage of repeat cruises as today the thing you had in the past. And in terms of the capture rate is strong, is much stronger then it was in past, that I dont know, I dont think so, so it's just artifact of the numbers that the number repeat cruises is to the higher percentage today than it was in the past.  The trick was always as it works with the travel professionals to help people get on the right cruise for them, okay. If they get on the right cruise and their promoter scores are super high and the repeat is a given. If they get on the wrong cruise for them obviously you know that's a double problem. Number one, they may not repeat themselves, but also they're not going back telling their friends and family and colleagues, how wonderful cruise is and that hurts us even more. So the trick is to get them on the right cruise and we're working hard to do that and we've improved that for sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning guys, congratulations on the great quarter and I guess I got very lucky to sneak in two quick questions. First of all in terms of the South Korean ban which we're not going to call a ban. If it were lifted let's say in a month, aren't you very flexible in terms of adding those ports of call pretty much immediately, is that fair?
Arnold Donald: Yes, we can make changes pretty quickly, the ones that have been redirected to a port in Japan maybe not, the sea day ones almost certainly. So it's that we can reintroduce.
Assia Georgieva : And as a flip side to this Majestic Princess obviously is purpose built for China, but other ships new builds could be redirected elsewhere if you see decline in returns is that fair as well?
Arnold Donald: Well, it's absolutely fair, and also Majestic Princess even though she was purpose-built for China with some modifications she'd be free to sail anywhere in the world. I mean she would fit in the Princess brand. She still fits within the Princess brand and so we do have flexibility with the ship but we don't anticipate I mean we were excited about taking Majestic to China, having the first purpose built ship there we think there's opportunity for five fly cruise as we move the ship around the Chinese they fly somewhere and then cruise on Majestic which is you know purpose built for them so we think it's going to work really well, but the reality is for some reason it didn't. She's an outstanding ship that fits in the Princess fleet and we can move her anywhere.
Assia Georgieva: Great, it's great to have that flexibility. My second question is is it fair to assume for the second half of the year that and I know it's too early, especially in terms of Q4 but given comparisons and seasonality that Q3 the cadence of the quarters will probably show a Q3 that's better than Q2 and Q4?
David Bernstein: I think it's -- we're not at this point going to give guidance on Q3 and Q4. You've got the Q1 actuals, the Q2 guidance and the full year guidance and so overall you can see what the differential is it's not that great, baked into our guidance, but we're not going to give detailed guidance by quarter.
Assia Georgieva: David, thank you for avoiding that. Again thank you so much for taking my questions.
Arnold Donald: What I can tell you the team will be working really hard to make what you say come true though.
Assia Georgieva: I'm trying at my end here, you know tracking for if you know the signs, so I'm with you. You have a great day and again thank you for taking my questions.
Arnold Donald: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That thus concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-12-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - President and CEO David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - SVP, IR
Analysts: Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Capital Markets Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities International James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc. Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup Robin Farley - UBS Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning and a heartfelt Happy Holidays everyone. Today, I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; by David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and by Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. We finished the year with another record quarter of adjusted earnings, which were $0.17 share, or 34% higher than our prior year, exceeding the midpoint of guidance by $0.10 per share and leading to the highest full year earnings in our company's history. We achieved full year 2016 adjusted earnings of $2.6 billion or $3.45 per share, that's $500 million, or 28% per share higher than last year and more than double 2013 earnings of $1.55. More importantly, we achieved return on invested capital of 9% and doubled our 2013 return on invested capital of 4.5%. We are pleased to have delivered by our shareholders doubled earnings and doubled return on invested capital in just three short years. Strong operational improvement contributed $0.55 per share to the bottom-line year-over-year, which when combined with $0.14 of accretion from our share repurchase program, enabled us to exceed the high end of our original December guidance range of $3.10 to $3.40 per share. And that's despite an $0.18 drag from fuel and currency, both moving against us. The strong results are a credit to the commitment and to the passion of our 120,000 team members, which when coupled with the support from our valued travel agent partners enabled us to overcome the significant obstacles encountered this past year, including the rare occurrence of a simultaneous negative from fuel and currency. A series of global geopolitical events in Turkey, Paris, and Brussels, as well as concerns around Zika and Brexit. It is through their collective efforts that we delivered records earnings in 2016 and are gaining momentum as we embark on 2017 with booking volumes and pricing both well ahead of the prior year. It was reinforcing to see constant currency revenue yield growth this year of roughly 4% inclusive of the previously disclosed 1% accounting change on top of the over 4% improvement achieved last year. We enjoyed ticket price improvements for both our North American and our EAA brands, with particularly robust ticket price improvements again in our core Caribbean deployment. We drove revenue yield growth by creating relative scarcity through our brand team success in increasing demand in excess of our measured capacity growth via ongoing guest experience efforts coupled with our continuing public relations efforts. In fact we recently created three original TV programs that are airing on major U.S. networks, having already reached more than 40 million viewers during the large family-oriented programming blocks. They are designed to entertain, to educate, and to engage viewers by showcasing exciting adventures, exotic cultures, beautiful ships, and popular global destinations with almost 80 original episodes. The new experiential series use compelling and authentic storytelling to share the powerful way traveled by sea connect people, places and cultures around the world, while prominently featuring each of our brands. Not only are we experiencing very high viewer ratings at number one or number two in their respective time slot. But we're also achieving even more favorable consumer perception of our brands. This successful programming comes on the heels of many impactful shows earlier this year. In the U.K. a reality-based TV series onboard Regal Princess, the cruise and P&O Cruise's [ph] battleships onboard Britannia. In Italy, Bravo Chef, onboard our Costa ships and Costa Fortuna, a major motion picture, Holidays in the Caribbean. In North America, Carnival Cruise Lines was featured on Wheel of Fortune for a full week and featured on the Ellen Degeneres Show. We have many more opportunities already in the pipeline for next year to keep cruising in the forefront of vacationers' mind including the new Celebrity Apprentice airing on NBC in February during wait season our peak booking period. All of these efforts from all consideration around the globe by primarily featuring amazing cruise experiences in our world-leading cruise lines. In fact, our brands accounted for over 70% of the industry's positive media coverage. This includes our historic voyage to Cuba where we became the first U.S. cruise operator in over 40 years to bring U.S. cruise guest directly from the U.S. to Cuba with over 55 billion very positive media impressions and paving the way for others in our industry to follow. At this time, we are proud to have more sailing scheduled to Cuba than any other major U.S. operator. Moreover our phenomenal guest experience just gets better and better each year as we continue to deliver on consumer expectations, achieving further improvement in our net promotor scores. We also introduced three new flagships in 2016, including Carnival Vista. We celebrated its U.S. arrival in November with an onboard concert by country music superstar, Carrie Underwood, supporting operation home front and witness USA herself military as the Godmother and including 700,000 military families invited as guest of honor. Carnival Vista was designed specifically for our fun loving Carnival Cruise Line guest with an onboard brewery experience, entertaining IMAX Theater and exhilarating SkyRide experience. However, America's Koningsdam christened in Rotterdam by her Majesty Queen Mxima of the Netherlands delivered the new premium experience where our guest can blend their own wine or dance the night away in our carefully engineered Music Walk showcasing Lincoln Center Stage, Billboard Onboard and B.B. Kings Blues Club. AIDAprima the first of our next generation platform resonates with AIDA newly exclusively German guest combining leading-edge environmental attributes with exceptional guest experiences, including racing waterslides, a lazy river, climbing wall, an expansive German spa, an ice rink for skating, for hockey, for curling and even a traditional Christmas market. Newbuild will provide additional demand creation opportunities in 2017 as well. Beginning with the recent delivery of Encore, for ultra-luxury brand Seabourn designed by Adam Tihany in keeping with the feel of the luxury yacht Seabourn Encore sets the new standard in ultra-luxury cruising featuring 300 elegant suites, the grill our new restaurant by three-star Michelin chef Thomas Keller and the debut of our new mindful living program with Dr. Andrew Weil. Later next year, we will welcome AIDAperla in Germany and of course, majestic Princess the first ship purpose built for Chinese cruisers demonstrating our commitment to grow the cruise industry in China which remains an embryonic market with vast untapped potential. We expect to continue to profitably grow our presence in China and throughout Asia for many years to come. When it comes to ships, newbuilds are not the only way to stimulate demand creation. We continue to invest in our existing fleets to further enhance guest experiences including the recent remastering of Cunard's Queen Mary 2 and the continual rollout of Carnival Cruise Line Fun Ship 2.0, so now over 60% of our Carnival Cruise Line fleet. On January 5th, we will kick off the year by unveiling our latest guest experience innovation at the consumer electronics show in Las Vegas. We are privileged to be the first travel company ever to be invited to provide the opening keynote address at CEF, but we will showcase using our leading edge technology offering a new option for our guest for a true breakthrough in unobtrusive high-touch and personalized travel at scale. Furthermore, we launched our new sales the odd revenue management system this next past year positioned us well to drive economic revenue yield growth all the time. The rollout of system across six of our brands and is expected to be completed by early 2018. We are already benefited from the sharing of best practices and we expect this new yield management tool to begin to facilitate yield uplift in in 2017 and even more till 2018. We continue to accelerate progress on our cost containment efforts, delivering $95 million cost savings in 2016. Thats $20 more than the $75 million included in our original 2016 guidance and bringing the cumulative savings to-date to over $190 million. We will continue on our cost containment efforts that we believe present a multiyear opportunity to further leverage our scale, including another over $75 million of savings plans 2017. In addition, we continue to make meaningful progress on our 2020 sustainability goals focusing on our environmental, safety, labor and social performance. Having already reduced our unit fuel consumption by 28% since initiating the effort. We remained committed to onboard a reduction air emission and just this year, AIDAprima became the first cruise ship in the world to be powered by environment friendly liquefied natural gas. We are committed to continue improvement in health, environmental, safety and security which is not only so critical to operate, but also for our future success. This year we introduced industry-leading short side technology to monitor real-time navigational performance and energy use across our fleet and we open our significantly expanded Arison Maritime in Netherlands delivering state-of-the-art maritime training to cutting-edge bridge and engine room simulators and curriculum. In 2016 we delivered over $5 billion of cash from operations and returned more than half to shareholders having distributed $1 billion through our annual dividend and investing our $2 billion in our ongoing share repurchase program. As the testament to the strength of our operating performance, we were able to accomplish this while also getting back our A minus and AAA credit ratings from S&P and Moody and we plans to continue to return excess cash and more to shareholders in 2017 with our credit metric at the better end of our targeted range. Now looking forward, they are large addressable market with low penetration all over the world including North America and new markets in Asia where economic growth is very discretionary income levels fueling increased demand for vacations. We are focused on growing our topline and have enormous innovations underway to faster cruise demand in the years ahead.  Our booking trends are strong heading into 2017, positioned us well for continuing growth in revenues yields. In 2017, we are projecting revenue yields up another 2.5% on top of the proper comparisons with prior year success based on our approval demand creation and yield management efforts. At the same time, we will continue to containing cost. In 2017 at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect to deliver an improvement in earnings of $0.43 per share. However, our current rate that is offset by $0.43 per share impact from fuel and currency. We remained committed to achieving increased consideration for cruise vacations and continue to invest in guest experience to create additional consumer demand and excess of measured capacity growth. We remained committed to responsibly containing cost. We remained committed to returning value to shareholders and despite the unusual current of both fuel and currency working against us at the same time we remained committed to achieving sustained double-digit return on invested capital within two years. With that I'll turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin please note all of my references to revenue ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I will start today with a summary of our 2016 fourth quarter results. Then I'll provide some insights on current booking trends and finish up with some color on our 2017 December guidance. Our adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.67; this was $0.10 above the midpoint of our September guidance. The improvement was almost all operational driven by a number of factors $0.04 came from net ticket revenue yields which benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic, while the remaining $0.06 was an accumulation of a variety of items such as improved fuel consumption and lower depreciation expense. Now let's turn to the fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased over 4%. In North American brands were up almost 3%, while the European Australia and Asian brands also known as our EAA brands were up over 6%. Our total net revenue yields were up 4.1%. Now let's break apart the two components of net revenue yields, net ticket yields were up 5.2 %, this increase was driven by North American brands deployment in the Caribbean and Alaska as well as our EAA brands deployments in Europe. That Onboard and other yields increased 1.3% in line with our guidance as our currency initiatives continue to pay dividends while our brands develop new initiatives for 2017 and beyond. Net cruise costs per ALBD excluding fuel were up 1% which was in line with our September guidance. In summary, our fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.17 higher than the prior year driven by higher net revenue yields worth $0.17 and the accretive impact of this factory repurchase program worth $0.04 both of which were partially offset by the unfavorable net impact of lower fuel prices and currency workforce. Now let's turn to 2017 booking trends. Since September both booking volumes and prices for the first three quarters of 2017 have been running well ahead of the prior year. At this point in time for the first three quarters of 2017, cumulative advance bookings are well ahead at considerably higher prices. Now, let's drill down into the cumulative book position. First, for our North American brand, Caribbean occupancy is ahead of the prior year at nicely higher prices. For Alaska, both occupancy and prices are well ahead of the prior year. If you want to go to Alaska next summer, I suggest you book early as the remaining inventory is going fast. For the seasonal Europe program, occupancy is in line with the prior year at nicely higher prices. Secondly, for our EAA brands. For European deployments, occupancy is well ahead of the prior year at nicely higher prices. For the Caribbean deployment for our EAA brands, occupancy is lower than the prior year at prices that are in line. However, prices on bookings over the last quarter are well ahead of the prior year, clearly an improving trend. Finally, I want to provide you with some color on 2017. We are forecasting a capacity increase of 2.6%. As Arnold indicated, our booking trends are strong heading into 2017 positioning us well for continued growth in revenue yields. For 2017, we are projecting net revenue yields up approximately 2.5% on top of the tougher comparison from our prior year success. For the full year, we're expecting to see yield improvement in almost all itineraries. Now turning to cost. Net cruise cost without fuel per ALBD are expected to be up approximately 1% for 2017. Broadly speaking there are three major drivers of the cost change. First, our forecasted for 1.5 points of inflation across all of our categories globally. Second, we are planning for an increase of dry dock days from 366 days in 2016 to nearly 450 in 2017, impacting our cost metrics by a 0.5 point. As we have indicated on previous conference calls, the dry dock days will vary each year, but probably average around 450 to 475 days given the current size of our fleet. Partially offsetting these two items, we are forecasting about a point of cost saving benefit as we further leverage our scale. Given the volatility of fuel prices and FX rates over the past year, the 2017 year-over-year impact is an unfavorable $0.43 with both fuel and currency moving against us; $0.27 for fuel prices including the impact of fuel derivative and $0.16 for currency. Putting all these factors together, our adjusted EPS guidance for 2017 is $3.30 to $3.60 versus the $3.45 we did in 2016. I'll finish up by sharing with you our current rules of thumb about the impact that currency and fuel prices can have on our 2017 results. To start with a 10% change in all relevant currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would impact our P&L by approximately $0.34 for the full year and $0.04 for the first quarter, fuel price changes a 10% change in the current spot price represent a $0.17 impact for the full year and $0.04 for the first quarter. Fuel expense in our guidance is $1.2 billion for the full-year. The third rule of thumb relates to our fuel derivative portfolio. A 10% change in rent would result in a $0.06 change in realized losses on fuel derivatives for the full year and $0.01 for the first quarter. And now I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. And now operator let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, good morning guys. So, could you -- if you look at your yield guidance for next year of basically 2.5%, could you give a little more color and break that down in terms of what you guys are looking for both on the price and the -- the new onboard side as well?
Arnold Donald: Directionally, onboard with the comparable in terms of percent change year-to-year and comparable to prior year.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. And then second question around the -- your booked position, you said you're in a better position at this point for 2017 than you were for this point in -- for 2016. Can you give a little more color on that? and maybe give a little bit more color into some of your geographies as well next year specifically talk about what you're seeing with some China even though it is a pretty short booking window?
Arnold Donald: Yes, I'd say with China, things are looking great, but as you know its a B2B business. And -- but we feel very comfortable in China. We obviously, ended up with good returns this year. We're expecting good returns again next year. But things are very positive. But it is B2B, so we feel we have additional charters and sub-charters to complete and we have this -- see the year through. Dave you want to add?
David Bernstein: Yes, overall, Steve I went through in my notes all the different areas of the globe, both for the North American brands as well as the EAA brands. Arnold touched on China. Remember China is a late booking market and as a result of that it is early, and Australia which I didn't mention, we are in good shape in Australia as well. It is a small piece of our business, not nearly as large as the other piece that I mentioned. So, overall booking trends are good and we're very encouraged.
Arnold Donald: And that's across the Board Steve.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. So, have you looked at your booked position for the full company right now versus where it was last year, it's -- would you use the word significantly ahead?
David Bernstein: What we said the overall book position and our is well ahead at considerably higher prices.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, got you. Thanks a lot guys.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, just to kind of stay and how you are thinking about the globe and your -- and how you are going to -- how you could perform next year. Obviously, the outlook on the Caribbean is positive, but we -- despite you and some of your competitors and travel agents, also talking about the Caribbean looking positive for next year, there still seems to be concern about some of the supply increases particularly in the second and third quarter. So I was just wondering if you could address the demand that you're seeing in the Caribbean despite the increased supply and why you're so confident that you'll see growth there next year.
Arnold Donald: Sure. Good morning Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: Morning.
Arnold Donald: Yes, I guess the industry capacity of all is going to be up 6% next year in the Caribbean and we're going to be up 5% roughly. But again, we actually have less inventory to book now than we did this point in time last year. So, we feel very strong at this point. We still have to get through wave season, it's still early. But things are looking very positive. And all of our indicators -- our brands have done a great job of creating demand, especially on Carnival brand continue to outperform the Caribbean and did again this year. For us, we have added some new capacity, primarily in the form the Carnival Vista. The ship is spectacular. She is going to command premium yields and premium booking position and have demonstrated that already. So, we are very confidence. The other good news is we have a large base, especially in Carnival brand. Previous cruise scores that will introduce our new ship because we don't tend to it every year. We have a large base of previous cruisers set to book with us. So, our the pendent on cruise while we still need new recruits is not over-weighted. So, we feel very confident at this point based on what we see in the Caribbean.
Felicia Hendrix: Thanks. And Arnold while I have you, I thought your comment and you're committed to returning double-digit ROIC within the next two years despite the current FX and fuel headwinds was impressive. So, just wondering if you could help us understand maybe somethings that you would be doing beyond your already identified cost savings to ensure that goal?
Arnold Donald: Yes. No, absolutely. I think first of all, it is a headwind that have obviously currency and few -- both move against U.S. at the same time which has rarely have ever happened before. And it's happening with a pretty significant impact obviously. But said that we also have a lot of momentum on a number of fronts. Not just in cost and payment, but in driving yield and then with some small capacity addition that helps us as well. But we had multiple pass all along. When we declared double-digit, fuel prices were much higher than they were the last few years and we are now looking at next year at basically being on balance net of fuel in currency where we were when we declared double-digit returns as capital. So, we have no reason to back off from that goal. We have multiple pathways including obviously increased yields, but also in terms of managing more efficiently. Then all the tools we have in place. We have new management tool in place that will begin to kick-in and we'll see the full effect on about half of our brands by 2018. We've done a lot of work and the brands have in creating additional demand. We have a lot more cruise scores in our base of previous cruise scores. We have much more collaboration and coordination communication across our brands to not only contain cost, to help us manage cost as you see reflected in the cost guidance, but also frankly to share best practices and drive yield further. So, we have a number of things in place. We have a lot of momentum and we are committed and we will deliver.
Felicia Hendrix: Thanks. And then just finally housekeeping, Beth, I was just -- Beth, can you give us the D&A and interest expense guidance for the first quarter and -- of 2017 and the full year of 2017 and the quarterly capacity increases?
Beth Roberts: Interest is running about $50 million a quarter, $200 million for the year that's net of capitalized, net of income. Depreciation is running $450 million in the first quarter, $1.850 billion for the year. And quarterly derivative are running $47 million in first quarter, $185 million for the year, that's the realized derivative. And the quarterly capacity projections are 4% for the first quarter, 3.6% for the second, 1.2% for the third, 2.5% -- 2% even for the fourth quarter for 2.5% on the year.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Tim Conder: Thank you. A couple of here Beth, first of all, a little more color backing -- it's been hit on the first two questions here, the geographic color. David you talked about the European occupancy for the EAA brands as well ahead at nicely higher prices that. Can you break that down a little bit between med and X-Men and then and then just -- again sort of recap in your and your thought process on the EAA brands looking into the Caribbean?
David Bernstein: Yes. The -- hang on one second; let me get the details for the EAA brands.
Arnold Donald: While he is looking the overall position next year and Med for the industry, it's going to be pretty good, because basically there will be a probably half of the reduction in Med next year. Go ahead David.
David Bernstein: Yes. Overall, the comment, did you break it down. It's very similar for both markets as I mentioned for the year occupancy is well ahead and the prices are nicely higher for both Med as well as North American for the EAA brands.
Tim Conder: Okay. It sounded fairly similar year-over-year the north.
David Bernstein: The EAA and the Caribbean I had indicated was I could see was lower than the prior year, prices that are in line.
Tim Conder: Okay. And it sounded similar also some more breakdown color for the North American brands, both Med and outside of the Med.
David Bernstein: At this point in time for the North American brands, the Med with the reduced occupancy in the Med, the pricing in the Med seems to be doing much better into Northern Europe in terms of being up more than Northern Europe.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then gentlemen just given your overall commentary about that the higher booked occupancy and pricing, would -- should we anticipate -- grant the wave is important, but should we anticipate that you obviously won't need as much bookings during wave on a year-over-year basis all else equal in the same trajectory at this point?
David Bernstein: We have less to sell, as Arnold indicated, than we did at this time last year despite the capacity increase. So, clearly, it's a zero-sum game and we can only book so much, we only have so much capacity, so we do need less during wave and the remainder of the year for 2017 and we'll be looking to push pricing up and try to continue to do better than our guidance.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then lastly I know it's less than 24 hours, but it's been kind of quiet thankfully on the terrorist incidents front, but the incident yesterday in Germany, less than 24 hours, just any very early feedback indications from that? I know kind of ebbs and flows for a week after an event, but any thoughts there?
Arnold Donald: Just general comments. We had a couple of incidents I guess, the German situation and the situation in Turkey. But the reality is that we weathered those storms for the past several years and as long as the world continues in the general state it is, people have chosen to continue to travel and long as people travel, we're going to be in good shape. If things were ever to obviously get exacerbated and people were afraid to travel than we'll have a challenge, but that has not happened recent times with all the various incidents that have occurred and so we have no reason at this point in time to have a higher level of concern.
Tim Conder: Thank you all. Happy Holidays and congratulations again on a great 2016.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you. Happy Holidays to you too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Harry Curtis, Nomura Instinet. Please proceed.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good morning everyone. I wanted to focus on next year's free cash flow. The first question is, is there any repurchase of shares baked into your 2017 earnings guidance? And is there any -- or to what degree have you built in any uplift from your new revenue management system into the 2017 guidance?
Arnold Donald: Okay. Concerning stock repurchase, right know we have about $400 million remaining on the current amount we have designated for that. We will continue to buy back on optimistic basis. And we'll see if we get through that amount over the next period of time and the Board will revisit and see what will be the next step investment because this is clearly the Board decision. So, that's the basic story on that. We do it optimistically, so we don't have a plan per se in terms of factored into guidance. What was the second part of your question?
Harry Curtis: Well, I wanted to see if the revenue management system was also baked into your yield guidance for next year.
Arnold Donald: It is. We only have about 30% of the inventory for the six brands that have the new tool. Currently we manage because obviously we're well ahead on booking, so it's only effect so much of 2017, but by 2018, we'll have the full impact for the inventory in those six brands. But we already benefited somewhat from the sharing the best practices across the brands and the development of the two and the sharing of what they do. So, the answer is yes, it is factored in as one of many factors that contribute yield.
David Bernstein: And Harry -- go ahead.
Harry Curtis: And my -- yes, go ahead, sorry David.
David Bernstein: You asked about cash flow for 2017, at the midpoint of our guidance, the cash flow from operation should be close to the $5 billion mark. We do have about $3 billion in CapEx for 2017. So, we do have roughly $2 billion of free cash flow. Our existing dividend is close to $1 billion, so we do have some extra money over and above the dividend to return to shareholders as well as we have some room in our credit metrics to continue to potentially increase that and return free cash flow more to shareholders.
Arnold Donald: You know
Harry Curtis: For 2017, go ahead.
Arnold Donald: No, you go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Just where I was going with this is I'm just trying to get a sense of if your share repurchase appetite in 2017 could be as strong as it was in 2016?
Arnold Donald: That's going to be board decision as I mentioned we have above $400 million left and we will continue to buy as we have in the past.
Harry Curtis: Okay, I will keep trying.
Arnold Donald: What I can tell you Harry little color on your other question on the revenue management system is obviously we just put in place and there will be continuous learning so we think overtime contribution from another team absolutely love working with the two.
Harry Curtis: Very good. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed.
James Hardiman: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my call. I hope you can give us a little bit more color on the Cuba you had made the announcement that the fathom is transitioning back to P&O, I guess what does that mean for the impact travel experiment and then I guess what happens next, I dont think, we've gotten an official announcement in terms of the other Brand and when and how many will be going to Cuba, but we are hoping to get an update there?
Arnold Donald: Good morning, James. Happy Holidays. So first of all, were going to Cuba again we are really privileged that we were the first in doing -- pave the way for the rest of the industry we still as I mention in the opening remarks or have more calls to Cuba than any other major U.S. Cruise Company. So we feel very good about our position in Cuba. Along with everyone else, we submitted our request for additional sailing through beginning of June period and thereafter as just the planning cycle in Cuba and we are in a process of receiving the authorizations from Cuba as we speak here now about that. But we have every intention of cruising to Cuba we have expectation one or more of our brands will be approved from June time period on until May s I mentioned we have more sailing team than anyone else. In terms of the Fathom, Adonia was basically a sort of internal charter on the brand charter to just average to concept and so obviously its position us to introduce in Cuba and we are going to probably  we are going to go with larger ships and multiple brands in Cuba with regard to the DR we are also going with multiple brands for Fathom, so Fathom is being expanded across the number of brands in DR. The only ground experienced have resonated greatly with the guest and we will take some of the onboard supplement don't you and travel on to the other brands but emphasis of course is the on the ground experiences in DR and continue to have the opportunity for travelers they have that travel experience and for DR to reap the benefits of the impact of having those travels working alongside impact clear as already in the DR they are doing great work.
James Hardiman: Great. And one of the same lines remind us why the first quarter trend looks to be short of the fiscal full year trend fiscal 2017 trend, I think its 1.5% to 2.5% for the first quarter versus 2.5% for the year, I dont know if that has anything to do with Cuba or even if Cuba is factored into your yield guidance in any way?
Arnold Donald: Its nothing to do with Cuba, go ahead David.
David Bernstein: Yes, its just mid-point for the first quarter is 2% versus 2.5% approximately for the year. The first quarter had tougher comparisons in the prior year but keep in mind were only talking about a 0.5% here and so we give your best guess for each and every member.
James Hardiman: Great. And I guess just lastly just want to still go back to China obviously you made it pretty clear that China is more about generating positive returns and yields but it's early, maybe just directionally do you think the yields are going to be down again for 2017, is there even a chance that they could grow? And I guess what are the contributing factors there are obviously capacity in China is to be much more manageable in 2017 versus 2016. Seems that you guys are pretty bullish about the improvement in your distribution, but how should I think about that?
Arnold Donald: Well, First of all, you touched on couple of other points there. We have expanded distribution that improves the B2B aspect of what we are doing there. But we're going to have tougher comparisons in the first half of the year in China with yields and so based on what happened in the last half of the year, you might expect yields to be down in the first half of the year comparison basis, but then your expectations are that it will be up in the second half of the year. So, on balance will see wetlands but China for us is a volume growth story, its a return story. The yield that we have experienced this past year are certainly still generating good returns we see possibility for increasing yields, but our focus again is continuing high-level occupancy that we have, continue delivering a great experience the Chinese guests to be in positions to expand.
James Hardiman: Great. Thanks, guys and Happy Holidays.
Arnold Donald: Happy Holidays.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Jaime Katz: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So it seems like you guys are about to launch some sort of new technology initiative at CES and I'm curious given on that CapEx is a little bit higher than we originally anticipated next year, is there is there any sort of level of CapEx associated with whatever new initiatives you guys are going to launch or is there any sort of multiyear costs that we should be thinking about going forward?
Arnold Donald: Yes. Thanks, Jamie for the question. First of all, the capital is been employed in that initiative is kind of part of low level 3% to 5% of our total capital spending that we look at basically research and development innovation. And so we have invested along the way all this time, as we delivered the earnings we delivered in that manner to position us and have the opportunity to introduce this particular -- truly its a guest experience its driven by technology, but the technology obviously to the guest will be invisible and we're excited about the potential. The guest ultimately will decide and we're prepared, but fundamentally for your planning purpose, we look at 3% to 5% level of innovation and research and development investment in capital and we feel that is appropriate for company of our scale and it gives us plenty of dollars to try to create breakthroughs which we think obviously this current introduction that will be reviewed -- revealed on January 5th.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then I think yesterday you guys put out press release saying that new ship in 2019 would be going to Carnival was originally planned to go to maybe P&O Cruises Australia, I am recalling correctly, so I'm curious if there are any new conclusions surrounding the Australian market on given that you're moving the new hardware back to that Caribbean which has clearly been performing very well?
Arnold Donald: Australia remains a big growth market for our cruise growing 20% so I dont know how many years 10 years plus. So, it was a very strong cruise market. When we make decisions like that, you just have to keep in mind, it's very holistic. There are a gazillion variables that go into play. One obviously Carnival Brand is doing very, very well here in this States, but also we have multiple home ports in the U.S. We distribute fleet around U.S. for Carnival and certain places takes certain ships, certain places kind of certain size ships and so on. And balancing all that out makes the difference. And similarly to in Australia, certain size ships can fit and when we look at the destinations, but we've had so much success with Carnival, we're looking at expanding the opportunity for Carnival brand while at the same time, still giving really guest-ready and guest-preferred hard well in Australia market. So, there's only so many shipyards, we've only built so many ships a year and we have to allocate things and we're always trying to optimize. But it's holistic decision involving a lot of variables, deployment, itinerary, relative yield contribution, a number of things.
Jaime Katz: Thanks.
David Bernstein: And the second part we announced was the Carnival Splendor moving to P&O Australia. So, we are continuing to grow that brand within Australia.
Jaime Katz: Thank you guys. Happy holidays.
Arnold Donald: Hey, Happy Holidays.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Greg Badishkanian: Great. Thanks. So, just to kind of follow-on to James' question on China. It kind of sounded like net yields for full year 2017 would maybe around flattish year-over-year, at least not far off from flat year-over-year either way. Is that correct? And then also how much of the China business is locked in at this point for 2017?
Arnold Donald: Yes. So, just remember that China represents even with increased next an introduction of the Majestic Princess first built ship for China and our Princess line will introduce, will represent less than 6% of our capacity. So, just keep that in mind. We'll see where yields end up, okay. Again, its a B2B business and in terms of guidance, of course, we put it in, we don't give brand-by-brand and total geography-by-geography yield. So, I won't do it for China either. But we're giving you good description I think of once you kind of get that. The message we like you guys to hear clearly is that is return under the business and with all the concerns we expressed this year on China as well as concerns expressed in lots of other areas and whatnot. You can see what we're able to deliver and ultimate results. We're very, very bullish on China long-term. We have great partners and CSSC and we -- our relationship there is growing stronger and stronger. We're moving forward together to help build longstanding sustainable cruise industry in China, which has been declared in the five-year plan by the Chinese government. So, we're bullish, but its a slow walk. We can only send so many ships and so on and so we feel really confident overall.
David Bernstein: And the second part of the question, you had asked about where we stand in China. Given the historical averages where we booked and give or take generally speaking we start the year roughly about half book, but I did indicate before that China is a much later booking market, every country is different. And so they are closer in booking market less than that overall.
Greg Badishkanian: Right. All right. And then that all makes sense, thank you. And then the North American passengers going to Europe, I know that's still small part of your overall mix in Europe for itineraries in Europe its only about 10% that you source from North America but with the broad strength that we've seen, could that have a significant impact and benefit for you if that continues and I understand that the attack in Germany may have a negative impact, but it does seem like that the trend is -- has been pretty strong recently?
Arnold Donald: The trends have been positive overall, but we have to redo a number of itineraries along the way that has cost us in terms of opportunity in 2016. But that is all part of our business and so again on balance, we give guidance the numbers we feel are reasonable. We know the world is a volatile place and so we factor that into everything we do. But sure, anything that's positive, in end obviously helps us and the North American brands have a number of itineraries plan in Europe and our guests are looking forward to them and we're looking forward to get capturing the value for them.
Greg Badishkanian: Yes, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: Great. Most of my questions have been asked, just kind of one or two follow-ups. Just wanted to clarify on Cuba, what is in your yield guidance your EPS guidance for the year in terms of Cuba, is it just an expectation that one ship not yet specified will continue to operate there from May till the end of the year or does that include perhaps more than that?
Arnold Donald: Yes, so Robin, first of all good morning to you and I'm a little surprised, you're usually much earlier in the calls on your questions.
Robin Farley: I don't know what happened. I'm not sure what happened either.
Arnold Donald: But I'm concerned in Cuba, look, today we have down years 700 passenger ship. So, the reality is you can barely find the numbers. But even though the ship is getting a premium price and is selling out and so on. And so as you look at it, again, Cuba will be slow expansion and so we'll have additional itineraries going there, so will have more than one brand once we get the final approvals from the Cuban authorities. But they have constraints in the number of birds and the size of the birds and what size ships you can get and so on. So, financially, to be candid with you is important and the margin is certainly important for the brands. But the most important thing is positioning for the longer haul and positioning to lift overall demand and interest in the Caribbean and ultimately because of that create additional opportunity for capturing more of the value through increase on yields. And so Cuba is a longer term play, but you have to build it today and that's what we're doing. But in terms of the financial impact on the corporation, you couldnt find it probably.
Robin Farley: Okay, that's helpful. And then on China and I know that obviously its early to -- and you don't want to give a specific yield guidance for the market, but just on your comment that it's -- the returns will continue to be positive, I don't know what you indicated whether returns would grow or just that they would be positive or more -- other brands. Because my questions with the Majestic going there, I think that's your first newbuild for that market and so would be a higher investment per person than the other tonnage that you have there. So, it's fair to assume right that that ship is getting a price premium to your other capacity in China. So, I guess that's why I'm surprised that that you wouldnt feel comfortable same positive yields for the years just given that if returns would to continue to be what they are given that new ship?
Arnold Donald: Well, again, you got to look at the holistic, there is a lot going on there. You got first of all, different course, different seasons. We're one of the few companies that commit a year around, so the Tianjin market is different, the Shanghai market so on and so forth. So, there's a lots of things that moving that, but here is the real answer fundamental, I don't know I answer your question. Yes, we expect returns overall to be better in 2017 than they were in 2016 and returns have grown reasonably consistently in China. The most important thing for us is the way we do deployment. We know that the returns are better than what the deployments would have generate for us and that's the key for us and operating, so overall we're lifting our overall performance. But it does represent 5% of our capacity. So, it did in 2016 and little bit less than 6% in 2017. So, as we move forward, we're looking at building that market, but we're doing in a way where as we grow it, we're seeing higher returns than we would have seen otherwise. And there's a natural constraint on the pace of growth because we have large addressable markets everywhere in the world that are underpenetrated, everywhere in the world, including in North America. And so we can't send all the ships to China and we need new additional capacity in the other places in the world to optimize the ultimate yield and bottom-line return.
David Bernstein: And remember Robin Majestic gets to China in July, so that's consistent with the comments made -- Arnold made about the first half versus the second half.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. No, that's helpful. Thanks. I mean our channel check show a really nice -- strong premium for Majestic. But I understand that you don't want to commit to anything but, thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, Robin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Jared Shojaian: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. David you indicated that about half of your 2017 capacity is booked at this point. So, my question is what kind of pricing do you need to see on the other half that's not yet booked in order to hit your 2.5% yield guidance? Is it possible that pricing could be down to get to 2.5%, is that your expectation?
David Bernstein: First of all, I didnt say that exactly half was booked; I said generally speaking that the historical average give or take we enter the year approximately half booked. I wasnt trying to give you an exact number. I was just trying to do that relative to China being less than that. So, our pricing is up at this point and we do continue to expect to see pricing continue to be up in the rest of the year and finished the year on an overall basis as we say approximately 2.5%.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. And then just ask that a little bit differently, I mean you've indicated that you're in a better booked position today than you were at this time last year and then you also get the mixed benefit on yield from Seabourn Encore and maybe even get some benefit on -- from the yield management system. So, I guess why is your yield guidance 2.5% when you did 3% this year if you take out the accounting re-class. Are there -- just any headwinds that maybe I'm not appreciating or -- you just looking at this for more of a conservative approach given some of the issues that we felt throughout 2016 for the industry?
Arnold Donald: If you were to take the accounting re-class out as you referenced and looked at the guidance we gave this time last year, you'll see our guidance is actually stronger this year at this time than it was last year. Keep in mind, we havent gotten away season yet. We know the world is a volatile place; we just talked about it and -- even things that happened yesterday. So, we give you our best guidance realizing that the world is full of things - it's full of typhoons and cyclones and hurricane and is filled with unexpected things like Brexit or Zika or whatever. And so we give you the guidance as we did last year and if you look at it, you would say okay they are giving stronger guidance this year at this point time than they did last year, which reflects the difference and the difference is last year were hit on booking as lower price this point in time, now we're had bookings with higher prices at this time. And so you'll see us give a little strong yield guidance. Now, keep in mind also, you're coming off a higher base. The comparisons are getting tougher and tougher as we grow yields. In the end people take money to the bank not percentages, right. And so the absolute dollar increase I guess so you have to look at all that too. But bottom-line is we're confident, we -- at this point in time with the qualifiers that we haven't gotten away. The world is a strange and mysterious place and it's volatile, but factoring that in and it's been volatile the last many years and we've been delivering and that's our intention for 2017 as well.
Jared Shojaian: Great. Thank you. And if I can just squeeze one more quick one in, would you characterize the demand environment today as being better than what it was two, three months ago?
Arnold Donald: The demand environment, you mean from consumers and general or from potential guests. I would say that two or three months ago, that's a good question. I would say this. Our brands continue to do an outstanding job of exceeding guest expectations when the guests are onboard and they continue to do an outstanding job of creating more demand for their particular targeted segments. And our public relations more broadly has done a good job of providing an umbrella effect of getting people to increasingly consider cruise when they are thinking about vacation holidays. The last two to three months were global business. Every year there is a recession somewhere or this or that or whatever and if you would talk in globally for our business, I could not say that the last two or three months I see a change in global consumer attitudes or anything like that consistently. What I can say is we definitely see strength and we've seen strength for a while that we're building on that and taking advantage of it.
Jared Shojaian: Great. Thank you very much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
David Bernstein: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [Indiscernible] with Infiniti Research. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I'm the lucky one. Congratulations on yet another great quarter. I have kind of lost track of all the sequential beads quarter versus guidance. And that I had one quick question given that comparisons get little bit for in Q2 of next year and now for Q4 2017 given the great result that you just reported, could you qualitatively discuss the cadence of yield that you expect? You discussed China, but again, that's a small piece of the overall puzzle. So, Arnold or David, if you could just give us some sort of a direction as to the curve?
David Bernstein: That's a very hard. There's so many moving parts and so many moving pieces particularly when you get out to the fourth quarter where we have a very small -- relatively a very small percentage book. So, we give you our best guess for the year, we give you our best guess for the next quarter. It's fair to say that given the two numbers, the remaining three quarters of the year is above the 2.5% because we have 2% for the first quarter. And at this point in time that is about as much information as we can give.
Unidentified Analyst: It's just difficult for the rest of us and we have even less information than you guys. So, I was sneaking that maybe its a bell curve that's all I was hoping for. Arnold, since you're laughing can you say yes?
Arnold Donald: I can't say yes to a bell curve. I wish things were that orderly, but they are not. But thank you for your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, I appreciate that. Thank you again for taking my call.
Arnold Donald: As you say. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Hey everyone, a sincere Happy Holidays. Thanks for your continued interest. We will obviously as always -- our people will work very hard to exceed the expectations we put in place and we hope everyone has a safe and wonderful holiday. And I hope some of you are taking a cruise.
David Bernstein: Happy Holidays.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-09-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - President and CEO Micky Arison - Chairman David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - SVP, IR
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Jaime Katz  Morningstar Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Harry Curtis - Nomura Capital David Beckel - Bernstein Research Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Today, I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; by David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and by Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. Despite a series of geopolitical events that unfolded as the year progressed, including Turkey, Paris, and Brussels, despite heightened concerns around Zika, around Brexit and around China, despite fuel and currency both working against us resulting in an $0.18 drag from our initial 2016 guidance, we have exceeded the high end of our quarterly guidance and we are raising our expectations for the year. This quarter, we delivered the highest quality earnings in Carnival Corporations history, with record net income of over $1.4 billion, $0.17 per share higher than the prior year exceeding the high end of our guidance and $0.07 above the midpoint. Despite the numerous headwinds, we are well on track to achieve our new guidance midpoint for full year adjusted earnings per share of $3.35, more than doubling our 2013 earnings of $1.55 per share. More importantly, our return on invested capital will also nearly double from 4.6% to 8.8% over that same time period. These strong results could not happen without the hard work of our 120,000 passionate employees and without the strong support of our travel agent partners. Looking forward, our booking trends are strong heading into 2017 with higher occupancy levels at higher prices, building momentum for continued earnings growth. Our record results and favorable booking trends reflect our ongoing efforts to create demand in excess of measured capacity growth, together with the benefits of leveraging our scale. Our world leading cruise lines continue to outperform, particularly in the Caribbean with continued strength in close-in pricing. Moreover, all of our major brands in North America and Europe experienced net revenue yield improvements despite the geopolitical environment in Europe. Europe is our single largest deployment in the third quarter at 45% of our total capacity.  Now, there has certainly been a lot of noise around China, so Im going to spend a little extra time on China in my comments now. First, China is a profitable market for us. Our ships operating in China optimize our overall brand performances. As weve previously indicated, China is a unit growth opportunity, and we expect the yield to be down as the distribution system improves its ability to service the growing market there. To demonstrate our commitment to grow the industry in China, we have factored into our results and into our guidance, potential adjustments to our contracted prices in support of our distribution partners. The distributors are gaining experience translating pent up consumer demand for cruising into sustainable market pricing, and we certainly want to help them as they adapt to a rapidly growing market.  Again, even with those adjustments, we are raising our guidance for the year, affirming that we can manage ups and downs in this embryonic market. As we previously pointed out, China represents just 5% of our capacity, and even with capacity growth well above our global average, it will remain a relatively small percentage of our total business. We continue to expect china to be a growth market, especially since the growth in the cruise industry is backed by the Chinese government as is evidenced by its inclusion in the current 5 year plan. We will participate in this growth. We have 16 marketing offices in China in 2016. Thats up from just 8 in 2015. We plan to open 4 more offices and to significantly expand our distribution network in 2017.  Also in 2017, the brand new majestic Princess will enter as the first purpose built ship for the Chinese market. Our capacity growth in China is expected to be 26% next year compared to 66% this year. Industrywide growth in china is expected to be 31% in 2017 compared to 100% this year. Those numbers sound big, but keep in mind that the large year-over-year percentage increase is over a very small base. So these growth rates are directionally equivalent to adding less than one 3,000-berth vessels to our China fleet and roughly two 4,000-berth vessels to the industry fleet overall in 2017 in China. Regardless of the rate of growth in China, we are firmly committed to overall measured capacity growth and fully capable of managing the sustainable double-digit returns on invested capital.  Concerning new builds, our most recent announcement included 3 new ship orders for 2021 and 2022, our first orders for those years. Before 2020, theres been no change in capacity from previous announcements. To optimize deployment, however, we have reallocated the new builds among our brands. Over the next four years, three ships are planned to be purpose-built for Asia, our fastest growing region, which is still in its earliest stage of development. At an average of roughly three ships per year, well be spread across all our established markets. In fact, we have a very measured capacity environment during this time at the brand level, with two ships each for our North American brand Carnival Cruise Lines, our global brand Princess, our luxury brand Seabourn, and our German brand AIDA. Effectively, one ship every other year for those brands. In addition, over the same four-year period, we will deliver just one ship each for Holland America lines, Costa in southern Europe, P&O in the UK, and P&O in Australia.  And during this, time we will continue removing ships from our fleet. In fact, the number of berths that are eligible for removal will more than double by 2020, and more than double again by 2024. Given this potential replacement cycle increase, we expect that a greater portion of our new build capacity will actually replace older, less efficient ships. As in the past, we will sell ships into secondary markets that do not compete directly with our brand. Within those secondary markets, there are older ships operating today that will soon reach retirement age and need to be replaced. We expect our net capacity growth through 2020 to be 3% to 4% compounded annually, consisting of double digit growth in Asia and obviously 3% or less growth in our established markets in North America, Europe, and Australia.  Meanwhile, we continue our efforts to create demand in excess of measured capacity growth. We have stepped up our aggressive public relations efforts with three innovative 30-minute programs airing weekly on ABC, NBC, and CW, every Saturday morning beginning in October. Each program showcases our brands creating amazing vacation experiences that are designed to expand the audience for cruising, by providing increased consideration and at the same time, changing perceptions by dispelling the myths of cruising with compelling original content. We're excited by the prospect of connecting people, places, and cultures across the world to create unforgettable experiences. Collectively, these programs provide an hour and a half of content per week, with over 150 scheduled airings and an annual expected viewership well in excess of 150 million people. And we have further innovations on horizon that will be unveiled in January of 2017, designed to further enhance our already great guest experiences. Additionally, we launched the initial phase of our yield management system this quarter, helping us drive incremental revenue yield over time. We are currently market testing across six brands for a portion of the inventory to refine algorithms. The full rollout will be completed by late next year. Although we have already benefited from the sharing of best practices, we expect this new yield management technology to contribute in 2017, and even more so in 2018.  We also continue to make progress on our cost containment efforts, and remain on track for more than $75 million of cost savings this year. In summary, we are committed to measured capacity growth, currently planned at less than 3% in the established markets. Our brands are differentiating themselves in the market, and delivering fantastic vacations for our guests, as evidenced by our strong yield performance. We continue to build demand for cruise and continue to aggressively contain costs, while still investing in enhanced guest experience and demand creation. We are improving our capability to extract yield in any environment through enhanced revenue management tools.  Moreover, we remain committed to returning value to shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased another $700 million of Carnival stock through our ongoing buyback program. In the last year, we have invested nearly $2.5 billion to buy back over 50 million shares of our company stock, demonstrating conviction in our ability to execute and achieve sustainable double digit returns on invested capital.  With that, Id like to turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. Ill start today with a summary of our 2016 third quarter results. Then Ill provide an update on our full year 2016 guidance, and then I'll finish up with some insights on 2017 booking trends and a few other items to note for 2017.  Our record adjusted EPS for the third quarter was $1.92. This was $0.07 above the midpoint of our June guidance. The improvement was driven by a number of factors. First, $0.02 from net revenue yields, which benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings at our North American brands. Second, $0.02 from lower net cruise costs excluding fuel, as a result of timing of certain expenses between the quarters. Third, a penny from the favorable net impact of fuel prices in currency versus our June guidance rates. And fourth, a penny from the accretive impact of the shares we repurchased since the last earnings call.  Now let's turn to the third quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 4%. The North American brands were up over 2%, while our European, Australia, and Asian brands, also known as our EAA brands, were up over 6%.  Our total net revenue yields were up 2.7%. Now lets break apart the two components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were up 3.1%. This increase was driven by our North American brands deployment in the Caribbean, Alaska and Europe, as well as our EAA brands deployment in Europe. These net ticket yield increases were partially offset by yield reductions in Australia, driven by large industry capacity increases in a highly penetrated market, as well as yield reductions in Asia, where distributors are gaining experience growing the market. The majority of these yield reductions were anticipated in our initial 2016 yield guidance provided during our December earnings call.  After eight straight quarters of mid to high single digit yield increases, our net on board and other yields increased 1.3%, over much tougher comparables from the third quarter 2015, as our current initiatives continue to pay dividends, while our brands develop new initiatives for 2017 and beyond.  Net cruise cost per ALBD excluding fuel, were up 5%, driven by the timing of advertising expenses, and the remastering of Queen Mary 2 in dry dock as discussed on our last earnings call. This was about a point improvement versus what was planned in our June guidance. But again, this was due to the timing of expenses between the quarters.  In summary, our third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.17 higher than the prior year, driven by three things. One, operational improvements worth $0.05 despite the high net cruise cost seasonalization in the third quarter. Two, the favorable net impact of fuel prices in currency were $0.02. And three, share buyback accretion worth $0.10. As Arnold indicated, since the beginning of the third quarter, we repurchased over $700 million of our shares for a total, since late last year, of over 50 million shares at nearly $2.5 billion of buybacks. At this point in time, we have approximately $500 million remaining on the $3 billion stock buyback authorization. Our September guidance EPS calculations assumes shares repurchase through last week. For the full year, the calculations assumed 748 million shares outstanding on a weighted average basis, while the fourth quarter calculations assumed 730 shares outstanding.  Next, I want to provide you with an update on our full year 2016 guidance. As Arnold indicated, we are well on track for achieving adjusted EPS of $3.35, which is the midpoint of our 2016 September guidance range of $3.33 to $3.37. The $0.05 improvement compared to the midpoint of our June guidance was essentially driven by two things. Improved net revenue yields worth $0.03, $0.02 of which we achieved in the third quarter and an additional penny we expect to achieve in net ticket revenues during the fourth quarter. And $0.02 from the accretive impact of additional shares repurchased since our June conference call.  Now let's turn to 2017 booking trends. Since June, bookings for the first half of 2017 have been at significantly higher prices, with bookings volumes lower than the prior year, as there is less inventory remaining for sale. At this point in time, for the first half of 2017, cumulative advance bookings are ahead at considerably higher prices.  Drilling down into the cumulative book position, first, for our North American brands. Caribbean occupancy is well ahead of the prior year at nicely higher prices. For all other deployments, occupancy is ahead of the prior year at higher prices. Secondly for our EAA brands. For Europe deployments, occupancy is well ahead of the prior year at slightly higher prices. For the Caribbean deployment for our EAA brands, occupancy is in line with the prior year at slightly lower prices. However, prices on these bookings over the last quarter are well ahead of the prior year, clearly an improving trend. For Asia, occupancy is in line with the prior year at nicely higher prices. And for Australia, occupancy is also well ahead of the prior year at prices that are in line. However, prices on the bookings over s last quarter are well ahead of the prior year, also clearly an improving trend.  And finally, a few other items to note for 2017. We are forecasting a capacity increase of 2.5%. We are planning for an increase in dry dock days from approximately 380 in 2016, to 470 in 2017. Remember, we did benefit in 2016 from lower dry dock days, compared to the 563 days we had in 2015. As we have indicated on previous conference calls, the dry dock days will vary each year, but probably average around 450 to 475 days given the current size of our fleet. As we indicated last year, given the amount of CapEx reinvestment in the existing vessels, and other areas of our business to drive yield improvement, we do expect depreciation expense to increase percentage wise, more than capacity and currently expect depreciation expense to be around $1.9 billion for 2017.  Given the volatility of fuel prices and FX rates over the last year, we wanted to share with you the year over year impact that these items would have on our 2017 results, if we used current fuel prices and FX rates. The 2017 year over year impact would be an unfavorable $0.28. $0.24 for fuel prices, including the impact of fuel derivatives and $0.04 for currency.  Although its early, 2017 appears to be shaping up to be another good year. We are well positioned for continued earnings growth, given the current strength of our bookings and pricing trends for next year.  And now operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Robin Farley: Great, thank you. I know your first half commentary, you're looking very strong. I wonder if you could clarify on maybe two areas where investors may be kind of most concerned, and it's really I guess given demand or concerns about North American demand into Europe. That would really be more of a Q3 issue. I wonder -- I know it's still early, but can you give us any sort of early read on that? And then the other area, China of course, and I realize China is in your first half guidance as well, but I wonder if you could just sort of give any color on you know how chartered -- how much youre chartered for next year at this point already. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Good morning, Robin. First of all, with regards -- lets take the second one first on China charters. Were just in the process now and that was part of our consideration for making adjustments weve made that we've included in the guidance going forward on this year's activity. So no real guidance yet for 2017 on that except what David shared in his comment about where the bookings were for Asia overall. In terms of the North America brands in Europe, again our booking curves look strong, and look good as do our pricings, but you're asking about third quarter 2017, obviously thats ways off. 
Robin Farley: Okay, maybe just one clarifying comment. David, you mentioned occupancy for Asia overall in line so far in the first half, so that would -- and that commentary would include China -- in other words any charters for the first half for China suggesting in line with last year at this time.
Arnold Donald: Yes. Right now, our charter activity is strong in China. Our occupancies this year were very good. We anticipated as we said in the opening comments that we would see yield decline, but China is profitable, occupancy levels are high, which means the increased capacity was absorbed in terms of having guests on the ships. The ships are sailing full. And chartering for next year at this point is in process, but solid. We dont see any consternation around occupancy for next year.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Arnold Donald: And Robin just one last comment, Im sorry. Real quickly, the guest satisfaction levels are very high as well. So China is a great market, still small part of our overall base, but its a very strong market. 
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thanks for the time and good morning. Just sticking on your outlook for 2017, David, it appears that the commentary that you had for the first half this quarter has improved since the color you gave last quarter. You guys did give us some nice color on the call, but I was just wondering specifically what is driving that improvement.
David Bernstein: Its a variety of things. Weve talked all along essentially about the strength of our booking. Our booking position as well ahead. We talked that pricing at this point is considerably higher. Weve been working all along, all year long on our yield management systems. Best practices across the brands have been very helpful. As Arnold mentioned, we just rolled out for the 6 brands the prototype and the new revenue management system and that will be helping in addition for 2017 and beyond. So theres a lot of good positive deployment optimization across the brands have contributed. So theres a lot of very good things going in our favor and we feel very good about the overall book position for 2017.
Felicia Hendrix: That's helpful. Thank you. And so your fourth quarter outlook is basically in line with what was implied when you reported last and also in line with consensus. There have been some travel agent reports about pockets of inventory in the Caribbean for the remainder of the year. I'm assuming that's being contemplated in your guidance. But is there anything that you can see today that might cause some risk or concern about the guidance for the rest of the year?
Arnold Donald: No, we dont see anything in terms of the guidance for the rest of the year. Our bookings are very strong in the Caribbean. Were well ahead with higher pricing. We dont see softness. Our brands continue to outperform in the Caribbean.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you for that. And then just finally Arnold, you touched upon this earlier in your prepared remarks. Could you just talk a little bit more about the decision to move AIDA from -- it was originally -- one of your AIDA ships originally anticipated to be in China next year. Now it's going to be in the Med and then earlier in the year you moved that China decision for Carnival brand to be in China. You took that out. So I was just wondering if you could talk about those decisions, and would we perhaps see those brands in China in 2018? 
Arnold Donald: Again deployments are kind of a holistic decision, so a lot of things go into consideration. Obviously, the market youre considering deploying it in, but also in the case of AIDA, the AIDAperla, our new ship, weve gotten confirmation of when shes going to come in. So we now know the capacity situation well have so that was the relative strength of the market in Germany for AIDA. So all of those things factor in as well as the dynamics in China itself. Similarly with the Carnival, as I mentioned on a previous call on that one, it was a combination of things for how well the Carnival was doing in the Caribbean at a time capacity coming in, with the Vista coming in, and other things. And the fact that we have distributed ports, home ports here in the US, and getting the right ship in the right home port, all of those things factor in ultimately for an optimized deployment decision. And thats the beauty of our inventory is that its mobile. We kind of adjust and adapt and were constantly seeking to optimize.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steven Wieczynski: Good morning, guys. Arnold, can I follow up on China? Let me ask another question. I know you'll probably get sick of them. But I know you were just over there, I guess it was last week at a pretty major cruise conference.
Arnold Donald: Yes.
Steven Wieczynski: Can you give us maybe the two or three main takeaways that you came back with?
Arnold Donald: The takeaways were the ones I went over with frankly which is, number one, cruise is in the 5 year plan for China. So that means the government has committed to developing the Cruise industry. The reason for that is pretty self-evident. Well employ, overall with port development and infrastructure, and supply chain, and training as well as ship building that will employ millions, and millions, and millions of Chinese. So the government is very interested and they see cruise as an economic engine going forward. So youve got the support of the central government and the various provincial municipal governments, so thats very important. The second thing is theres a growth market.  The third thing is that growth is constrained. I know that percentage is not large and everything, but as Ive tried to point out in my opening comments, were talking onesies, twosies, and ships. And the reason the growth is constrained is because we have large addressable markets that are underpenetrated everywhere in the world. And so we have lots of places to put ships these days, and so we are not going to just take all the ships in the existing markets and move them unity to China. And then theres constraint on the number of ships that can be built in China -- for the China market in the near term here. So all of those things put additional constraints.  Beyond that clearly as we anticipated, as you guys have identified through your assessments and stuff that yields declined, we see China as a unit volume, a unit growth story as ultimately accretive to earnings, which it has been for us and overall helping us optimize yields across the global fleet and its working really well. Having said that, there is a gap with distribution. Its an embryonic market. Distributors are finding their way for the first time in cruise. It is a charter market, a B2B market, so then it reduces possibilities of discontinuities that you might not see if you had a direct to consumer kind of a market.  So all of those things are things we already knew going over. Those were affirmed. But the other thing I was affirmed was the enthusiasm for the government for the cruise industry, the fact that the guest satisfaction levels are high, that our ships are definitely occupied comparable to prior years, despite the insignificant percentage increases in capacity, and we see it as a future market. Now, having said all of that, with all the increases we are talking about, this 5% of our capacity next year with the additional increase, including the Majestic Princess will be the first purpose built ship for China entering late next year. Even with that, its going to be 6% of our capacity. So we can only grow so fast, and because of the relatively small percentage of our total fleet, its every manageable for us with any pits and stops or bumps in the road we might encounter. But we are committed to work with the distributor partners, our distributor partners in building a sustainable business in China.
Steven Wieczynski: So if I can follow up on that real quick, so is the biggest hurdle that you guys see still the distribution network, or is it the infrastructure is still not really in place at this point?
Arnold Donald: The short time opportunity of course is with the distribution system that benefit fully from the pent up demand there is for cruising by connecting it to the capacity there. So thats the immediate opportunity. The near term opportunity of course is to further develop the markets from a port and destination standpoint, and thats a near time opportunity and theres lots of work going on with that. So thats the next opportunity and the near time opportunity and we are working on and of course, the Chinese government is working on it. We are working on it in other places, the places the Chinese want to go to. So theres additional itinerary planning that needs to evolve in ports capable of taking the large number of Chinese guests that will be frequenting it.
Steven Kent: Okay, great. Last question, very simple. Your Caribbean bookings are, in terms of your commentary, are probably much better I think than folks would expect at this point. So is it fair to say the Zika impact is basically zero at this point?
Arnold Donald: Yes. Weve seen no material impact from Zika. We didn't get any cancelations or theyre not enough to mention. We didn't see any impact on booking volume or timing or anything. So we have not seen an impact from Zika. Having said that, you know, could there be a little bit of noise? That is just overwhelmed by the great demand that there is for the Caribbean would have been even greater and hypothetically you can say that, but we have seen nothing to suggest there was impact from Zika.
Steven Kent: Okay, great. Thanks Arnold. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead. 
Jaime Katz: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm curious on the new ship builds that you guys are doing with CSSC, if there's any infrastructure spend that maybe needs to happen to facilitate that or whether that sort of goes under the China government spend plan and won't require very much investment on your part. 
Arnold Donald: No, there will be no investment on our part. First of all, just to explain the construct. CSSC and Fincantieri have a shipbuilding joint venture. Ourselves, CSSC and CIC have a joint venture on a ship-owning joint venture thats still being finalized, as well as a ship operating joint venture that is being operationalized -- is being finalized. So we are investing in the ship building infrastructure and I need to tell you that thats on the part of CSSC. Im not sure if Fincantieri is contributing to that or not. Youd have to ask them. But that partnering with CSSC and ourselves, we're looking -- we will be at this point a minority participant in the joint venture, open to manage, the marketing and manage the fleet. But CSSC and CIC, these are the majority owners of the joint venture for the domestic Chinese effort. 
Jaime Katz : Okay. And then your selling and administrative expenses came in quite a bit lower than we had modeled. Can you talk about maybe where you guys have made the most gains there and where you still see the best opportunity to gain on some of the expense structure you currently have in place?
Arnold Donald: We've had success across a number of fronts. Well highlight more where we -- definitely well achieve our $75 million target this year and we'll have more detail on that in the next earnings call. But we continue to see opportunities across the board. Some highlights this year were freight and marketing as well as food provisioning. Going forward, we see additional opportunities in all those areas. Plus we're beginning to get to stores, our technical stores, which is a big area of expense for us, inventories on the ships et cetera. That takes a little more time to get things coded properly so you can monitor and measure, but were starting to make progress there. David? 
Jaime Katz : Okay, and then --
Arnold Donald: Excuse. I think David had a comment. Go ahead.
David Bernstein : Yeah. On the SG&A expenses, of course I don't know exactly whats your model. We did give guidance for the whole year for net cruise cost without fuel being up 1.5%. We did beat our third quarter cost guidance because of the timing of certain expenses. And I mentioned that one of them was advertising. So we may have spent a little bit less in the third quarter in advertising than we previously anticipated, which could have affected your comparison. 
Jaime Katz : Okay. Thank you so much. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Greg Badishkanian: Great. Thanks. Just to follow up from Steve's question before on Zika, that you're not seeing a noticeable impact. Why do you think that you're performing better than some of your competitors in the Caribbean in the fourth quarter where we've been hearing about some aggressive discounts and promotions coming from some of those competitors lately?
Arnold Donald: Well not make any comments obviously on the competitors, but just for ourselves, it runs the gamut from first and foremost. Our people and our brands have done a great job developing the guest experience and the guests are having just tremendous experiences and we are exceeding their expectations across the brands, as they go into the Caribbean, especially with the Carnival brand. So that's number one. Number two, in the case of the Carnival brand in particular again, we have a very large base of previous cruise-goers that are loyal to the brand and that obviously helps us because those people have experienced the brand and love it and want to do it again and again. And then thirdly, we're better in our revenue management skills. And so we have shared best practices across the brands on revenue management and our people are getting increasingly sophisticated and doing very, very well. Also, we've anticipated a bit of an election slowdown, as historically there's always been a little fall off in booking volumes around election time. And so there could be some of that, but in our case again, right now we're doing so well, and we're so far ahead and the pricing is strong. Weve got great close-in pricing right now and so it's been very good. But relative to what the other companies, other cruise lines, I wouldn't have a comment, but other than to say I'm sure it's a combination of the relative moves they made in deployments and stuff, but I have no idea. 
David Bernstein: The only other thing I wanted to add is that in the Caribbean, keep in mind that our capacity is distributed across multiple home ports, which I think we benefit from as well. 
Greg Badishkanian: Okay. That's helpful. Moving to China and if you think about 2017 and how your negotiated pricing ultimately will end up, I know you're not going to give us a specific number right now, but maybe just some thoughts of how you think that that will proceed and also is the right way to think about it. If you're growing the capacity there by 26%, would you expect the profitability of your China business to grow equal or greater to that in 2017, so that's what you're managing to, that profitability growth. 
Arnold Donald: Real quickly, I think the important thing for us in China is to ensure that we are developing sustainable business there. Sustainable for our distributor partners, sustainable in terms of the government's desire to have the cruise industry be established there and obviously sustainable for us from a profit standpoint. So it has to be a win-win-win. So that begins the constraint around how much we will negotiate, because we're not going to negotiate to a point where it's not economical for us and that just won't happen. And so having said that, the other comment is if you take the impact this quarter, given even the additional consideration we've reflected in the guidance going forward, the impact for the full year yields for us is -- across our fleet is a rounding error.  So we believe that we can effect a sustainable business in China over time. We're going to make practical economic decisions. Our assets are mobile. And because of such a small percentage, even in the future when we start looking at adding additional ships above our overall capacity, we can move a few ships around and manage things effectively through smart deployment. Having said that, for next year, right now we see good relationships with our distributor partners and an ability to attract value. Hopefully it will be proportionate to the capacity increase or greater, but at this point we haven't finalized those conversations and it's too early to give real guidance. 
David Bernstein: And also the capacity increase is driven to a great extent by the introduction of Majestic Princess and that's the first purpose built ship for the China market and we really do believe that that will generate a lot of great excitement and further stimulate demand in the market, which should be very helpful on the pricing side. 
Greg Badishkanian: Good. All right. That's helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 
James Hardiman: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. So a couple questions here. Obviously since the last time you guys reported, there were a number of geopolitical events. Could you maybe walk us through what happened during and following that time? It doesn't seem to have really hurt your numbers for the quarter or in terms of the outlook. Was it that you didn't see any impact on demand? Was it that you're maybe a little bit more insulated because you don't have a whole lot of exposure to US customers going to Europe? Or did it in fact impact your business and your yields would have been all the better for the third quarter and in terms of the outlook if it hadn't been for those geopolitical events?
Arnold Donald: Real quickly, in terms of that many US going to Europe, we do have in our Holland America brands, Princess brand, and even in our Cunard, we have a number of Americans who go to Europe across our brands, Seabourn, et cetera. So it is important to us. So the impact was this. In the cases when things got a little dicey in Istanbul, in Turkey, we obviously had to make deployment itinerary changes. So again, generally speaking, we go where guests want to go and we go obviously where all the information we have says it's okay to go, it's safe to go because safety is number one, obviously.  So how it affects us is we make itinerary deployment changes, either because guests dont want to go or because weve gotten intelligence in the world community that it's wiser not to go. It affects us that way. Initially we can see booking impacts right after an incident. Those tend to fade away. As you know, if you go back over years, this is not a year where this is the only time this has happened. It happens to some extent almost in recent times, almost every year for the last several years, as does a Zika or MERS or Asian flu, whatever these things, Ebola even. And so every year there's geopolitical tensions. Theres some kind of disease consternation. Theres macroeconomic malaise. Theres isolated or concentrated over-capacity in the cruise industry. Every year in some markets around the world, those things happen and it's part of our business.  So we manage that. We anticipate it. We change deployments. We do good revenue management practices, manage around it and that's basically it. So to us it's normal business. I wish it wasn't that way. Every now and then hopefully we'll get lucky and there won't be those incidents because we think we would do better. Some of those itineraries we had to redirect, our high yielding shore excursion items, which could have added additional revenue and earnings to the bottom line.  We used to be in the Black Sea. We haven't been there in quite a while. The Black Sea was one of the highest yielding both from a ticket standpoint and on-board revenue standpoint, are itineraries we could have had. And so hopefully sometimes those things will work in our favor and well do even better. But right now we expect that stuff to happen every year and we have to manage it and we have to deliver double-digit return on invested capital in those environments. 
David Bernstein: One of the things that we've said previously is that, as Arnold indicated, there's always something going on out there and people to some extent have gotten used to that and they go on with their lives and they continue to travel and continue to book cruises. And so we did very well in the third quarter and as we had indicated, we raised our guidance for the year. 
James Hardiman: That's very helpful. And then my second question may or may not be related to the first, but can you talk a little about the slowdown in on-board. I know you mentioned that the comps are just fundamentally tougher. I guess A, was maybe some of that the results of some of the itinerary changes that you just spoke to or maybe sourcing changes as you try to bring in more Europeans to those European destinations versus North Americans, which typically spend more while on board? And then I guess just going forward, should we expect on-board to be a drag on overall yields going forward or does that revert back to where its been the last year and half?
Arnold Donald: So first of all weve had almost eight quarters of very strong on-board revenue growth. So the comparisons obviously are getting more difficult. On the other hand, we are still growing on-board revenue and its still a growth story. So we would not characterize it as a drag. We would definitely characterize it as still accretive to the bottom line, because it is still growing and we think there is opportunity to grow beyond where we are today obviously.
David Bernstein: I guess some of it, if you look at the detail relative to the categories of on-boarding and what drove some of the change in the increase, we did see some really nice increases in both beverage and casino, which make up about half of the on-board revenue. And the areas where we saw some lower on-board revenue relating to shore excursions, which we talked about, relating to itinerary changes and itinerary optimization across the brands, as well as shops where last year benefited from some strong guarantee arrangements in 2015 and prior periods. 
James Hardiman : Got it. Very helpful. Thanks guys. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Harry Curtis: Good morning everybody. There seems to be some skepticism today about the outlook for your comments about next year, that it's still too early to tell much. Maybe you can give us a sense of how well booked you are overall fleet-wide this year versus the same time last year. And do you really think that it is too early to, with this data, to make any initial conclusions that you're off to a good start?
Arnold Donald: I think the conclusion is were definitely off to a good start, but were not prepared to give guidance yet in full for 2017. 
David Bernstein: Well give guidance on the revenue side in December when we get closer, because it is far out at this point. Harry, we had said that we are ahead of the prior year and we're ahead at considerably higher prices. So we're feeling very good about that overall position. We had talked about how we were moving the booking curve further and further out, and we have continued to move it out for the early half of 2017. All the markets, I went through the details, both for the North American market and our EAA brands and everybody was pretty much ahead on pricing, except EAA for the Caribbean and Australia, which was in line. And I even said in those areas the booking activity for the last quarter was well ahead of the prior year. So those areas were, even though they were in line or slightly lower, they were improving. So we feel very good about the overall trend for the first half of 2017. 
Harry Curtis: So following up then on your comments about the yield management roll out, to what degree do you think the yield management, the new system is or maybe having or playing a factor in these higher prices? And perhaps you could just educate us on what's changing. 
Arnold Donald: Well, first of all in terms of the impact of the new system, you're not seeing much direct impact on the new system right now. Youll see on maybe 30% of inventory going into 17 some impact and then the full impact for the current state of the system, and it will take it to a higher level next year, but the full impact for the current state of the system will probably be more in 2018. What you are seeing though is the fact -- just the fact by working on it, we're sharing best practices across our 10 world leading cruise line brands, and that sharing and them working together on the two and so on clearly has been advantageous and has boosted our yields.  Beyond that, again as I mentioned, is a combination of creating demand of clever deployment, and of exceeding guest expectations once on board so that when they leave, they help us create demand themselves not only for them to come back, for others that they share with. The brands are differentiated. That helps as well and we've done some smart things in terms of -- within the brands of our various home porting decisions and distributing the home ports to access various destination markets. So it's a combination of things. We have good momentum. That has to be maintained. Of course what will help us in the end is, if the other cruise companies also fill and fill at high prices, that ultimately is helpful to us. If they don't, that's a drag for us because it sets a psychological tone in the marketplace. But right now we are doing very well and the first half of next year looks very strong.
David Bernstein: The only thing I want to add to that, the one of the thing thats been very helpful is the brands have been working collectively together comparing pricing, making decisions and as a result of that, given the fact that the size of our company, I think that has benefited us tremendously over the last couple of years as well. 
Harry Curtis: Thank you. And just a quick shifting of gears here. Carnival is rapidly becoming an impressive free cash flow generator, and in it seems the market is valuing higher dividends today more than it has in the last decade. Have you given consideration to even getting more aggressive with dividend payout versus share repurchases? How do you prioritize at this point one versus another? 
Arnold Donald: First of all, clearly thats the board decision right off the bat, but having said that, historically youve seen what we've done where we've done a combination of dividend increases and share buyback. I'm sure that trend will continue in the future, but we evaluate it constantly and well see where the board wants to go. Our current dividend yield is strong, but well be evaluating that each quarter. 
David Bernstein: One of the things we've said in the past is that we are targeting a 40% to 50% dividend payout ratio. So one of the things you do want to be careful of, we want to make sure that our dividend is sustainable through all cycles. And so we feel like staying within that range, it would be sustainable. So you can take that as guidance. That's what we discussed with the board, and we continue to target that. 
Harry Curtis: Thanks very much guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
David Beckel: Thanks a lot for the question, and thanks particularly for all your Chinese commentary. Really appreciate that, but Ill lobe another one in there just for good measure. You talk a lot about net revenue yields in the region. I was wondering, what I haven't heard as much is any color on the trajectory of net cruise cost, specifically as it relates to China, inclusive of things like office expansion, incremental marketing and the like. Could you potentially provide us any color or context around how to think about that for that region? 
Arnold Donald: I'll make the comment, but I think its very important that David comments since his last name is the namesake for your firm it seems like. But in any event, look, it's an embryonic market. We think there are opportunities over time to actually improve our net cruise cost position on ALBD basis, as we expand and get greater scale and so on. And we think there's opportunity to actually improve that part of the equation as well. Right now its not the driver for anything, but as we get more capacity there and we begin to expand our supply chains, training centers and so on and so forth, we think we'll be able to actually over time improve on that cruise cost.
David Bernstein: As Arnold indicated, I mean in 2015 we had eight offices in China. We went to 16 offices in 2016, and we're going to open up four more and in 2017. So clearly we are making an investment, but we believe the investment is for the long term. Keep in mind that we've got an $8 billion cost base. So a 1 percentage change, a 1.0 change on net cruise cost without fuel is $80 million. So an investment in China is really just fractions of a percent and a very small change in the overall picture for a company our size. 
David Beckel: That's really helpful. Thanks. And as a follow up, I just wanted to ask a question about the distribution system in China. I was curious, we've heard some color about various selling practices on the ground in China. I was curious what level of control you have with respect to pricing discipline from the travel agent community. Thanks. 
Arnold Donald: You bet. First of all, basically for us right now its a B2B business. We charter with some Asia distributors. They then sell through their network, but they often in turn expand their network through sub-agents or sub-distributors. And that's a negotiation between them and those sub-distributors on pricing and so on. So how we control the pricing, which we don't really per se control, we control what price we're getting and then its up to them to manage to see how much profit theyre going to take and so on and so forth. But all the control we have is in the end, if they come back and say hey, I didnt do as well as I thought, why dont you help me out, et cetera?  Thats a negotiation thats afoot and it happens every year. But thats the level of control we have by our degree of willingness to negotiate. Some cases they may have had legitimate challenges. In some cases theyre just negotiating to get a better deal and youve got to do your best to sort all that out when you dont have total transparency to the ultimate price that the Chinese guest that was on the ship paid. We try to get at that various ways, but of course others try to make certain we cant get to that information, and thats a just business, normal in business. You can think of other constructs in other places where a manufacturer sells to a distributor and may not know exactly what that distributor priced that and so on in any other market, any other industry. So thats the nature of the business today. Over time, that will probably evolve to a different model, but thats what it is today.
David Beckel: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jamie Rollo: Yes. Thank you. First of all, on the supply growth in the industry, you said that Carnival's only growing at 3% to 4% out to 2020, but obviously the industry order book is much bigger than that. So, I'm just wondering what your thoughts are on the size of that order book. It's clearly much, much bigger than it was at the last peak. Particularly if China's been able to absorb those new ships, are you worried about the capacity in the developed markets a few years hence?
Arnold Donald: I think that obviously China is growing rapidly and is able to absorb a lot of capacity that makes everything easier. But on the other hand, as I tried to point out earlier on the call and some of the questions, China is going to be limited in how many ships are going to be available for it to take because people are building ships for other markets as well. I think what you have to think about is net capacity growth. So were always going to build new ships and so will others and the reason is because the ships are more efficient and they give you the opportunity for enhanced revenue opportunity, versus the existing ships. And so new ships are always going to be coming. The question is, how many ships leave? How many ships go to secondary markets and so on?  And in the opening comments, I referenced the fact that the number of berths that are getting to retirement, the amount of capacity thats going to retirement age is going to double in 2020 and going to double again in 2024. And so there will be a need for some of that capacity just to replace. And then the rest will get regulated by the market place. If theres scarce supply relative to demand, some of the less efficient ships will continue to sail. If theres not that relative scarcity, then some of those ships will exit. Theyll either go into secondary markets or theyll leave the fleet and be scrapped. And so thats the real dynamic. We know what were going to do. We are committed to measure capacity growth and we know how to manage within our brands and across the various destinations. And so based on that, we have great confidence that well be able to manage to the sustained double digit return on invested capital that we have promised within the next two years.
Jamie Rollo: Thanks. And a couple of housekeeping ones, please. You mentioned fuel and FX $0.28 headwind for next year. Depreciation I get to $0.12 from the $1.9 billion. Did you give us figures for dry dock?
David Bernstein: For dry dock, I didnt give a figure, but the dry dock has increased. Its probably worth a little bit less than a half a point on a year over year basis for net cruise costs, excluding fuel.
Jamie Rollo: 0.5% headwind to net cruise cost ex fuel? Okay.
David Bernstein: Less than half a point. A little bit less.
Jamie Rollo: Got it. And then could you -- the 100 basis point yield benefit from the accounting change, was that evenly spread through this year? Did that help every quarter, including Q3?
David Bernstein: Yes. The accounting replay was pretty much evenly spread through the year.
Jamie Rollo: Okay. And final one, the weakness in on-boards, that's nothing to do with onboard credits or given the way you account for those -- do those come through the ticket line or the on-board line?
David Bernstein: If somebody gets an on-board credit associated with a value package where they are purchasing it ahead of time, then that is a reduction in the ticket price and we get the full benefit of the onboard. So we didnt have anything to do with that, the items I had mentioned.
Arnold Donald: But onboard is not -- I may have misheard what you said at the beginning, but were not weakening in onboard. Were still growing onboard. Its just not at the rapid rate that we had in some of the previous quarters. And then I just want to add one comment too concerning the new builds and that is, for us, because we have 10 brands, 3% to 4% is not the same as 3% to 4% for a single brand type of cruise company. So were speeding out these new builds across a number of brands, which gives that brand base an opportunity to absorb the capacity while theyre creating the excess demand required to get relative scarcity that were chasing. So we are overall managing to measure capacity growth in total, but were also doing it by brand and that allows us to more effectively manage against a committed base of loyal cruisers to that brand and reduce the number of new to cruise at any point in time we have to generate for any given brand.
Jamie Rollo: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Jared Shojaian: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I know you don't want to give formal guidance for 2017, so I'm going to try to ask this a bit differently. But if I look at your booking commentary for 2017 now, it seems better than your commentary for 2016 at this time last year. And now you're doing 2.5% yield growth ex the accounting reclassification in a year where you've had unexpected headwinds. So I guess the question is, just directionally, is there any reason why the yield growth in 2016 can't be replicated again in 2017? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Thats a clever way of asking for guidance on that, Jared, but I will say this, that youre absolutely accurate, that this time last year, while we were ahead of bookings, we were not ahead on pricing and this year were ahead on bookings and pricing. So thats obviously strong momentum going forward. Its still early though and I think we have to just continue to work hard and let things play out, but Id rather be displaced and give you guys guidance at the appropriate time.
David Bernstein: And you said we had headwinds this. As Arnold indicated, were going to have some sort of headwinds every year. Theres always some political event or something that goes on around the world. So just keep that in mind as well.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thanks. I figured I'd try. 
Arnold Donald: That was very good.
Jared Shojaian: And then just a follow-up question. I haven't heard anything on Cuba on the call today. I know earlier this year you said you expected to have more deployments by year end. Is that still your expectation? Curious anything you can share on that. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: At the risk of you playing a tape back, I think we said we were hopeful we have additional by year end, and Id say at this point in time, while thats a possibility, we might know something before this year is out about additional brands going next year into Cuba. Again we are hopeful. I wouldnt say we expect it, but we are working on it and hopeful. As you know, to date, we are the only ones that have received approval by Cuba to sail to and from Cuba from the US. So were the only ones so far. Im sure that will change. Exactly when it will change and how many other brands we can get in there beyond our Fathom brand that we have now remains to be seen, but were in constant conversation with the various authorities in Cuba. Its been an exciting year in that regard for us. Its helped us across our fleet in a number of ways with the positive media and so on and so forth, but beyond all that, while it hasnt been find with a single ship of 700 guests, obviously financially its not usually material. But it has been important in establishing the relationships and the dialog and the partnerships to prepare the foundation for what will be a destination that will help refresh the Caribbean and ultimately contribute to that relative scarcity that I like to talk about, excess demand relative to supply and be a source of strength for yields and returns in the years to come.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thank you very much.
David Bernstein: Operator, we are over our allotted time, but we will take one more question, if theres one out there.
Operator: Of course. Thank you very much. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder: Thank you for squeezing me in here. Just a couple of maybe housekeeping. Arnold, you talked about that I think maybe the investment community's focused excessively on the gross capacity growth and ignored the net capacity growth. So, a couple related to that. One, could you maybe give us industry expected net capacity growth by major regions for 2017? And then, two, just maybe a range of top line here looking out through that 2020 on that industry net capacity growth as you see it at this time. And I guess maybe another way to ask that latter part is, should we anticipate a -- what type of range of retirements each year on a go-forward basis to go from gross to net, I guess is another way to ask that.
Arnold Donald: I understand you guys have modeled that you kind of need to populate with data and some of the variables, but the practical reality is beyond 2017, as we go into the future, thats a flex thing and in our case, were going to manage it as we read the markets in terms of what relative scarcity exists, whats the demand thats been created relative to the supply and what we see, and basically we can do that relatively easily financially because we look at the ships and see what kind of returns were getting on them and what the probability as well for increased performance or better performance in the coming year. So for us, that will be a flex thing. Historically, I think weve averaged a little more than a ship a year 
David Bernstein: Its one or two ships a year we sold.
Arnold Donald: For us.
David Bernstein: Yeah. 18 ships since 2006 and so weve said a number of times that we could expect to see something along that pace, or as Arnold indicated, to be more or less. Its very hard to tell.
Arnold Donald: I wouldnt try to make an assumption for the industry again in terms of net, but again what were looking at is how do we manage in various environments and how do we ensure that were going to deliver sustained double digit return on invested capital and improve earnings growth in various environments and were confident weve got multiple pathways to do that and some of those, if proves to be necessary includes accelerating retirements.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then the capacity by region for 2017 for the industry as you see it at this point, say Europe and whether you want to break that into Med, ex-Med, North America and just Asia in general.
David Bernstein: The way we see it right now is that for the year, the Caribbean and again, this is the industry, is up 6%. Europe is down approximately 4%. Actually the Med is down 11%, but northern Europe is expected to be up about 9%. Were looking at Alaska, up close to 7% and overall the industry, all other programs. So overall the industry is going to be up about 4% from a capacity perspective.
Tim Conder: For the global industry, up 4% on a net basis?
Arnold Donald: Yes.
David Bernstein: Correct.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then is China, still mix accretive to your global capacity, mix accretive on an EBITDA basis?
Arnold Donald: Yes. Its relative overall.
David Bernstein: As Arnold indicated, by having the ships in China, each of our brands, both Costa and Princess are optimizing their operating income and net profits.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then very last, China, is that the reason you said some contracts rolled off on onboard? Was it China or was it elsewhere?
Arnold Donald: No.
David Bernstein: No, no. this had nothing to do with China. I said there was some guarantee arrangements for onboard on the shop side with certain of our brands which we benefited from in 2015 and prior years that didnt repeat itself in 2016.
Arnold Donald: Hey guys, thank you for your interest. We really appreciate the questions and the attention. Were committed to, as weve always said, to exceed our guests expectations, leverage our scale and to deliver sustainable double digit return on invested capital. Were enjoying a great quarter, a very strong year, happy to raise the guidance and looking forward to delivering in the years to come as well. Thank you very much.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-06-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - President and CEO Micky Arison - Chairman David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - SVP, IR
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Greg Badishkanian - Citi Jaime Katz - Morningstar Harry Curtis - Nomura Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley Stuart Gordon - Berenberg Bank Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Group
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I am Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Today, I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Before I begin, as always, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in todays press release. We delivered the strongest second quarter in the history of our Company with record adjusted earnings per share nearly double the prior year and well above the high-end of our March guidance range. The second quarter results combined with our strong book position has enabled us to maintain the midpoint of our full year guidance range despite a $0.17 drag from fuel and currency. Essentially, the strengthened underlying demand for our products saw us with greater ticket prices in both the quarter and in the remainder of the year offsetting the rise of fuel prices since the time of our last guidance as well as the very recent significant movement in currency exchange rates following the Brexit vote. Our record results reflect our passionate 120,000-plus employees who in their efforts go above and beyond every day and who together with our hundreds of thousands of travel partners are the foundation of our sustained earnings improvement. This was among the most remarkable quarters in the history of the Company, not only because of our record-breaking financial results but because of a significant number of milestones which will contribute meaningfully to our future success. We introduced three new flagships including Carnival Vista, purposefully designed for our fun-loving Carnival Cruise Line guests with an onboard brewery experience, entertain IMAX Theater, and exhilarating sky ride experience. Carnival Vista has already generated over 1 billion media impressions. Holland America Lines Koningsdam, christened in Rotterdam by Her Majesty, Queen Mxima of the Netherlands delivers a new premium experience where our guests can blend their own wine, enjoy high-end flights of scotch, or dance the night away in our carefully engineered Music Walk. And last but not least, the AIDAPrima made its debut with a spectacular lights show, fireworks, and memorable naming ceremony witnessed by over 1 million people gathered in Hamburg. These well publicized introductions are certain to continue to stimulate increased consideration for cruising within our portfolio of the worlds leading cruise lines. Moreover, we welcomed our tenth brand Fathom in April with inaugural impact sailing to the Dominican Republic to do good, followed by a historic first sailing to Cuba in May. Bar none, one of the most publicized events in the history of the cruise industry was our inaugural voyage to Cuba with over 20 billion media impressions, bringing the cumulative total media impressions for Carnival and Cuba to nearly 55 billion, to-date. We could not have been more proud than when our General Counsel, Arnie Perez and his wife Carmen, both Cuban born, were first to disembark when we made history as the first U.S. cruise line in more than 40 years to sail to Cuba. Having sailed there myself, I can assure you, there is no better way to experience Cuba today than on our Fathom brand. We are working hard to enable more of our brands to bring guests to Cuba in the near future, a promising long-term driver of continued demand for our Caribbean itineraries. Indeed, we have had an eventful quarter. Returning to the financials, China, which is destined to be the worlds largest cruise market, continues to deliver accretive returns on invested capital. We again achieved significant earnings growth this quarter and continue to fully expect earnings growth for the full year directionally proportionate with our over 60% capacity increase. In China, our occupancy levels remain comparable to the high levels we have consistently achieved as we introduce hundreds of thousands of new to cruise to our brands. Yet, the penetration level for this sizable and rapidly expanding addressable market is well-below 1%, just a fraction of the more developed cruise markets. While these guests sail mostly within Asia today, over time, we have an opportunity to take them to all the great destinations our ships sail and they have not yet been, like the unique beauty of Venice and the amazing glaciers in Glacier Bay, Alaska. We remain confident in the long-term development of the cruise industry in China with our capacity growth expected to be up over 30% in 2017. Now thats following over 60% increase absorbed in 2016. These large year-over-year percentage increases are on a very small base; so, these growth rates are the equivalent to adding about one 4,000-berth vessel each year. As a result, China represents less than 5% of our global capacity this year and will grow to just 6% next year after the entry of Majestic Princess, the first purpose built ship for Chinese guests, and AIDAbella, the first ship in China for our AIDA brand. Of course, the capacity shift to China helps create relative scarcity in our other markets, supporting global revenue yield growth. We remain confident in the outlook for measured supply growth. In 2017, our global supply growth is just 2.7%. Within that, we are rebalancing our portfolio to optimize the current demand environment. We expect a 5% capacity reduction in Europe, stemming from a capacity reduction in the Mediterranean region, which is down over 10%. We expect a modest 5% and 3% growth in capacity in the more robust Caribbean and Alaska deployments respectively. On the margin, these deployment changes should contribute to yield next year. During the quarter, we continued to make progress on our cross-brand efforts to leverage our scale. On the revenue side, work on our revenue yield optimizing system continues, and as previously noted, will be rolled out on 30% of our inventory across six of our brands this summer. We are on track to begin prototype testing in July. Even their early stage of implementation will foster yield uplift as we refine our modeling techniques to contribute to enhance demand forecasting. Since most of this years bookings will be behind us by the summer, we continue to expect a greater contribution from this effort in 2017. And on the cost side, work in our procurement area continues. We remain on track for our stated $75 million of expected cost savings in 2016. Most recently, we announced a strategic coordination of our global media planning and buying for our seven brands in North America and the UK generating a significant double-digit savings on our $100 million annual media spend. Our record quarterly results and our strong book position are a testament to the success of our ongoing strategy to drive demand well in excess of our measured capacity growth. All things considered, bookings for our ships sailing to Europe have held up well; and bookings in the Caribbean and Alaska for the remainder of the year are very strong for our brands enabling us to raise our revenue yield expectations and affirming our conviction to deliver over 20% earnings growth this year. We are on track for the delivery of nearly 9% return on invested capital this year, and remain well on track in accelerating progress toward the double-digit threshold, again given our ongoing efforts to create demand in excess of supply coupled with our revenue management enhancements and opportunity to further leverage our scale. Despite the geopolitical events in Europe, including the Brexit vote, we remain confident in our long-term outlook given the attractive value proposition our strong and diversified brand portfolio offers, particularly in the UK where our local brands, P&O Cruises, and Cunard sold in British pounds have an increasingly competitive advantage to land-based vacation alternatives in Europe and abroad. Our increasingly strong cash flow enables us to accelerate distributions to our shareholders. Since resuming our stock repurchase program late last year, we are nearing completion on our second $1 billion share repurchase authorization, bringing the cumulative total of repurchases to-date to approximately $1.9 billion and 38 million shares. In addition, recently, we announced our second dividend increase inside of a year, bringing our annual dividend distribution to over $1 billion. We plan to continue to return free cash flow and more to shareholders with our strong balance sheet and leverage ratios now comfortably at the better end of our targeted range. Our sustained earnings improvement coupled with our strong balance sheet has resulted in Moodys upgrading our credit rating from BAA1 to A3; and just yesterday, our Board of Directors authorizing our third $1 billion share repurchase program, all of which demonstrates continued confidence and realization of sustained double-digit return on invested capital which our Company is inherently capable of delivering. And now, Id like to turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices, and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. Ill start today with a summary of our 2016 second quarter results; then, Ill provide some insights on booking trends; and finish up with an update on our full year 2016 guidance. Our record adjusted EPS for the second quarter was $0.49; this was $0.13 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The improvement was essentially driven by two things, $0.05 from net revenue yields which benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings at our North American brands; and $0.06 from lower net cruise costs excluding fuel, as a result of timing of certain expenses between the quarters. Now, lets look at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 2%. The North American brands were flat while the European, Australia and Asian brands also known as our EAA brands, were up over 5%. Our total net revenue yields were up 3.6%. Now, lets break apart the two components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were up 3.5%. The increase was driven by our North American brands deployment in the Caribbean and Alaska. Net onboard and other yields increased almost 4% with increases on both sides of the Atlantic, mainly related to bar and casino. Net cruise costs per ALBD excluding fuel were down almost 2%, which is about a 3-point improvement versus what was planned in our March guidance, but again, this was due to the timing of expenses between the quarters. In summary, our record second quarter adjusted EPS was almost double the prior year or $0.24 higher, driven by operational improvements worth $0.18, the favorable net impact of lower fuel prices and currency worth $0.04, and share buyback accretion worth $0.02. Now, lets turn to booking trends. Since March, bookings for the remainder of the year are at higher prices with less inventory remaining for sale than at the same time last year. At this point in time for the remaining two quarters of 2016, cumulative bookings are well-ahead at slightly higher prices. The fact that we are well-ahead on the book position with less inventory left to sell for the remainder of the year compared to last year, even with our capacity increase, bodes well for pricing over the next few months. Now, lets drill down into the cumulative book position, first, for our North American brands. Caribbean occupancy is well-ahead of the prior year at nicely higher prices. For Alaska, occupancy is in line with the prior year, also at nicely higher prices. For the seasonal European program, occupancy is ahead of the prior year at lower prices, driven by geopolitical risk impacting the Mediterranean trade, as anticipated in our guidance. Secondly for our EAA brands, for Europe, occupancy is well-ahead of the prior year at higher prices. Australia and Asia are consistent with our previous guidance. As expected, we are behind on pricing, given our 60% increase in China capacity and our 15% increase in Australia capacity. For 2017, we continue to move out the booking curve. At this point in time, for the first three quarters of 2017, cumulative fleet wide bookings are well-ahead at prices that are in line with 2016, and recent trends have been very positive with robust booking activity at slightly higher prices. These are early indications for 2017. And I do caution you not to read too much into these trends. Finally, I want to provide you with an update on our full year 2016 guidance. As Arnold indicated, our second quarter results combined with a strong book position enabled us to maintain the midpoint of our previous guidance range. This is actually a $0.17 improvement, offset by a $0.17 drag from fuel prices and currency. Our 2016 June guidance is $3.25 to $3.35. The $0.17 improvement compared to our March guidance was essentially driven by three things: One, improved net revenue yields were $0.10, $0.05 of which was achieved in the second quarter and an additional $0.05 we expect to achieve in net ticket revenues during the remainder of the year; Second, lower net cruise costs excluding fuel were $0.03; And third, the accretive impact from the additional shares we purchased since our March guidance call were $0.03. Net cruise costs, without fuel per ALBD are now expected to be up approximately 1.5% for 2016, 0.5 point better than our March guidance. Remember that while the year is expected to be up approximately 1.5%, there are differences between the quarters. The first quarter was up about 1.5% while the second quarter was down almost 2%. However, as I mentioned during the last earnings call and taking into account the reseasonalization of our planned second quarter costs into the second half of the year, we expect third quarter net cruise costs without fuel for ALBD to be up 6% to 7%, driven by the timing of advertising expense and the re-mastering of Queen Mary 2 in dry-dock. The expectation for the fourth quarter is that costs will be flat. At the midpoint of our June guidance, net cash provided by operating activities is approaching $5 billion. As Arnold indicated, with such strong cash flows, since late last year, we repurchased approximately 38 million of our shares, and our Board of Directors authorized a third $1 billion stock buyback program, yesterday. In addition, we still have about $100 million remaining on our second $1 billion stock buyback authorization. Our June guidance EPS calculations assume shares repurchased through last week. For the full year, the calculations assume approximately 750 million shares outstanding on a weighted average basis, while for the third quarter, the calculations assume 743 million shares outstanding. On a final note, given the volatility of FX rates since the Brexit vote, we want to share with you our current rules of thumb about the impact that currency and fuel prices can have on our 2016 results. To start with, a 10% change in all relevant currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would impact our P&L by approximately $0.18 for the remainder of the year and $0.09 for the third quarter. For fuel price changes, a 10% change in the current spot price represents a $0.07 impact for the remainder of the year and $0.04 for the third quarter. Fuel expense in our guidance is about $920 million for the full year. The third rule of thumb relates to our fuel derivative portfolio. A 10% change in Brent would result in a $0.03 change in realized losses on fuel derivatives for the remainder of the year and $0.02 for the third quarter. And now, Ill turn it back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: I wonder if you could give a little color. You are raising your full-year -- your guidance for the year. Is it China yields coming in line with expectations and Caribbean coming in better? I wonder if you could throw a little bit of color on how the different regions are coming in versus your previous expectations, and also a little bit of Eastern Med since some investors have a concern that Eastern Med may be worse than expected, but clearly, overall, things are coming in better than expected. So just wondering what areas are driving that more than others.
Arnold Donald: Yes, generally speaking, obviously, as we said, just said that Alaska and the Caribbean are strong. So, those, primarily North American sourced, and the markets definitely are providing a lot of the higher yield expectations. At the same time, we are continuing to show strong improvement in Europe from our EAA brands. The seasonal European business, so, the North America brands going to Europe have experienced more challenge as we previously communicated, but most of the drive is coming from the strength of the North American markets.
Robin Farley: And China is still in line with your previous expectations?
Arnold Donald: We are very pleased with China. China continues to be accretive to us, as weve indicated before, a volume and return story, more than a yield story. Yields are down in China this year. But overall, our earnings are proportionate to our capacity growth. We see continued demand. And again, as we said just a few minutes ago, our capacity changes are -- they sound like big percentage increases, but in terms of the actual volume, we are going to go from 5% of our capacity to 6%, next year, but China is doing well for us and we continue to have great confidence in the business. And overall, the business is accretive, especially for the brands that are there.
Robin Farley: And then just lastly, did the Brexit vote -- has that changed your outlook for the remainder of the year; is there any sort of different view factored in from that? I mean obviously the FX impact that youve updated today, but...?
Arnold Donald: Yes. At this point in time, the FX impact which obviously weve calculated in. Weve taken a strong look at our business obviously in the UK and in Europe, and then everywhere else in the world to see what possible ramifications would be. But at this point, we have no reason to adjust anything.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please go ahead.
Assia Georgieva: Congratulations on a great, great quarter, and I had one question. It seems that European pricing stabilized over the months of May and through the early part of June. Is that what youre seeing, and does that give you more confidence in terms of the Q3 and the fiscal year outlook?
Arnold Donald: Thank you for the acknowledgment on the quarter. We see in Europe overall that again the booking curve is getting a little further out; we ended up with less inventory to sell, which allows us obviously to improve closer in pricing, which contributes to the yield growth, and David may have a comment.
David Bernstein: Yes. Keep in mind that in our situation, 90% of the guests on our European itineraries are European; and so, this is a very different picture of the North Americans flying over. And I think as we had said a number of times earlier this year, the North Americans, while the pricing was down, we are filling the ships; and recently we have seen some very good demand for the European itineraries from the North Americans.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you so much, David and Arnold. Thats what I was seeing, and just wanted to confirm that. Again, smooth sailing into Q3.
Arnold Donald: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: David, thank you for the color on next year; it looks like things are starting to shape up well, although its early days. I just wanted to talk for a moment about the yield optimization or the revenue management optimization program that you are undergoing now. And, recognizing that well start to see the impact next year, just wondering if you could help us understand what kind of yield contribution you might be able to get from that, from having those six brands more on that program?
Arnold Donald: This is Arnold first. First of all, on the new revenue management tools, we are very excited about it. We feel the brands are collaborating exceptionally well on it. It is going to allow us many, many more capabilities in terms of more time and inquiries, smaller movements and price movements to optimize pricing, and therefore maximize on the yield results. And, as we said, well be pretty much booked by the end of the summer. So most of the impact of this initial phase, well see next year. And then into next year, well add some additional features, which will bring in the rest of the brands as well and well be able to max out going into 2018 from the tool itself and the better management skills that our people will develop from being able to utilize this tool and be able to see things in a more timely, and be able to respond in a more rapid fashion. Ill let David comment beyond that; but go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: No, I agree with Arnold; and its really a multi-year process as we keep rolling out more of the inventory on the system, and we learn from it. It is a little early to try to give guidance for 2017 or the exact impact in 2017 from the system; well talk more about yields in December. But keep in mind overall, to achieve our double-digit ROIC goal, our expectation is that we will see solid yield improvement in 2017 and beyond to achieve those goals. And, well give you more color in coming December.
Felicia Hendrix: And for my next question, I apologize if this sounds like a repeat of something that youve already said and answered, but I keep getting investor questions about this. So, I am going to ask or as a point of clarification. As you look at your second half of the year, given where you viewed second half of the year when you provided your guidance previously in the spring versus today, has anything changed?
David Bernstein: I guess overall, we took the ticket yield guidance, as I mentioned in my comments, up by $0.05. And so, I think as Arnold alluded to before, we are seeing strength in the North American market; and as a result of that, we took our yield guidance up for the back half of the year.
Arnold Donald: Yes, whats changed is obviously we have more clarity on line of sight and were ahead on booking; weve got less volume to sell; we are at higher prices. And so, we have affirmation for being positive.
Felicia Hendrix: So without putting words in your mouth, it sounds like you are more optimistic about the second half because you have better visibility than you were when you last -- when we last met in this forum?
Arnold Donald: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. David, just housekeeping; just given the uncertainty, given Brexit, given the volatility in the markets, the fact that everybody is trying to figure out which companies are most exposed to which currencies, I know in the past you havent broken this out, but is there any way to give us any understanding or any kind of magnitude to how exposed you are to the British pound?
David Bernstein: The British pound represents about 30% of our currency exposure. So, we talk about a full-year impact of $0.27 for a 10% change in all currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. So, for the British pound, you are talking about roughly $0.08 on a full-year basis to net income.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please go ahead.
Greg Badishkanian: Just the first question; you mentioned that North American passengers going to Europe that that trend recently strengthened. And, I am wondering just with the volatility in Europe, the currency changes, would you expect North American sourced business to become a bigger portion of passengers sailing on European itineraries over the next several quarters? And, I think its like 10% sourced goes to -- of the European itineraries, I think 10% are sourced from North America. Would you expect that to increase over the next three quarters?
David Bernstein: Really hard to say. You are talking a lot of itineraries, multiple brands. Our brands do a great job, looking at it itinerary by itinerary and sourcing based off of where they can get the maximum amount of yield. And so, there is a lot of factors to consider and a call like that in the short-term would be very difficult for us to opine on at this point.
Greg Badishkanian: And then just to even further clarify China, which I think we all know the answer, youre doing this different ways. But from your vantage point, you are not seeing any material drop off in the last lets say since you reported in March; you havent seen a material drop off in pricing or booking trends either at the travel agent or the charter level or in terms of renegotiating at significantly lower prices with the charter companies that you have deals with for 2016 pricing. Is that the case or not?
Arnold Donald: For us, as I said, first of all, our occupancy on our sailings is very comparable, which is very strong to prior year; we see no major change in occupancy whatsoever. In terms of yields, of course, the yields are down, but on the other hand, our earnings are up proportionately. So, we are pricing at what we need to price for it to make sense for our business in China. Were achieving that pricing in our charters and our contracts and with our distributors. And obviously, they have to win as well. And they wont to be in the business if theyre not winning, but they are in the business. So, I think that overall things again, in a market that is really so sizable and were at such an early beginning, we have such low penetration for a market of that scale, I think we are in good shape going forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz: My first question is on the double-digit ROIC goals. And, I know in the past you guys have mentioned that the Carnival brand I think was already yielding double-digit. So, I am curious if most of the other brands are sort of catching up to speed or if the brands tend to be bifurcated someway and maybe it might take a little longer for some of the underperforming brands to catch up.
Arnold Donald: As weve said in the past, we expect to achieve double-digit returns on invested capital. Earlier this year, we said in the next two to three years; at the end of this year, it will be the next one to two years. We are going to approach 9% return on invested capital this year. So, thats a good sign for what you can expect going forward. So, on balance were going to get there. You are right, we did share that the Carnival brand itself was already at double-digit return on invested capital, we have other brands that are. And overall, we will be there across the base of our business in time.
David Bernstein: There are differences between the brands, but we generally dont provide detail by brand.
Jaime Katz: And then, do you guys want to offer any color on early reads on Fathom and how you guys are thinking about that brand going forward, whether maybe it can be a much more important part of the business down the road, just by the early demand youve seen? I know its only one ship, but just curious if you have any commentary.
Arnold Donald: It is only one ship. For the Dominican Republic part of the Fathom story, those that have gone have loved the experience and felt that they were personally transformed et cetera. Its different targeted segment. Its a travel segment more than a cruise segment. And, our ability to access that segment is challenging. We remain very optimistic about the brand, but the reality is we have to see the bookings from that segment. With regards to Cuba where we literally made history through the Fathom brand, our fall bookings are very strong for Cuba. We got a late approval; the summer has not been full, although the experience has been phenomenal. We do have opportunities remaining on some of the summer sailings into Cuba. And we will just have to let it play out. And the teams done a marvelous job with the on the ground product and the ship onboard product for DR. And obviously, were honored and privileged and somewhat humbled to be the first going to Cuba.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: I wanted to drill a little bit further into your bookings for the third and the fourth quarter in Europe, just to get a sense of the visibility but also the risk. How booked are you for the European brands in the third and the fourth quarters?
David Bernstein: Generally speaking, we dont give all the details by brand. But for the third quarter, were generally 80% to 90% booked, has been the historic range. And for the quarter, the fourth quarter, which would be one quarter out, itd be 50% to 70% booked. Now, I think on the last call, I said we were sort of at the middle of those ranges -- or maybe that was the December call. I dont remember exactly. And the booking curve has continued to move out. So, were a little bit higher than the midpoint of those ranges. Every brand has a slightly different booking curve, and that has to do with the nationalities and the people. So, there are differences between the brands all around the world. But its more cultural than economic generally speaking. So, hopefully that gives you enough color to make some judgments.
Harry Curtis: And then recently, have you seen any deviations from those trends? Do you expect kind of the slope of the line to continue to trend in the same pattern that its done recently?
David Bernstein: No significant deviations; I mean, generally speaking, the booking curve all around the globe has been moving out somewhat, and we feel very good about that situation for all the brands.
Harry Curtis: And, moving over to China for my second question, there seems to be a fair amount of debate over the relationships with the charter operators. Do you have any -- you mentioned that your earnings have grown in line with your capacity growth. Do you expect that to continue as you look into the capacity that youre introducing in 2017? And the reason that I ask the question is that there seems to be some pushback on from some investors in China that with another year of such large supply growth that there is going to be -- you are going to hit a demand wall.
Arnold Donald: Again, just to put things in perspective again, while the percentages sound so large, its equivalent of moving one additional ship in, to a market that in time is going to be far larger than the North American market and could be as large proportionately as the entire global cruise market is, right now. So, while there may be some bumps in and temporary discontinuities as distributors ramp up with their own personnel to move the volume of cruise because a lot of those distributors sell other type of travel products obviously, and there might be some bumps along those ways -- along those lines. Overall, China remains a robust opportunity. We are still at the very, very beginning of it. So, I dont see that -- you are going to have some negotiations going on; everybody wants a better price; it is a B2B business almost now. And of course, there will be negotiations trying to get lower prices, if they can get better returns and what have you. But overall, things are very good; the cruise product that we offer is well-received and excellent. We are going to have our first purpose-built ship, the Majestic Princess going in next year. She is being met with very, very positive response by the distributors already. And we have our first ship, AIDA as I mentioned going in next year, and then we have our base for Costa and the rest of the Princess. But on balance, its the equivalent of adding one ship. And so, well be going from 5% of our capacity to 6% of our capacity, which is not very large at all. Even with the industry moving in a few additional ships, it is stuff that can be managed and may be a bump here in road here or there. But over time, its going to be great. And we do expect to see continued earnings improvement, directionally to capacity expansion.
David Bernstein: And keep in mind, were also expanding the number of offices we have in China. Were now up to 12 offices and there are more to be opened. Were working with more and more travel agents and expanding that base, plus we continue to educate the travel agents on -- more about cruising and how to better sell cruises. So, we continue to expand the opportunity in marketplace as well as really as Arnold indicated, its really just one additional four -- the equivalent of one additional 4,000-passenger ship, entering a huge market with tremendous opportunity.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder: Again, congratulations on the quarter and thank you for the color so far. A couple of just clarification follow-on items, David, on the British pound, that 30% just to make sure that was on annual net income exposure basis?
David Bernstein: Correct.
Tim Conder: Any additional color you could give; I know youve got borrowings and everything in euro, but any -- where does the pound, I guess euro, and maybe a couple other currencies rank annually on that net income exposure basis, maybe highest to lowest of the top three, four, five, whatever you want to feel comfortable in providing; and if so, the percentages?
David Bernstein: The Aussie dollar is probably about 35%. I think, historically I have told everybody that the British pound and the Aussie dollar represented two thirds of our currency exposure. The remaining exposure is you e got the Canadian dollar, the euro, and the Chinese renminbi. And those three are probably about 10% apiece. And this is of course all from a net income bottom-line exposure. We have a lot more than 10% of our business in euros but we also have a lot of expenses in euros, which net out the exposure when you get to the bottom line.
Tim Conder: And then, the other question, and we are getting it more frequently, is given some Asian based competitors adding, buying, and then therefore adding apparent capacity long-term, it would appear that if we go out 18, 19, you could see some years of 6% capacity growth on a gross basis for the industry. Arnold, any color on that, maybe how that would shake out net or it would appear that the majority of that capacity also would be in China; just any additional thoughts or color on that looking out 18 and beyond?
Arnold Donald: Our commitment is definitely to measure capacity growth, not just supply growth. And, as we are delivering double-digit return and as the ships we have do that, we will retain those ships in the fleet; as they dont do that, then obviously we would not. But we are totally committed to measured capacity growth. And, given the large number of ships we have in the base we represent, that influences overall the global capacity for the industry. So, yes, a lot of the capacity growth youre going to see as you have already identified, is targeted in China, which means the rest of the market -- the rest of the world, the other 95% of todays capacity is not seeing very much growth. And things change for whatever reasons, which we dont anticipate. But if they were to change, we can easily modify and adapt, and change our replenishment strategy. We will always want the new ships because theyre more efficient, more cost effective. So, you would always want the new ships you would look at the timing of moving out the ships that are less efficient and not generating returns.
Tim Conder: Would you anticipate that number for the industry to maybe come down or would you anticipate some higher scrappage rates going forward as the global [Multiple speakers]
Arnold Donald: Right now, it depends on the demand in the market, right? So, for us, things are robust. Keep in mind that the industry overall is underpenetrated. In our case, with 10 brands, we have a huge base of people who have experienced cruise and love it. Cruise is still the best vacation value there is; there is a tremendous vacation experience. Onboard revenues have grown every year in the cruise industry except -- and for us, our onboard revenues have grown every year except one year in the whole history of the time we have been in business; and so that we can look back to and find, and that is in all kinds of environments, recessionary environments, crises environments, everything. So, underpenetrated, big base of people who already want to cruise, great dynamics; its hard to say, but I dont anticipate acceleration of retirements of ships. But, the point is, we have mobile assets; we have a number of triggers we can pull; and we can do what we need to do because we are committed to double-digit return on invested capital and sustaining that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Arnold, you talked about a 5% reduction in European capacity and 5% increase in the Caribbean. So, my question is, what are you seeing from competitors on global redeployment and what gives you confidence that we wont have a repeat of 2014 when the Caribbean became oversupplied?
Arnold Donald: Well, in the near-term, its not going to happen because the deployments are mostly transparent at this point. So, the best indication is that we can see a lot of where the ships are going already. So, you wont see a 2014 explosion of Caribbean capacity; in 2017, you wont see that. So having said that there could still be additional capacity in the Caribbean because theyre strong now for us and Im sure it is for others too and similarly to the extent possible up in Alaska as well. But we are anticipating that. Every year there is overcapacity somewhere and so on and so forth. And again, we have lots of different ways to manage our business to ensure that we deliver the results we are committed to delivering, which is a double-digit return on invested capital. But, we dont anticipate an explosion in the Caribbean, like you saw in 2014.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind that when we planned the 2014 deployments, our brands were not coordinating their own -- the deployment within our own Company. So, a number of individual brands each made what they thought were really good decisions. Now the deployment is well-coordinated within our Company and theres more visibility across the whole corporation, which is how we wound up with the 5%.
Beth Roberts: Right, the 5% for us compares to a 20% growth we had in 2014; so, it is considerably different.
Jared Shojaian: And then, I just want to follow up on some of that capacity commentary because it still -- I mean it feels like a lot of investors are still pretty concerned about the amount of industry growth over the next several years. So, what levers do you have to pull, if you need to? I mean, you talked about the retirements, but I mean why wouldnt reducing utilization work; I mean is that one opportunity; are there other areas that you see? I would just love to hear about any flexibility you think you have there.
Arnold Donald: Again, you want that new ships because they are more efficient; and inherently, they can give you a better return. So the new ships will come. The question is what do you do with the other ships? And as long as they are returning, youll keep them. If the demand is there, there is growth in China; Cuba opens up; there is renewed interest in the Caribbean and so on, and growth prospects for the Caribbean, all those things are drivers that can help give you yields and returns on some of the existing fleet. So, the lever is pretty straightforward. You will be able to tell what ships are performing and which ones arent. And if you dont have a good redeployment plan, then it would make sense to exit.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steven Kent: Hi, a couple questions, one, you had some realized gains on fuel derivatives for 2016. I think you said it was $330 million in March. Can you tell us what its running at now? And then, your marketing programs that were being shifted, what specifically was shifted and what was the rationale? And then, finally on the Queen Mary retrofit, are we going to see more Cunard and Queen ships follow up over the next couple of years?
David Bernstein: Ill take the first question, Steve. In terms of realized losses on fuel derivatives, its $285 million that was built into our June guidance, as a result of the change in Brent, which moved up, the losses came down just a little bit. In terms of advertising built into the guidance, I mean it was -- these are small movements that the brands planned well-ahead and make decisions over time, based off of what they see happening in booking trends and other things, and they will reseasonalize. Keep in mind, every good plan has got to change, as you see movements. Its no different when we see strength in bookings, we raise prices; we make changes over time. So thats really essentially, it is not a big deal and its just some seasonalization between the quarters.
Arnold Donald: We manage to yield; we dont manage to a timeframe. So, costs can move in and out quarters, but we are managing to yield and return.
David Bernstein: Queen Mary.
Arnold Donald: What was the question on Queen Mary 2?
David Bernstein: The Cunard, the Queens, and are we going to see more Cunard ships?
Arnold Donald: Are we going to see more ships in Cunard?
Steven Kent: Whether youre going to retrofit some more of them?
Arnold Donald: I am sorry?
Steven Kent: I asked whether youre going to retrofit more of the Queens.
Arnold Donald: Oh, retrofit. Basically, Queen Mary 2 went into a dry dock as the ships periodically do three to five years, depending on the class of ship. And the others are practically new, have gone through a dry dock recently. So, its just part of dry dock. On the other hand, Queen Mary 2, there was a re-mastering. I mean, she is the only ocean liner out there, and were very, very proud of her. And wherever she goes, she is still iconic. People gather by the thousands and tens of thousands to see her sail in and sail out. And so, we take great pride in her, and also we can generate the yields from the additional investment. So, we did do a re-mastering of the Queen Mary 2 versus just a traditional kind of dry dock where you refresh.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jamie Rollo: Just a few questions on China Festival please. Could you give us a feeling for roughly how much your yields are down by year-on-year, just sort of directionally, and what the yield premium is to the rest of the Group now, please?
David Bernstein: Weve said all along, the yields are down. We had previously indicated that the ticket prices were higher than the fleet average. And at this point in time, the ticket prices are in line with the overall fleet average, but its really an apples and oranges comparison, because in China youve got a much higher percentage of the fleet is in the contemporary brands. And so, youre comparing apples and oranges when youre taking the average China ticket yield to the overall fleet average ticket yield. So, keep that in mind as you evaluate the numbers.
Jamie Rollo: Okay. So, its fair to say, its not yield accretive to move ships to China, if they match the existing brand type?
David Bernstein: Theyre yield accretive to the brands within the brand.
Arnold Donald: Within the brand, its definitely yield accretive.
Jamie Rollo: Understood; and you also mentioned some negotiations with charterers for next year. Is that a bit more aggressive than usual because youve got several new brands entering the market, Norwegian, MSC, Dream, or is that in line with what you saw last year?
Arnold Donald: I would say the negotiations are in line. I mean, there is always a negotiation. And, I dont want to overstate that. I mean, they are our partners; they need to win too, but of course they are going to try to get as great a return as they can possibly get. There are sub agents involved with distributors and so on and so forth. So, I dont see any greater intensity in the negotiations when you bake fundamental change in the tone or nature or anything like that. But theres always ongoing negotiation, as you look out into future years with the charters.
Jamie Rollo: And then, the other question is just on your yield guidance for the rest of the year. I think if my math is right, you need something like 3.5% to 4% in Q4. Is that sequential improvement just the mix of deployment; youve got obviously more Caribbean and more Europe or is that a genuine underlying improvement for Q3?
David Bernstein: You do also have to remember youve got slightly easier comparison in the prior year to Q4 versus Q3; thats part of it as well as mix of the ships and the deployments and a number of other things.
Arnold Donald: But fundamentally, it is improvement.
Jamie Rollo: And each quarter is still roughly 100 basis points all accounting benefit to revenue yield still?
David Bernstein: Correct.
Arnold Donald: Directionally, yes.
Jamie Rollo: Directionally?
Arnold Donald: Yes.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Stuart Gordon with Berenberg Bank. Please go ahead.
Stuart Gordon: Just a quick question just to break down a little bit on the $0.17 of headwind that you have now got. My back of the envelope suggests that that would be about $0.07 or $0.08 of fuel and around about $0.10 of currency; I was just hoping you could confirm that. And on the currency, just interested how youve dealt with sterling, as we move into the third quarter, because obviously before the big move, most people will have paid for their holiday. So, have you already swept that into dollars, so the third quarter is not going to be such a big hit or was that sitting in sterling and therefore the repatriation cost still exists?
David Bernstein: As far as the split is concerned, the fuel price was roughly, including derivatives, $0.10 and currency was $0.07, which made up the $0.17 compared to our March guidance. In terms of the third quarter, the way it works from an accounting perspective is the exchange rate gets locked in for accounting when the people pay for their cruise. From an actual exchange of physical currencies from one to another, we do that, generally speaking, on a daily or a weekly basis, depending on what currencies we need. We do have bills in British pound; we retain those currencies; and the extra we do exchange into U.S. dollars or euros or whatever currency were short.
Stuart Gordon: So, just to be clear, people will have paid for their holiday before the drop in sterling, so that will have been locked in at the better sterling rate for the third quarter?
David Bernstein: That is correct. And, in the 10% impact, we take those locked in rates into account when we get a currency impact on our P&L. So, I said that 10% movement would be $0.09 for the third quarter. I took into account that a big chunk of that revenue has been paid for and locked in.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Dan McKenzie with Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie: I am wondering if you can help us size the distribution opportunity in China in Carnivals presentation today. So, when you say Chinas a volume story, how big a lever is the distribution lever there?
Arnold Donald: What do you mean when you say how big a lever is the distribution?
Dan McKenzie: So, when you think about the number of travel -- you have 12 offices there; I appreciate the perspective. But, when you think about the volume of travel agencies, how many total travel agencies are licensed for outbound travel and how many relationships does Carnival have today with those travel agencies and the growth trajectory of those agencies?
Arnold Donald: Yes. So today, we are beginning to expand the number of distributors. Historically, weve worked with principally a group of 10; we are starting to expand beyond that. We are starting of course in the -- near Shanghai, near Tianjin where the ships were, and we are starting to expand throughout the country. Thats why we expanded the offices. Some of those distributors obviously have sub agents, sub distributors that theyve worked with in the past. So, our reach is a little bit more than what a lot of -- quite a bit more than the 10 we work with directly through that. But we are expanding the -- as we expand capacity, we are expanding the reach of distributors and going into not only further through the country but also more density where the ships are. So, its a nascent market and we are building it as we go.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind, there is 26,000 travel agents in China; about 2,600 of them have outbound licenses. And so, what were seeing happening is while there is a small group that tends to charter lets say the full ship, were probably dealing with 250 to 300 agents who are doing large groups and chartering part of a ship at this point in time. But, those 250 or 300 travel agents are also selling through the other 24,000 travel agents around the country; that is what Arnold called sub agents, and they are selling into these groups and charters. So, its a tremendous distribution system and it can be leveraged. And its part of the reason why we are so optimistic about the growth in China, tremendous opportunity.
Dan McKenzie: That will do it for me. Thanks so much, guys.
David Bernstein: Operator, I guess, at this point we probably have time for one more question.
Operator: There are no other questions on the line.
Arnold Donald: Okay, everyone, thank you so much. I really appreciate it and look forward to seeing you guys during the quarter and to sharing with you next quarters results. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Operator: Youre welcome. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-03-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - President and Chief Executive Officer Micky Arison - Chairman of the Board David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer Beth Roberts - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Robin Farley - UBS Harry Curtis - Nomura James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Jaime Katz - Morningstar Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Milota - JPMorgan Ian Rennardson - Jefferies Stuart Gordon - Berenberg Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research
Arnold Donald: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. This is Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Today I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison, via phone from Italy; as well as David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, who heads up our Investor Relations, here with me in Miami. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. Therefore, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Our company is off to a strong start this year, with first quarter adjusted earnings nearly double the prior year and well above the high-end of our December guidance range. The first quarter results combined with our strong book position has enabled us to increase the midpoint of our previous guidance range by $0.05 and raise the floor on our full year earnings expectations. I am proud to acknowledge all of our employees globally for the industry-leading guest experience efforts that are essential to our sustained earnings improvement. I especially thank our travel agent partners for the critical role they play in connecting guests with our great brand experiences. It was reinforcing to see revenue yield growth of 5.7% in constant currency, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of mid single-digit yield improvement. We enjoyed ticket price improvements for both our North American and our EAA brands, with particularly robust ticket price improvements in our core Caribbean itinerary, which represent 47% of our first quarter deployment. We drove revenue yield growth at Costa by creating relative scarcity through our brand team success and increasing demand via ongoing guest experience efforts, coupled with new impactful creative featuring Shakira. While at the same time we reduced supplies in more challenging trading environment in Southern Europe by transferring Costa capacity to China. As you'll recall, our Costa brand was the first global cruise lines to homeport in China back in 2006. Today we are the largest in China and the first global cruise company with six ships based there across two of our brands, Costa and Princess, representing nearly half of the Chinese cruise industry. While it represents less than 5% of our global capacity, for us China continues to be a promising unit growth opportunity. China has quickly become the world's largest outbound travel market at an estimated 135 million strong, yet just over 1 million cruise today. We expect to continue to grow over time, and have further plans for AIDA and Carnival Cruise Line to enter China in the near future. China contributed to our strong quarterly results. We absorbed over 60% more capacity there and enjoyed strong profit improvements and return on invested capital accretion. At the same time, the capacity shift to China help create relative scarcity in our other markets, supporting global revenue yield growth. Beyond China, during the quarter, we made further progress globally in creating demand for all our brands in excess of measured capacity growth. Part of that demand creation is the excitement around the much anticipated deliveries of AIDAprima, and I can tell you, she is well worth the wait. The ship is absolutely fantastic. The first of a next-generation platform for AIDA that combines leading-edge environmental attributes and well designed features that foster an exceptional guest experience. All of her features, whether racing waterslides, a lazy river, multiple climbing wall, an expansive German spa, an ice rink for skating for hockey, for curling, and even a traditional Christmas market, together create an experience that truly resonates with AIDA's nearly exclusively German guests. And we have additional opportunity for demand creation in just a few short days with the delivery of Holland America's new flagship, Koningsdam. Koningsdam was designed with our Holland America guest in mind, and to reintroduce Holland America to those who have yet to experience our award-winning service, our five-star dining, our expensive enrichment programs and compelling worldwide itineraries. Our new flagship will offer fine dining in several alternative restaurants, including a new French seafood brasserie and a new immersive farm-to-table dinner experience in the Culinary Arts Center. Part of enhancing an already great Holland America guest experience, includes taking onboard entertainment to a whole new level. We have carefully engineered a Music Walk area, which showcases different genres by offering chamber music in Lincoln Center Stage, rocking the crowd with chart-topping instant Billboard Onboard and bringing the best of Memphis music to sea and our popular B.B. King's Blues Club. Responding to our guest, our new flagship will feature Holland America Lines first ever purpose-built staterooms for families as well as single staterooms. Newbuilds will also provide additional demand creation opportunities later this year as well, with the delivery of Carnival Vista followed by Seabourn Encore. When it comes to ships, newbuilds are not the only way to stimulate demand creation. We continue to invest in our existing fleet to further enhance guest experiences, including the recent recreation of Holland America's Eurodam, incorporating many of the same experiences onboard as Koningsdam. In addition, we are undergoing an expensive remastering of Cunard's Queen Mary 2 later this year. Destinations are often a powerful tool for demand creation as well, especially when combined with effective public relation. Last week, we made history, when we became the first U.S. cruise operator in over 50 years to receive Cuban approval to bring U.S. cruise guest directly from the U.S. to Cuba. We made worldwide news, showcasing cruise in a very positive light, with nearly 5 billion media impressions and still counting. We very much look forward to launching our historic Cuba inaugural season in May with Fathom, initially with itineraries including Havana, Cienfuegos and Santiago de Cuba. We believe there is no better way to experience so much of Cuba in seven days than with the enriching guest experience on our premium Fathom brand. As the Adonia carries just 700 guests per sailing, if you have any interest in seeing Cuba, do an extraordinary travel experience, I sincerely recommend you book now. Concerning the future of cruises in Cuba, we have already begun the process for approval for other brands to sail for Cuba in the months and years ahead. Now, beyond ships and destinations, our ongoing marketing and promotional efforts are also a part of demand creation. As part of our effort to keep cruise in the forefront of vacationers' minds, Princess is airing a new reality based show on primetime U.K. television entitled, The Cruise. The documentary follow the lives of our amazing crew and guest onboard, Regal Princess, through a six-week series. In fact, we've already seen a 40% increase in web traffic for Princess in the U.K. since the show began airing. Also airing in the U.K., P&O cruise's Battlechefs, a new cookery contest set at sea onboard Britannia, featuring five celebrities testing their culinary skills and judged by celebrity chef Marco Pierre White. In Italy, Costa Fortuna was to set up a major motion picture, Vacanze ai Caraibi, holidays in the Caribbean, launched early in the quarter, partially cast with Costa crew members. More recently an episode on Italian reality TV I colori dell'amore, the colors of love, was based on the love story between two young Costa crew members, who met onboard. In North America, just last week, Carnival Cruise Line was featured nightly on the ever-popular television show, Wheel of Fortune. While early in the quarter, Carnival announced an exceptional partnership with Grammy Award winning country music superstar Carrie Underwood and Operation Homefront, supporting now U.S. Military personnel. Media coverage from that announcement alone generated more than 1 billion media impressions and our Carnival brand continues to outperform. Also in North America, we partnered with AT&T and Samsung to create a virtual reality experience that showcased in nearly 1,200 AT&T stores, promoting consideration for cruise, while allowing new to cruise to virtually experience a cruise vacation. We estimate nearly 400,000 people have already had the virtual reality experience, showcasing our portfolio of leading brands. All of these efforts heighten global awareness and consideration for our [ph] world leading cruise line, as we continue to capture a greater share of the vacation suitcase. During the quarter, we continue to make progress on cross-brand efforts to leverage our scale. On the revenue side, work on our revenue yield optimizing system continues, and the summer of 2016 will be rolled out on 30% of our inventory. The prototype will cost the yield uplift as well as inspire improvements for final system development. So as most of this year's bookings will be behind us by the summer, we look forward to a greater contribution on this effort in 2017. And on the cost side, work in our procurement area continues. We have negotiations underway on 16 separate purchasing categories with 22 more RFPs outstanding. All of which will contribute to our stated $75 million of expected cost savings in 2016. Our ongoing operational improvement is a testament to the success of our combined efforts to create demand in excess of measured capacity growth and to leverage our scale. The strong first quarter we have enjoyed, affirms our conviction to deliver this year's earnings forecast and accelerates progress to our double-digit return on invested capital. We remain well on track for the delivery of over 8.5% return on invested capital this year and crossing the double-digit threshold in the next two to three years. At the same time, we have accelerated our return of capital to shareholders. Since resuming our stock repurchase program late last year, we have completed our first $1 billion share repurchase authorization and are well into our second billion, bringing the cumulative total of purchase to date to $1.3 billion and approximately 27 million shares. We plan to continue to return free cash flow to shareholders, with our strong balance sheet and leverage ratios now comfortably at the better end of our targeted range. And now, I will turn the call over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note, all of my references to revenue ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2016 first quarter results. Then I'll provide some insights on booking trends and finish up with an update on our full year 2016 guidance. Our adjusted EPS for the first quarter was $0.39. This was $0.09 above the midpoint of our December guidance, despite $0.01 drag from fuel and currency. The improvement was essentially driven by two things; $0.07 from net ticket revenue yields, which benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic; and $0.03 from lower net cruise cost, excluding fuel, as a result of timing of certain expenses between the quarters. Now, let's turn to the first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 4%. Our total net revenue yields were up 5.7%. Let's break apart the two components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were up almost 7%. As Arnold indicated, we enjoy ticket price improvements on both sides of the Atlantic. The increase was driven by the strength of pricing in the Caribbean, which represented 47% of our capacity in the quarter. In addition, our European, Australian and Asian brands, also known as our EAA brand, showed solid price improvements on the year round European program. Onboard and other yields increased almost 3%, in line with December guidance. The increase was mainly related to bar, casino and communications, as our efforts in these areas continue to pay dividend. Net cruise cost per ALBD, excluding fuel, were up about 1.5%, which was less than planned in our December guidance, again due to the timing of expenses between the quarters. In summary, first quarter adjusted EPS was $0.19 higher than the prior year, driven by operational improvements worth $0.15 and favorable net impact of lower fuel prices and currency worth $0.03. Now, let's turn to booking trends for 2016. Bookings during this year's wave season were strong. Volumes are ahead of last year's historically high level at higher prices. At this point in time, for the remaining three quarters of 2016, cumulative fleet-wide bookings are well ahead at slightly higher prices. The fact that we are well ahead on the book position with less inventory left to sell for the remainder of the year compared to last year, bodes well for pricing over the next few months. Now, let's drill down into the cumulative fleet-wide book position. First, for our North American brand. Caribbean occupancy is well ahead of the prior year at nicely higher prices. For Alaska, occupancy is in line with the prior year, also at nicely higher prices. 2015 was a great Alaskan season, and I'm happy to say 2016 is shaping up to be even better. For the seasonal European program, occupancy is nicely ahead of the prior year at lower prices, driven by the geopolitical risk impacting the Mediterranean trade as anticipated in our guidance. Secondly, for our EAA brand. For Europe, occupancy is ahead of the prior year at slightly higher prices. Australia and Asia are consistent with our prior guidance. While we are behind on pricing and not surprisingly behind on percentage occupancy, given our over 60% increase in China capacity and our significant increase in Australia capacity, remember, Asia and particularly China is the unit growth opportunity and we are achieving strong unit profits and returns that exceed our corporate average. Finally, I want to provide you with an update on our full year 2016 guidance. As Arnold indicated, our first quarter results combined with strong book position enables us to increase the midpoint of our previous guidance range by $0.05 and raise the floor on our earnings expectations for the year. Our 2016 March guidance is now $3.20 to $3.40. The $0.05 improvement was driven by improved net revenue yields worth $0.04 and the accretive impact from the additional shares we repurchased since our December call worth $0.05. These improvements were partially offset by $0.04 drag from fuel and currency. Net cruise cost without fuel per ALBD are still expected to be up approximately 2%. No change from our December guidance. While we were favorable to the guidance for the first quarter, as I previously indicated, the favorability was due to the timing of expenses between the quarters. Remember that while the year is expected to be up approximately 2%, there are differences between the quarters. The first quarter was up about 1.5%, while the guidance for the second quarter is expected to be up only 0.5% to 1.5%. However, for the third quarter, we expect net cruise cost without fuel per ALBD to be up 5% to 6%, driven by the remastering of Queen Mary 2 in dry dock and higher advertising expense. Offsetting that, however, is the expectation that cost will be down slightly in the fourth quarter. So far this fiscal year, we have repurchased over 21 million of our shares, and we still have almost 700 million left under the second $1 billion share repurchases authorization that was approved by the Board of Directors just two months ago. Our March guidance EPS calculations assume approximately 760 million shares outstanding on a weighted average basis. On a final note, for your planning purposes, I wanted to let you know that we expect our June conference call to be a little later in June than usual to allow some extra time for quarter-end reconciliation and analysis, given that we are currently in the process of implementing a significant upgrade to our Oracle enterprise reporting platform, which includes moving to a single instance of the general ledger as we further leverage our scale. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, please open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: A couple of questions. One, first can you just -- I think it was David, you just made some comments on China and I want to understand them. Are you saying that pricing is still higher in China than the rest of the world? You're adding capacity in China and that this is a unit growth story? I wanted to understand those two things. So to me it sounds like almost like you're simply adding more capacity at a higher price relative to the rest of the fleet, but that the pricing maybe is not as high as it was maybe last year, is that what you're saying? And then, one other thing on this China opportunity, which I think it's outsize attention, because it really is a huge opportunity and is a big pricing opportunity too is, how were the travel agent doing in that market? Is there anything we can read from them and their reaction to the capacity that is coming in?
Arnold Donald: I'll answer the travel agent, or who we call the distributors in China, questions first. We don't have direct line of sight into their profitability, but what I can tell you is that our relationships are strong, they continue to book with us. Our actual occupancies on sailings are the same and we're seeing great results. And we see no easing of interest or demand or anything from the distributors. And the best line of sight we have is that the relationship is working for us and for them, and is definitely working for us. You had a question, I'll let David answer directly the question you asked of him.
David Bernstein: Steve the yields are higher than the group average on the ticket prices, but that's not really our key metric. I mean, operating income per ALBD is really the key metric and there too deals are higher. So that is what we're looking at as a metric in terms of overall for China. But one other thing I will add, keep in mind, is since mid last year, the Renminbi is also devalued by 7%. So when you're looking at an apples-to-apples comparison on a current dollar basis, that does affect the overall ticket yield and the overall yields for our China business.
Arnold Donald: I think, Steve, the main point is China is a very positive story for us, it's strong, it's a contributor, it only represents 5% of our capacity today. So we were well-positioned from that regard as well. But it's definitely a nice add and we certainly have benefited from it and see continued strength.
David Bernstein: And let's not forget the benefit that we see in the rest of the world, as a result of the growth in China and the more measured capacity growth in the established market, which is 95% of our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: I have two questions, one is, I'm just curious, there is no change in your full year yield guidance, but Q1 obviously came in quite a bit stronger. That sort of implies that your next three quarters guidance is lower from where you thought it was, which I think is not the case, and you're probably just being conservative. So I wonder if you could -- if anything I would think, the strength of the close in bookings in Q1 would lead you to feel better about the next three quarters. So I wondered if you can just sort of address that.
David Bernstein: Well, Robin, as I indicated in my comments, the first quarter our revenue yield was worth $0.07, it beat on the guidance. So $0.07, keep in mind, is 0.4 for us in total in terms of the full year yield. And when you take a look at it our yield guidance for the year was approximately 3%. So depending on where you are, if you're 2/10 of a percent below that, and now you're 2/10 a percent above that, so essentially it's still approximately 3%, and the rest of the year it didn't change.
Robin Farley: And to the strength of the close in is not changing your view on the next three quarters?
Arnold Donald: Well, obviously, we're going to strive to do better, but what we experienced so far, it gives us conviction to maintain our guidance, and actually we've increase guidance by a nickel. And we feel very positive about our booking situation, so obviously we're going to strive to do even better. But at this point, with all the dynamics around the rest of the world, and the fact that the Caribbean, which has been very strong for us becomes a smaller percent of the total in the subsequent quarters, we think it's prudent to stick with the guidance we've given.
Robin Farley: And then my other question was just on China, and you talked about the tremendous potential for unit growth there. Can you just put a little color around, the Carnival brand originally was going to send a ship there for the first time in '17, it sounds like that is now going to be '18. Is that just sort of taking time to market a new brand that you wanted to give a little more lead time to, or just given -- obviously, the volume growth in China?
Arnold Donald: The CCL decision, the Carnival brand decision in China, when they originally gave their estimate, it was a preliminary thing. As they got into the detailed deployment planning, we have a number of home ports here in the U.S. serviced by the brand. And as they looked at moving ships, ships fit in certain ports, not in other, so on and so forth, it just became prudent for them to look at launching in '18 rather than in '17, but it's strictly around deployment planning, they had nothing to do with the environment in China.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: A follow up question on the booking and yield strength. Just turning to Europe for a second, can you give us a sense of the recent incident in Brussels and whether or not that's had any impact? And, David, I think that I didn't catch fully your outlook for Europe based on your current booking strength. I think you said, it was slightly higher, but I didn't catch the occupancy?
Arnold Donald: First of all, obviously our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families in the Brussels situations. It's really too early for us to know the exact impact of that. Historically, there has been some temporary impact from events like this and the level of the impact depends on a lot of different factors. But historically, eventually people adapt. We don't know exactly where we're in the process at this point, but right now we see no reason to change guidance. And as you know, our philosophy is, things happen every year, and we anticipate that without knowing exactly where or what things will happen and we factor that in to an extent, so it's too early to see the full fallout of that, but at this point in time, we're comfortable with the guidance that we've given and see no reason to change it.
David Bernstein: And far as the booking position, for our EAA brands, which really is the majority of our European program, we said that for Europe, occupancy is ahead of the prior year, at slightly higher prices. And for the seasonal programs for our North American brand, which is really just like 5% of our overall capacity for the company, we said that occupancy was nicely ahead, but the pricing was a little bit lower because of the geopolitical risk and the things that Arnold had indicated.
Harry Curtis: And then my follow-up question speaks to the share count assumption. David, you mentioned, but I'm not sure I caught this right that the guidance for the balance of the year assumed a fully diluted share count of 760 million shares. Is that correct?
David Bernstein: That was for the whole year. And as I think I had indicated in the December call, the way we do our guidance is we include the shares that we purchased to date, because as we've always said, our share repurchase program is opportunistic, so built into our guidance, does not include any future share repurchases. And as I mentioned, we do have almost $700 million left on that second $1 billion, so we do have the opportunity to continue to repurchase.
Harry Curtis: You anticipated my last question, thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: So just a real quick clarification on some of what's been going on in Southern Mediterranean based on some of the terrorist attacks. Have you had to move any itineraries around at all? And if so, does not have any impact on your numbers?
Arnold Donald: There is always in every year some itinerary adjustments. And we go where people want to go. So if we see there is a heavy reaction from guests about going to particular itinerary we have previously planned, obliviously we will choose to alter that. So yes, there have been some changes in some of the ports in Turkey, for example, this year. We still have a number of brands going to Turkey. And we are in constant contact with every intelligence agency in the world and all the various security and enforcement agencies as well. Safety to our guests is number one. But frankly, right now, we see more just, it was driving our decision making is the desire of guests to go to locations, and that's where we are right now.
James Hardiman: And then just maybe walk us through the changes in fuel and currency, since the last time you guys reported. The constant currency numbers for both yields and costs look to be unchanged, but the current currency numbers look to be slightly better for both. Now this might just be a rounding thing and these are all approximate estimates or maybe it's a function of the repositioning of ships. But normally sort of things get better for yields and worse for cost or vice versa. It seems like they got a little bit better with respect to FX. And then, with the fuel, certainly the crude oil prices that we look at have gotten a little bit worse, although your guidance for the year seems to have gotten a tad better. Just walk us through some of the puts and takes there.
David Bernstein: I'll start with fuel. You probably noticed that overall, for the year, our guidance is $2 per metric ton better. At the moment in time that we did the December call versus our March guidance, I mean Brent was within $1. The crack spread was virtually the same. So the numbers moved very little on the fuel side. Of course, we have a little benefit there. We had offsetting that with some additional derivative losses. So the overall fuel number was negligible in terms of a change from our December guidance. Currency did move against us. And remember, we have a basket of currencies, so it depends on the movement. The one currency from December through March that moved the most was the British pound. And if you look back, we were using $1.51 as the rate for the British pound back in December. The rate now, I think in our press release in the second quarter was like $1.43, so there was like a 5% movement. So depending on what you're looking at because of the different basket in currencies and the movements, the British pound is the biggest impact. And that was a negative impact on our bottomline. And that's what drove the majority of the currency drag.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: David, just I wanted to clarify some commentary that was in the release in the outlook section, please. When you were talking about the cumulative advance bookings for the first three quarters of 2016, in the release, it said that they're well ahead of the prior year at slightly higher constant currency prices. And then in the December release, you talked about 2016 in the context of slightly higher prices. So I was just wondering is there any difference in the two outlooks?
Beth Roberts: No, they're both constant currencies.
Felicia Hendrix: And then also, Arnold, on the last call you had talked about the high end of the guidance range, the net yield guidance range for the year is being 4%. I know you reiterated the 3%, but just wondering, if you are looking at the high end simply.
David Bernstein: Yes, I think, Robin, the reason we had said -- 
Beth Roberts: Felicia.
David Bernstein: Felicia, sorry, I apologize. The reason why we had said the high end of the range was 4%, it related to the $3.40. And when you start looking at the midpoint of our guidance, it was a $0.30 range and a point of yield is $0.15. So we had said, the $3.40 related to a 1% higher yield or 4%. So obviously, time has gone on and we narrowed the range down to a $0.20 range. But we're giving you the best estimate that we can. It's still relatively close to approximately 4% at the high end.
Felicia Hendrix: And then can you just refresh us in terms of how much of that is ticket and onboard? Has that changed?
David Bernstein: It really hasn't change significantly from the December guidance, the ticket and onboard. The December guidance, we used about 2% for onboard. And it was a little over 3% for ticket, and it [ph] did round into approximately 3%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jamie Katz: My first question is on this revenue management yield system that you guys are using across your brands. And I think the commentary you guys indicated that about 30% of the inventory would be up over the course of the year. And I am curious, first, when that might be completed if all the brands will eventually be on it? And there was a comment that there would be some yield uplift, so I guess I'm am curious what your expectations for benefit there are?
Arnold Donald: So on the revenue management tool, that we're implementing we have six of our brands that initially will be on the new tool. When it's implemented this summer, we'll only have about 30% of their collective inventory going through the tool. Obviously, that will ramp up over time and we'll have more inventory that goes through it. By the time is up and running, '16 will be pretty much booked, and so the real impact we won't see until '17. But I have to tell you, we are enjoying some benefits now just from the brands collaborating and working on the tool together, sharing lots of information. There is improved decision making going on, on revenue management all along the way, and is definitely contributing to some of the yield improvements that we have enjoyed the past few quarters, including us this past quarter. So overtime, when we go to the next phase of the tool, which will be implemented next year, pretty much all the brands will be using the tool. We have some brands that have already more sophisticated tools than others. And this to, both base flow that will be at one level of sophistication, we put the next layer on top, it will be at a whole another level of sophistication, so we'll have a build of impact over the next few years from having the tool. And it will make a difference.
Jaime Katz: And then I have sort of an esoteric question for you guys. How do you think about differentiating the brands that are going into the China market versus the competitors? Obviously, Costa has been there for some time, there is a lot more brand awareness than maybe some of the other brands. But I think the messaging going through the travel agents, the way that the distribution network there works might be a little skewed. So I am curious if there is an easy way to articulate how Carnival's brands in the region are different and maybe a better value to those consumers?
Arnold Donald: The easiest way to do it is to actually have the distributors experience the brands, because once they go on to ships and experience the brands, the difference is dramatic and very much get a very different feel from one brand to the next in terms of what type of cruise experience it is. And because those brands resonate around the world across different, what we call, psychographic segment, with 1.3 billion people, China is very capable absorbing lots of different brand. And so we see it, at this stage, as we just have a toe in the water. There is an 135 million estimated outbound Chinese tourist today already. And less than 1 million of them or maybe roughly 1 million of them are cruising today. So we haven't even begun to touch the surface hardly, so there's plenty of room and capacity. Our belief is that at the consuming level, at the guest level, that in the price ranges we're in, the guest today are relatively price inelastic, whether I'm in Australia -- I was in Cuba last week, Mainland Chinese filled the paladar that I was in the private restaurant in Havana, I was in. And so they have money, they're able to travel. They're not exactly shopping for price. They fill up the retail outlet and spend several levels higher than the typical tourist would from other places in the world. So we don't see any major barriers at this point except, as you just referred, good communication, execution, training the distribution system, giving them the exposure they need, so they can represent the various brands well. We think there is plenty of room for everybody, for several of our brands, and we're going to bring AIDA in, in '17, and the Carnival brand right now is scheduled to go in, in '18.
Jaime Katz: And then lastly, just a housekeeping question. With so much capacity coming on can you guys offer your outlook for D&A in the current year?
Beth Roberts: $1.716 billion to $1.780 is the range for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Greg Badishkanian: Just to put the Brussels impact in perspective, kind of comparing it to the Paris attacks, any change in behavior that you have seen that were different than the initial 10 days or so with North American sourced passengers versus European sourced, as well as cancellation rates?
Arnold Donald: That again, it's early. In Paris, there was impact on bookings, which faded pretty quickly. May have had some net minor impact on results, but again, it's one of many things affecting us in Europe, and we factor that into our guidance, but its still early for Brussels. We haven't seen anything dramatic yet. The question is how things build and so on. But frankly, again, we've kind of have it in our guidance, barring some major dramatic shift in reactions.
Greg Badishkanian: So nothing dramatic, that's [multiple speakers].
Arnold Donald: Nothing dramatic, no.
Greg Badishkanian: And then moving just to Cuba, and kind of thinking about the opportunity. And congratulations, by the way, in getting your ship there. How quickly before you think that you'll be able to ramp up capacity in Cuban? I know there is a regulatory perspective and then there is just a logistical perspective?
Arnold Donald: You nailed it, both. First of all regulatory first, so we already are talking to Cuba obviously about the other brands and when might they come, and which ports, and so on and so forth. We're looking forward to working with Cuba to help develop the cruise industry there. We think, again, it's is a different story than china, but it's similar and that there's room for everybody. And we're looking it as a refresher for the Caribbean. We think it's going to help us. It's going to help the industry. It's going to help the Caribbean. And it is certainly going to help Cuba. So we're excited. We're very honored and privileged to have been given the honor of being first for approval by Cuba. And we're really enjoying the working relationship and looking forward to working with them. In terms of timing of all this, the logistics do matter too, because our ships, we just talked about, the brands being booked by the summer for '16 pretty much. And so itineraries have been established, guests are planning on going places. As we get additional brands approved by Cuba, those will have to adapt to their current itinerary planning schedule. So practically speaking, while we may have some additional itineraries in 2016, you're probably looking at 2017 for any kind of significant impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder: Just a couple clarification questions. One, on your yield guidance, the basically 1% difference due to the change in accounting that you called out in December, is that built into the guidance now or not? I just want to clarify that? And then secondly, David, I think you -- or Arnold, when you were commenting on China relative to one of the earlier questions, just to clarify, did you say at this point yields were up, down, as they are looking for the year?
Arnold Donald: First of all in China, again, it's a unit growth story. We want to keep emphasizing that. But to answer your question, yes, ticket yields are higher than the average for the fleet, and they're forecasted to be that for the year. So that's the truth. But we don't want you guys over focusing on yield, because the real story is the great accretion and earnings that we're getting from China and it is going to be a volume growth story for a while, because at the very beginning, we're nascent in that market, and there is just so much potential in that market. In terms of [multiple speakers].
David Bernstein: The other question was about the counting reclassification, which yes, we built into the guidance in December and we built that into the guidance in March. There is no change in the methodology there. And it is about 1%.
Tim Conder: And, Arnold, I apologize, it was just my question and clarification on China was just more -- I totally understand it's a unit growth story and that they're the highest in the world, and it's a positive mix as things continue to grow. But just more on a year-over-year comparison, flat, slightly down?
Arnold Donald: We've never given a range on yields in China, but yields are down on just a year-to-year basis, but we've never given a range and wouldn't do so now.
Tim Conder: And then to stay kind of on that versus the rest of the world, any color for the industry that you could comment on as to how maybe the tiny yields combined are different relative to say North America or Europe?
Arnold Donald: No, I don't have color for you on that.
Tim Conder: And then two other things on yield and that will be it. The implied net yields in your guidance for the year, just by major geographic region, Europe, Asia, North America? And then specifically related to the Brits and onboard spending, anything that you're seeing given the pound depreciation that you have seen here since the beginning of the year or over the last six months in onboard spending trends by Brits in particular?
Arnold Donald: Just onboard in general, onboard revenues for us has increased increase ever year over the last, I don't know, 10 to 12 years, except one. And so onboard revenues tend to increase every year and your question is how much. Last year, we had a large percentage increase on onboard revenues overall. And this year, we've seen again a increase on top of that, not necessarily at the same level as last year, but a nice increase. And so the correlation to economies and all that tend not to -- we have difficulty tracking that and correlating in any specific way even the degree of increase in onboard revenue isn't always correlated to particular economic conditions in a given destination market or given source market. And so there's just so many variables that come into that, not the least of which is us constantly giving guests more of what they want. And if you do that, the guests onboard will spend more. And that's really, the issue for us is always tweaking that and figuring out exactly what do guests want, so we give it to them in the way they want it, what they want in the way they want it. And we continue to grow. So to be honest with you, we haven't seen -- we've tried it every which way and we just haven't seen tight correlations to general economic trends.
David Bernstein: And also keep in mind, that the overwhelming majority of our British guests sail on P&O Cruises, which is the British pound onboard, so as far as they're concerned, there really is no change. Of course, it does affect on a translation basis, those onboard revenues into U.S. dollars, but it doesn't change their spending patterns onboard. And as far as the overall cruise revenue yields are concerned, we have talked in December, between our North America brands and our EAA brands. We were expecting increases in both segments of our business. The increases were slightly better in the North American brands than the EAA brands. Once you net out the accounting reclassification, which I had mentioned, affected the EAA brands in December.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota with JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota: Just have two quick ones here. First, obviously, China fairly small right now in terms of total capacity at 5%. With your capacity introductions in '17 and '18, could you give us a sense for where your total -- where those capacity stats will be in those years? And then secondly, I guess, for David on fuel. At current fuel levels could you give us a sense for what's baked into the $3.20 to $3.40 guidance as it relates to the unrealized losses from your derivatives?
Arnold Donald: First of all on China, as you know the industry, believe it or not, is capacity constrained because of the limited number of shipyards to build ships. And obviously, we've got partnerships with both, Fincantieri, and with Meyer in Germany, in terms of securing slots to enhance our fleet. Having said that, in China, we can't grow too fast, because just the limited availability of ships, so we'll probably be by 2020 somewhere in the 8% to 9% range of our fleet, which means, most of the growth in capacity we have will actually be going to China. And that means, that we'll be growing at a much slower rate in the rest of the world markets, 1% to 2% there, while big percentage increases in China, but in terms of absolute number of ships still relatively small compared to the latent demand that exists in the country. So to answer your question by 2020, depending on how things go, and that's the beauty of this, we have flexibility. Depending on how things go we could be 8% and 9% of our capacity in China. And that means, therefore, that we didn't grow a lot in the rest of the world, but that fits with our measured capacity growth overall plan to help create relative scarcity. We can change the drive demand to create excess demand relative to that measured capacity, which obviously allows us to capture or the value gap that currently exists between land-based vacations and cruise. We're still a much better value than land-based vacations and we have lots of room to move. David?
David Bernstein: And as far as the derivatives, you said unrealized, but I think what you meant is how much was in our guidance in terms of realized losses on the fuel derivatives for the year and the number is about $330 million of realized losses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson with Jefferies.
Ian Rennardson: Just a couple of questions for you. How much more are you sold than this time last year? Is it 5%, is it 10%, is it 20%? Could you give us a sort of numerical answer, please? And moving on to yield expectations, Q2, 1.5% to 2.5% growth at constant currency after a very strong end to Q1, you mentioned close in pricing, why this sort of slight disconnect, please?
David Bernstein: So we are ahead on bookings, but we don't give the details for competitive reasons about exactly what percentage points we are ahead. So we just rather leave it more general. And as far as the comparisons on the quarterly basis, the second quarter is lower than the first quarter, but you got to remember, you got to look back against the prior year, the second quarter last year was much stronger than the first quarter. We were up 2% more in the second quarter. So it has a tougher comparison in the prior year. As well as the fact that, in the first quarter this year, we had indicated, we were 47% in the Caribbean versus 30% in the second quarter. The Caribbean was a very strong market for us. And so you are seeing some differences between the first and second quarter in terms of yield increases.
Arnold Donald: But that yield improvement in the second quarter, obviously, is consistent with the overall guidance. And it's going to lead us to 20% or better at the midpoint of our current guidance earnings improvement year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stuart Gordon with Berenberg.
Stuart Gordon: Just a quick question on the close in bookings, have obviously been very strong and held beat on the yield. Could you give an indication as to whether this has been helped by less sort of onboard concessions that's helped drive up that ticket price rather than driving up onboard spend?
David Bernstein: When we package -- what you're talking about is some value-added packages. And when we provide those value-added packages, we do segregate a portion of the revenue and record it in onboard. So you wouldn't see an artificial drive-up in ticket prices from a value-added package.
Stuart Gordon: But did you have to give away less value added packages in the close in of this quarter, which than perhaps has been the case in previous quarters?
Arnold Donald: Well, certainly, compared to the prior quarter, the yields are up significantly. So overall pricing at total was stronger, whichever way you want to look at it. And so that means, I don't know whether they gave more packages out or not, but again, that would have been reflected on our onboard versus ticket. But the practical reality across the fleet, we have so many different brands, but across the fleet overall close in was much stronger this year than last period. So that means that they reduced pricing less.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Have you guys stopped hedging fuel? It looks like you haven't put on anything new for a while. Can you just give us an update on your current policy here?
Arnold Donald: Well, we had collars that went out a number of years. And right now, we continue to live with those, as you can see from the derivative losses. So at this point in time, we evaluated constantly to see what we should do. In the past, we did it to avoid a significant spike in fuel pricing that could have created any kind of short-term cash issues. And we don't see, at this point in time, a need to do anything. We are collared on all the way into 2018 at various levels. I think next year is -- David?
David Bernstein: Next year, we've got 8.1 million barrels collard.
Arnold Donald: Which is what percent?
David Bernstein: A little over 50%, and 5.4 million barrels in 2018, which is less than 50%. But as Arnold said, we're collared out almost three years. So we're comfortable with our current position. We constantly talk about it and analyze it and think about it. But as you said, we haven't done any fuel derivatives since it was October of '14. And we'll give it more consideration as we go forward.
Jared Shojaian: And then should we expect the pace of your buybacks year-to-date to continue throughout the balance of the year? And if so, are you comfortable financing CapEx in order to do that? And if not, can you just help us understand why you wouldn't take on some incremental debt right now, while still being able to maintain the investment-grade credit rating?
Arnold Donald: Well, yes, you bet. First of all, we do have an authorization. We will do as we've done in the past, which is opportunistically use that authorization. Beyond that, that's a Board decision. The Board is constantly looking at it. In terms of our debt position, we're, as you can tell by our balance sheet, in a pretty good shape. I'll let David add any additional color you would like. Go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: We have said many times that we would return all our excess free cash flow to the shareholders. We have done that. We did get the second $1 billion authorization from the Board of Directors. We'll be opportunistic, as we purchase throughout the rest of this year. And when we get completed with that we'll take a look and we'll talk to the Board about what's next. But you've to keep in mind, this is a Board decision, so we don't want to preempt the Board. But when we get done with the $700 million, we'll look at potentially what's next in the program.
Arnold Donald: One last question please, operator?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan McKenzie with Buckingham Research.
Dan McKenzie: With respect to the revenue beat, I'm just wondering how much of it was tied to investments and advertising spend over the past year? And then with respect to the uptick in advertising in the third quarter, I am wondering why then, and how you have been measuring the link between the campaigns and the revenue production?
Arnold Donald: Well, as you know, we have 10 brands. They all have segments that they are catering to. And they all have their independent marketing plans. We do look at it collectively. We are leveraging our scale in terms of looking at common media buy and those types of things to be even more efficient as paying dividends for us. But the reality is, we are expecting a return on any investment we make and that includes advertising and whether it's mass media advertising, product placement advertising, digital, all the various forms of it, and PR, public relations efforts. So our belief is that we have to keep cruise out in the public space in a positive way on a constant basis, so that when people are considering vacation, there has been enough noise about cruise that, they say, well, I have an idea, let's look at a cruise. And so, the idea is to just keep it out there and that's utilizing all the various forms. There is no question we have created incremental demand. We also know there is no question that an incremental demand has been in part created by the fantastic work of our team members across our 10 brands who literally exceed guest expectations every day when they come onboard. And that word of mouth and that personal experience of having your expectations exceeded is the most powerful marketing tool we have by far. And that is by the work of our people in engineering, the experiences on board and then delivering against it. So to your question, yes, we have increased advertising overall. We will continue to look at it. We don't do it willy-nilly. We do a lot of measuring and tracking to see what kind of impact we get both in attitude and in bookings and so on. And we're constantly monitoring that and tweaking it. But the third-quarter rationale is a peak communication time to prepare for the coming year. And that's why you often see an increase in that period.
Dan McKenzie: The next question gets at the competition for the upper scale traveler, and specifically, your key competitors have products within their core brand to chip away at that market share in that segment. And so you have got the Norwegian Haven, the Royal suite products, looking ahead Virgin seems poised to also chip away at the upper scale traveler. So I'm wondering if you can help us put some brackets around the revenue that this market segment represents. How you are thinking about these moves by key competitors and how Carnival is responding?
Arnold Donald: You bet. Our primary competitor is land-based vacations. One of every two people who cruise in the world cruise with us and we have tremendous respect for the other companies that operate. And we want them to be successful. That helps us a lot. The stronger they are the better it is for us. So having said that we have 10 brands, we have ultra-luxury in Seabourn, we have luxury in Cunard both our Queens Grill and Princess Grill, we have Holland America on Neptune. We have premium brands in Fathom, our newest premium brand, but obviously our long-established premium brands of Princess and Holland America and AIDA. And we have mass contemporary brands like Costa and Carnival. So we look at that, but again, the really important thing about cruise is this, we've had Steve Wozniak, who we pay to lecture on Seabourn, but he pays to go on Carnival, okay, because it's not a demographic choice per se, we have taxi drivers who will save for five years to go on a Seabourn Cruise and we have billionaires who want to sail on Carnival. And the reality is the experience that you're looking for. And each brand is a different experience, caters to a different psychographic market. So we have ultra-luxury brands, luxury brands, premium brands, et cetera, each with their own experience and that's what drives it for us. But for us, we are definitely looking at penetrating more land-based vacations, because all the cabins in the world added up together in the industry represent less than 2% of the hotel rooms in the world. So that means there is 98% of the market to chase as opposed to 1% because of that 2%, 1% is ours already. So that's kind of our approach. End of Q&A
Arnold Donald: Thank you very much. I really appreciate the questions. Thanks for your support. We look forward to talking to you guys next quarter and in between. And as always, feel free to call Beth with any additional questions or insights you might want to offer us. So, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-12-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - President and CEO Micky Arison - Chairman David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - IR
Analysts: Harry Curtis - Nomura Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Robin Farley - UBS Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Jamie Katz - Morningstar Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Milota - JPMorgan Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Assia Georgieva - Affinity Research Brian Egger - Bloomberg
Operator: [Audio Gap] Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This is Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Today, I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison, David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. Now before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. 2015 was a great year for our company. In fact, one of our strongest ever, all thanks to the dedication and enthusiasm of our 120,000 team members who delivered nearly 11 million joyful vacation experiences. And due to the vital support from our tens of thousands of travel agent partners around the globe. Despite a $0.10 drag from currency and fuel, despite macro economic and geopolitical challenges, despite MERS and despite the usual weather and other one-off events, we were able to exceed the high end of our full year guidance that we provided last December, delivering over 4% higher revenue yields, 40% growth in earnings and that's after a 25% earnings increase last year and well over $4 billion of cash from operations. Our strong cash flow was more than enough to fund our capital commitments and return value to shareholders through our 20% increase in the dividend to over $900 million annually and the recent repurchase of more than $400 million of Carnival stock. I am very proud of our team's many accomplishments this year, particularly the successful efforts to increase awareness and consideration for our great cruise vacations. , including our multi-faceted campaigns, those around the Super Bowl, that generated over 10 billion positive media impressions during the height of wave season. P&O Cruises delivery of Britannia, the largest ship ever built specifically for British guests and named by her Majesty, Queen Elisabeth II, drawing a worldwide audience and a ringing endorsement of cruising. Princess Cruises' 50th anniversary celebration, which reunited the original cast of the Love Boat TV series and included an award-winning float in the Rose Parade. Cunard's 175th anniversary salute to Liverpool where the three Queens, Elizabeth, Victoria and Queen Mary II, captivated 1.3 million onlookers in what may have been the largest attendance at a single day maritime event in history. And most recently, our five ship event in Sydney Harbour, which garnered P&O Cruises Australia well over three hours of live coverage on Australia's Today Show. Now these well-crafted opportunities showcase our brands, increase an awareness and consideration for our cruise vacations. In fact, our positive media impressions are up threefold in just two years. This year, we made significant progress on multiple other efforts designed to further our journey toward consistent yield improvement by creating demand and excess of supply. Now we reinforced our leadership position in the burgeoning China cruise market with the successful introduction of our fourth ship in 2015. And we are well positioned in 2016 with two more year-round ships entering the market, one each for our Costa and Princess brands. In 2017, we will have both our Carnival Cruise Line and AIDA brand enter the market along with Princess Cruises' Majestic Princess, the first ship built specifically for Chinese guests and designed to maximize Chinese consumer demand. In addition, we recently signed a joint venture with CSSC and CIC to begin a new cruise brand in China. Eventually, we expect to bolster our growth in China for many years to come. Entering the market with multiple brands allows us to grow our presence faster and achieve deeper penetration by serving more of the differentiated market segments that exist there. We also launched our 10th brand in the Carnival Corporation family, Fathom, addressing a whole new travel category. We are excited about the prospects of doing good while offering meaningful experiences to travelers, initially to the Dominican Republic. We are also excited about our planned sailings to Cuba, made possible by Fathom. To date, Fathom has helped generate over 20 billion media impressions and counting. Now, of course, the best way to increase demand is to continue to exceed our guests' expectations. We continue to bring the best specialty restaurants and celebrity chef-designed menus to sea. We have further elevated the guests' dining experiences through our growing list of celebrity chefs, which now include the renowned Thomas Keller, as well as Australian chef, Curtis Stone and chocolatier, Norman Love, joining Marco Pierre Weight, Guy Fieri and David Burke, amongst others. Our entertainment offering continues to be further enhanced, including BB King's Blues Club, Lincoln Center Stage and composer, Stephen Schwartz of Wicked, along with a host of other innovations. The diversity of great entertainers aboard our ships keeps getting better with headliners like folk legends Crosby, Stills & Nash, jazz star, Herbie Hancock; country singer, Trace Adkins; Diana Ross and even the Grinch through Carnival Cruise Lines Seuss at Sea program. And to give consumers yet another reason to take a cruise, we will even host our first fashion week at sea. Now these, along with fresh retail and gaming options, including the launch of innovative new mobile gaming at sea, are all designed to offer guests even more of what they want and in turn drive higher onboard revenue. We are realizing the benefits from improved coordination, which has already contributed to the yield [ph] improvements we've seen. We've now completed the design phase of a common revenue management system for six of our brands; the full impact of which we will begin to see in 2017. We continue to share learnings to improve onboard beverage revenues through bar-related experienced innovation, menu design and all-inclusive beverage offerings. The behavior of communicating, collaborating and coordinating has already resulted in improved beverage revenue across the fleet; yet it is still in its early stages. Now we've also prioritized 2016 sourcing savings opportunities and have identified efforts to deliver another $75 million of cost savings, bringing the cumulative total since we began the conversation to $170 million to help offset inflation. Clearly, all these efforts and many others are simply building blocks. And its very gratifying to see return on invested capital in the year at nearly 7.5%. Now that's up from roughly 4.5% just two short years ago. In fact, a number of our brands have reached the double-digit threshold already, including our flagship brand, Carnival Cruise Lines. We are very, very proud of the Carnival brand team who have worked so hard and so effectively to accelerate the brand's return to double-digit return on invested capital. So look, we have much more to do to keep the momentum going into 2016 and beyond. In 2016, we are especially excited about our new ship deliveries, AIDAprima, Carnival Vista, Holland America [indiscernible] and Seabourn Encore, offering innovative features such as an outdoor ice rink, a lazy river ride, an open air sky ride, the first IMAX theater at sea and BLEND, the first purpose-built personalized wine blending venue at sea and many, many others, all engineered to help exceed guests' expectations. We expect each delivery to help drive demand well in excess of our measured supply growth. Our capacity growth in both North America and Europe is less than 2% next year. As expected, our overall 3.5% capacity growth is less than the industry growth and will again be weighted toward the Asia-Pacific region as we transfer our capacity to meet the increasing demand there. We remain committed to our ongoing strategy to drive demand and our booking levels for the first three quarters of 2016 are well ahead of last year with pricing comparisons turning increasingly positive. Of course, we start the year with our usual degree of caution since we give guidance before the wave season begins and we face more difficult comparisons as we lap our very strong 2015 success. At this point in time, we expect a favorable environment in North America tempered somewhat by ongoing geopolitical and macro economic uncertainties, particularly for European markets and destinations. We currently expect another 20% improvement in earnings in 2016 to a midpoint of $3.25. That's a historical high for our company and more than double what we earned in 2013. As we benefit from continued strong operational execution and at the moment an added boost from the net impact of fuel and currency. Now while we cannot count on this benefit from fuel and currency over time and while the path may not always be smooth, we are confident in achieving our double-digit threshold and we have multiple avenues to get there. So while we are briefly celebrating the year and indeed it was a great year, we remain focused on our primary objective. We expect return on invested capital of 8.5% in 2016 and we expect to reach double-digit return on invested capital in the next two to three years. And now I'd like to turn it over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2015 fourth quarter and full-year results. Then I will provide some insights on current booking trends and finish up with some color on our 2016 December guidance. Our adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.50. This was $0.12 above the midpoint of our September guidance. The improvement was essentially driven by two things, $0.04 from net revenue yields, which benefited from improved pricing on last minute bookings, as well as strong onboard spending, and $0.05 from lower fuel prices and currency. I am pleased to report that we still would have been significantly higher than guidance even without the benefit of lower fuel prices and currency. Now let's turn to the fourth-quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 2%. The North American brands were essentially flat, while the European, Australian and Asian brands, also known as our EAA brands, were up close to 6%. Our total net revenue yields in the fourth quarter were up just over 4%. Let's break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yields were up almost 4% driven by our North American brands from improvement in the Caribbean and late season Alaska programs. Net onboard and other yield increased just over 4.5%, mainly related to bar, casino and communications as our initiatives in those areas continue to pay dividends. Net cruise cost per ALBD, excluding fuel, were up just over 3%, which was in line with September guidance. In summary, the fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.23 higher than the prior year driven by operational improvements worth $0.13 and favorable net impact of lower fuel prices and currency worth $0.10. Now let's look back at the full year. Our adjusted EPS was $2.70 versus $1.93 for the prior year. The $0.77 improvement resulted from $0.46 of operational improvements driven by a strong 4.3% revenue yield improvement and a $0.31 benefit from lower fuel prices and currency. The 2015 adjusted EPS exceeded the high end of the initial guidance range we gave last December of $2.30 to $2.60. The improvement over last year's December guidance resulted from essentially two things, $0.40 of higher net revenue yield from better than expected net ticket yields at our North American brands driven by Carnival Cruise Lines and stronger onboard and other yields. This was partially offset by a $0.10 drag from fuel prices and currency. Let's turn to booking trends for 2016. As I indicated at the beginning of my remarks, all of my references to ticket prices will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. We have transitioned our P&L analysis from constant dollars to constant currency. We are now working to transition our bookings data to constant currency as well, which we expect to complete over the next year. We do currently have some bookings data in constant currency that we will share with you. However, you will occasionally hear me refer to certain bookings data in terms of constant dollar until the transition is complete. Remember that constant dollar comparisons do not remove transactional currency impacts. For example, constant dollar does not remove the currency impact of the Aussie dollar revenue at our US dollar brand Princess Cruises. At this point in time, for the first three quarters of 2016, cumulative fleetwide bookings are well ahead at slightly higher prices. The fact that we are well ahead on the booked position with less left to sell should bode well for pricing on future bookings. Now let's drill down into the cumulative fleetwide book position. First, for our North American brands, Caribbean occupancy is well ahead of the prior year at higher prices. For Alaska, occupancy is nicely ahead of the prior year at higher prices. 2015 was a great Alaskan season and 2016 is shaping up to be even better. For the seasonal European program, occupancy is nicely ahead of the prior year at lower constant dollar prices, primarily driven by transactional currency and ship mix as the Carnival Vista is sailing a Mediterranean program this summer right after we take delivery of the ship in Italy. Secondly, for our EAA brands, both occupancy and pricing are in line with the prior year. Now turning to booking volume. Since September, for the first three quarters of 2016, booking volumes are in line with the prior year at higher prices. Since our book position is ahead and we have less to sell than the prior year, booking volumes being in line with the prior year is an encouraging trend that gives us the opportunity to get higher prices on the remaining bookings. Finally, I want to provide you with some color on 2016. Many early indications are positive, but as Arnold mentioned, our guidance is tempered by ongoing geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainties, particularly for the European markets and destinations. With that said, for 2016, we are expecting net revenue yields to grow by approximately 3%. This increase does include one point of yield resulting from an accounting reclassification in our EAA segment. However, the reclassification has no impact on operating income as the dollar change in net revenues is offset by an equivalent dollar change in the cruise cost. For the full year, we are expecting to see yield improvement in almost all itineraries. However, we are being cautious on Asia where industry capacity is expected to increase by 33% this year and Australia where the industry capacity is expected to increase by 19%. Now turning to costs. Net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD are expected to be up approximately 2% for 2016. However, this does include a 1.5 point increase resulting from the reclassification in our EAA segment that I previously mentioned. Without the reclassification, costs would be flat to up slightly, which is in line with what I indicated on the September conference call. Broadly speaking, there are four major drivers of the cost change. First, we expect to benefit about 0.75 of a point from the lower drydock days in 2016. Secondly, we are forecasting about a point of benefit as we further leverage our scale. Offsetting these benefits is about 1.5 points for forecasted inflation and additional investments in both the products and new markets, which we expect to cost about 0.5 point. This includes enhancements to both entertainment and food, along with the upfront investments by Carnival Cruise Line and AIDA in 2016 to support their entry into China in 2017. For 2016, we are forecasting to benefit from the impacts of lower fuel prices, which we expect to be partially offset by the stronger dollar. The net favorable impact of lower fuel prices and currency included in our guidance is $0.22 versus the prior year. Putting all these factors together, our adjusted EPS for 2016 is $3.10 to $3.40 versus $2.70 for 2015. And now I wanted to share with you some of our current rules of thumb about the impact of currency and fuel prices on our 2016 results. To start with, a 10% change in all relevant currencies relative to the US dollar would impact our P&L by approximately $0.30 for the full year and $0.04 for the first quarter. For fuel price changes, a 10% change in the current stock price represents a $0.10 impact to the full year and $0.02 impact for the first quarter. The third rule of thumb relates to our fuel derivative portfolio. A 10% change in Brent would result in a $0.04 change in realized losses on fuel derivative for the full year and a $0.01 impact for the first quarter. On a final note, for your planning purposes, I wanted to let you know that we expect the March conference call to be a little later in March than usual to allow time for internal management meetings that will be held around the South Florida Cruise Shipping Convention in mid-March. And now I will turn the call back over to Arnold. 
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Operator, now let's open it up for questions, please. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this question-and-answer session is being recorded Friday, December 18, 2015. One moment please for the first question. Our first question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Harry Curtis: Good morning, everyone. First with a revenue related question. You talked about the inventory left to sell. If you could put that in percentage terms, do you have 50% of your inventory left to sell through the first three quarters? I'm just trying to get a sense of how much is left to sell.
David Bernstein: Generally speaking when we talk about where we are at this point in time for the whole year, we are about half sold, far more sold than the first and second quarter than the back half of the year, but we are about 50% sold on average.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Very good. And then my second question is related to fuel. Do you have any interest in changing the way that you are approaching your hedges given the extremely low level of bunker fuel and the impact that it could have should the price of Brent for whatever reason increase significantly?
Arnold Donald: Hi, Harry. Good morning. We review that constantly, but so far, with forward pricing, we haven't seen an opportunity to do anything that we think makes sense. Obviously, nobody really knows, as is evidenced by what happened the last couple of years. But we constantly review it. But at this time, we see no reason to do anything different.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind that given the collars and given the fact that the bottom of the collars are roughly $78 to $80, if fuel does go up, we are very well protected up until the $80 and then we get back into the collars. So we are well protected at the bottom end.
Harry Curtis: Okay. My concern is not the bottom end; it's the top end.
David Bernstein: We do have the high end in the collars, but, as Arnold said, we are not changing, given our point of view and given the amount of collars we have out there, we feel that we are well-protected for the next three years.
Harry Curtis: All right. Perhaps I'll give you a shout later on to get into more detail on that. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Okay, you bet. And just one last comment, the last time we almost pulled the trigger on that, we would have taken all the losses and then a couple of days later, we would have been back in a loss situation again. So we constantly look at it though.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed.
Felicia Hendrix: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So you guys have both said in your prepared remarks in the guidance in your yield guidance, you built in some cautious outlook. One point was caution regarding Europe and the geopolitical events. Just wondering how much that's weighing on your yield forecast for 2016?
Arnold Donald: At this time, overall, we are being - we hope we are being conservative. If you look at the high end of our guidance, that would be a 4% yield improvement. So definitely it's factored in along with a host of other things. But we feel confident we are going to see yield improvement next year. At this point in time, we've done what we think is prudent and makes the most sense. We are pre wave. We've got a lot of information yet to see.
Felicia Hendrix: And that 4% is inclusive of the reclassification?
Arnold Donald: Yes, on the high end of the guidance.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes. Okay, just wanted to make sure. And then just moving to Asia where you are also being cautious because of the capacity increases there, when you look at China specifically for next year, what's the trajectory of pricing that you have baked into your forecasts?
Arnold Donald: In the end, we expect overall our returns in China to be above the fleet average again next year. We have a significant capacity increase, 60% plus and around 60%. And so we - it's a unit growth story for us in China. So we are anticipating that while yields may come down a bit on balance, our returns are going to be better than the fleet average and overall, we are very, very positive on the China market.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I wonder if you could, on the China question, give us a sense just kind of ballpark of what you think China maybe contributed to your yields in '15 and what part of your guidance for next year is driven by China?
David Bernstein: In 2015, keep in mind, we did have about a 50% increase in capacity in China. And also with the impact of MERS, we did see yields down just a little bit in China in 2015. And as Arnold indicated, we are looking at a 60% increase in China capacity in 2016. And so - but it is a unit growth story and China is still getting yields, particularly on the ticket side way above other parts of our business and it's an excellent market and it's gotten a very promising increase. Keep in mind though that China is still in 2016 just 5% of our business and so it's a very small piece of the total. But, as Arnold said, it's a unit growth story and over time, we do expect it to be very promising.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And my other question is I know your commentary about volume and pricing better than the guidance that you had talked about in September. But I'm just thinking about in the last month or the last five weeks, there's been a few incidents in the world. Can you give us a sense of maybe how - I would assume there's some volume reduction initially after a disruption and then are volumes back to normal levels now versus a couple of weeks ago?
Arnold Donald: We saw some impact from the events and the media associated with it and obviously saw the European activity was particularly impacted. We saw some movement for North America brands - for itineraries that had that as a destination. All that's been factored into our guidance going forward. It's reflected in our projections and we feel confident about the projections at this point in time.
David Bernstein: Overall, I mean, as Arnold indicated, we see the blip, but it has started to improve and we feel very good about the overall trend and where we are today. So - and we built all of that into our current guidance.
Robin Farley: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steve Wieczynski: Good morning, guys. So, David, you kind of glanced over the accounting reclassification, I guess. Could you go into a little bit more detail as to what exactly it is and I guess why, at this point, why is this being done now?
David Bernstein: Steve, it relates, as I said, to the EAA brand and it simply is a re-class between revenue and cost and there is no impact on operating  I am sorry, operating income. It really benefited internal management reporting and really this change, it's not material. We weren't even required to disclose it, but we just wanted to be transparent so that everybody understood where the revenue yields were and that the 3% did benefit by about a point of the accounting reclassification.
Steve Wieczynski: So I guess another way to say it too is that if you look at your yield guidance for next year, it's essentially 2% and then I think Arnold noted on the top end of that could be more like 3%. Is that the right way to think about it?
Arnold Donald: That's the right way to think about it, yes.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. And then second question, I guess, just a little bit bigger picture question with China. I guess, Arnold, how do you think about the market in terms of you guys are taking a bunch of different brands in that market, AIDA and Costa and some other brands like that. Do you think an AIDA brand will resonate well in that market, and is it something that along the lines down the road you could create a little bit more confusion with the tour agencies over there? 
Arnold Donald: I think, first of all, as you are well aware, there are over 100 million outbound tourists in China already and today, cruise is capturing less than a million of those tourists and that number is going to grow dramatically in terms of the total number of outbound tourists and the fit for cruise is far greater than, less than 1%. So there's plenty of demand. And then the Chinese are not that different than Americans or Europeans or anyone else. There's a huge distribution curve of different interests and appetites. For some, a German product is going to be something they are very excited about; for others, an Italian product; for others, an American product and so on. And so we see the opportunity in China to introduce a number of brands to take advantage of the pent-up demand there and to fit the various appetites and desires and different types of cruising experiences that the Chinese will want, similar to other people around the world. So that's it in a nutshell. So yes, we are launching AIDA and Carnival brands in 2017. We already have Princess and Costa there today. We have the joint venture with CSSC and CIC for a domestic brand launch sometime in that kind of timeframe. And so we are very excited about China. It is today only 5% of our capacity. There may be discontinuities at times as you try to get distribution lined up with that pent up demand, but it's all, from our perspective, very manageable. But a very great market, a strong future market, a contributing market today to the bottom line and to our whole approach on developing relative scarcity around the world. So the capacity growth that you see for us, a lot of that goes to China and therefore - and similar for some of the other companies in the industry as well. And so that constrains the capacity growth in the other markets.
Steve Wieczynski: Thanks for that, Arnold. Could I add one more question onto the end of that I guess, when you look at China next year and your yields there next year, will there be a significant impact from your change in terms of port mix and also some colder itineraries as well?
Arnold Donald: We've been sailing year round in China for a while. As you know, we are number one in China in terms of home port activity and so we've been season-long. So you won't see a lot of seasonality in our business. You won't see a lot of port differentiation at this point either between Shanghai and Tianjin and the mix of our business either in China. So we are expecting again good yields in China, better than the fleet average next year. But with capacity expansion, we do recognize it's more of a unit volume growth play than a pure yield play.
Steve Wieczynski: Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Kent: Hi, good morning. Two questions. First, we saw a news story that Costa will be selling direct in the UK. Is that something we could see in other markets or for other brands in the UK? So that's my first question. And then, second, look, your guidance has been very conservative the last few quarters. This quarter, $0.50 was $0.10 above the high end of the range. I guess what I'm trying to understand from an operating perspective is where is that upside coming from quarter after quarter since so much of your bookings are on the books, they are pre-sold. So I'm trying to see where the variability is when you look back over the past few quarters to the upside?
Arnold Donald: Okay, first of all, concerning the Costa comment, travel agents are absolutely essential to our business. They are a critical part of our business. And something got lost in translation or whatever, but the bottom line is we are not moving away from travel agents. The reality in the UK for Costa is that they have very little business there and they are choosing to concentrate elsewhere. However, travel agents in the UK who choose to book on Costa can still do that. The existing travel agents who are approved travel agents, they can still do that and they can do it through Genoa and the mechanism is in place. So something got lost in translation there, but Costa is not going direct in the UK.
David Bernstein: And your second question, Steve, there's a lot of moving pieces to our guidance. I guess I would categorize them into four categories that affect our ability to get the accuracy correct. First of all, the net ticket revenue. I mean, yes, we always say 85% to 95% of our bookings are on the books when we give the conference call, but we are trying to project that last 10% or 15% and like this time in the fourth quarter, we got better last-minute pricing on those bookings and that positively impacted the results. Second is onboard. We have no advanced bookings for onboard revenue and it gets very difficult to project the exact amount of money that 2.5 million or 3 million people are going to spend each quarter on our ships, and so this quarter, we were a couple of cents better on onboard revenue. Third is net cruise costs. And I think, as I've said in the past, while we are pretty good at the full year, it's very difficult to predict every single month and every single quarter the exact split. So we do occasionally talk about the seasonality or the timing between the quarters. And really the fourth is fuel and currency. I mean, if you've got a crystal ball that we could use, I would love to have it, but I will tell you, we take the current spot price of fuel and the current currency rates and we bake them in and they do change. In fact, in the fourth quarter, as I indicated, we saw a $0.05 improvement from the net impact of fuel and currency. So those are the four things that vary and we are doing the best we can.
Arnold Donald: Obviously, we've beaten the high side estimate for a number of quarters in a row and beaten guidance at minimum a number of quarters in a row. We're going to work like crazy to keep doing that. Having said that, it's not always going to be smooth sailing and certainly quarter-to-quarter not, and maybe not even year-to-year. And so we do the best we can in the forecast. But fundamentally we are on a path to get to the double-digit return on invested capital. And that's the ultimate goal, and we celebrate the mileposts along the way and we work like crazy to accelerate achieving that and we will continue to do that. But we are trying to be as transparent as we can.
Steven Kent: Okay. Thank you. 
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jared Sajan [ph] with Wolfe Resources. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So you said advanced bookings are well ahead of last year, but does that apply to advanced book load factors as well more on an occupancy basis? And if so, how do you arrive at just 2% yield guidance with higher bookings and higher prices? Thanks.
David Bernstein: When we say bookings are ahead, we are talking about booked load factors or occupancy onboard the ship. So you can say it's sort of like a, let's call it a capacity-adjusted metric. So we are definitely looking at occupancy and we are looking at cabin occupancy. Now prices are ahead. We talked about that, but we have only recently seen pricing turn positive, as Arnold had discussed. And so overall we had indicated we are slightly ahead and so we do have to see a continuation of this improvement for us to achieve our overall 2% yield guidance in the net ticket yield basis. So with that in mind and also tempered by the macroeconomic and geopolitical issues, we think we gave you our best guess it's a 2% yield guidance, but we hope we are being conservative and do better.
Arnold Donald: 3% yield guidance.
David Bernstein: 3%, sorry. Forgot about the accounting re-class, apologize.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, okay. Thanks. And then just as a follow-up, separate question here, are you comfortable taking on incremental debt to fund the buyback? And assuming you have $4 billion in CapEx for next year, correct me if that's not the right number, plus about $1 billion for the dividend. It would seem like you would have to take on more debt if you want to buy back stock. So can you just help us understand how you are thinking about that? Thanks, guys.
David Bernstein: Sure. Okay, well, it's a couple of factors that we are putting here. First of all, if you go back to 2015 and you look at what we did, we had, in 2015 about $2 billion of free cash flow. We returned $800 million in the form of dividends. By the end of the year, we had only returned $300 million in the form of share buyback. So we still - we returned $1.1 billion and we still, as of year end, have $900 million of free cash flow that we are expecting to return in 2016. so we've got end - we also have significant free cash flow expected in 2017. So we have plenty of opportunity to return free cash flow to shareholders. And on top of that, I think I've said this before, over the long run, if all we do is return free cash flow to shareholders because of the earnings over time, we would delever. So overall debt levels over the extended period of time can increase and we can maintain the same leverage ratios and return that cash flow to shareholders as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Jamie Katz: Hi, everybody. Good morning. I have a couple questions. First, can you talk a little bit about the CSSC relationship and how you are preliminarily thinking about building out that relationship, whether there's an opportunity to move some older ships into capacity there or if you are thinking about maybe newbuilds despite putting so much new capacity into China, or maybe you haven't gotten to that point yet?
Arnold Donald: Yes, so, first of all, we had an original memorandum of understanding agreement that basically covered everything, port development, shipbuilding, domestic cruise company ship-owning, etc. And we now have, from that agreement, executed a joint venture agreement around establishing a domestic brand together there. So we're concepting that out with them. Over time, that brand, whatever form it takes, would include both ships transferred in, existing ships, as well as newbuilds over time. And clearly, CSSC being a shipbuilding entity is clearly interested eventually in building cruise ships. And they also have an agreement with Fan Cantiere [ph] in development around shipbuilding. So ultimately, it would involve new ships and just keep in mind that the China market over time will, probably like it is in almost every other consuming activity, be the largest market in the world just from sheer numbers. So over time, China will be able to absorb many, many, many cruise ships. So we are excited about it. We are looking forward to developing it. We are excited that that agreement is now reflected in China's national five-year plan showing their commitment to development of a cruise industry and to working with us, and so we are really looking forward to the partnership.
Jamie Katz: Okay. And then on some of the cost savings that you've talked about, I know in the past you guys have talked about things like air. But I'm curious if the next $75 million in cost savings that you mentioned earlier on the call are coming from new opportunities and maybe what those opportunities are.
Arnold Donald: We have efforts going on an ongoing basis, so it's important for me with the organization that these aren't one-off projects. Its ongoing underlying behavior, communicating, collaborating, coordinating, and so airlines, we definitely have realized benefits from that and we'll continue to going forward. In the area of food and beverage, we are beginning to pick up momentum in that area across the brands as they collaborate with each other. And it's not only on the cost savings side, which was your question, but it's also on the revenue-generating side in terms of how they package beverage packages, how they are presented to the guests, who presents them to the guests, the incentives involved, the timing and learnings from that that actually help drive onboard revenue as well. Other areas include technical, which we are at the very beginning of. There's huge opportunity in that area and we are not even - we've barely begun that one. And there are a host of other areas as well.
David Bernstein: Yes, things like media buying and marketing, port shore excursions. I mean, there's a long list of things. We are working through them in a variety of phases because you can't accomplish everything at one time. So we did a point last year, $75 million to $80 million last year. We are doing another $75 million this year and we hope to continue to be able to produce additional savings in 2017 and beyond.
Arnold Donald: And again, it's not just a one-shot deal. These are ongoing behaviors that constantly drive savings in the areas. So it's not a one and done in the various areas, but we are very excited about them, especially excited about seeing the behavior and the enthusiasm of our various team members who are engaged in this and working together.
Jamie Katz: Okay. And then, lastly, would you guys be kind enough to offer just capacity growth by quarter if you have it?
Beth Roberts: It is 3.9% for the first quarter, 1.8% for the second, 3.9% for the third, 4.3% for the fourth for a total of 3.5% on the year.
Jamie Katz: Excellent. Thank you, guys, so much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Just a couple here. Arnold, you had mentioned when you sort of started laying out your vision for the Company here of it's much easier to generate incremental revenue from your existing customer base. Can you maybe give us an update as to where repeaters stand right now, maybe just in North America and Europe? I know a lot of the new customers are coming from Asia, but just in North America and Europe, your customer base repeaters versus first-timers? And then as it relates to China, how should we think about comps sitting net yields versus as you expand into new sourcing areas from China versus capacity? I guess if we had to break down your net yield outlook, it sounds like it's going to be down a little bit given multiple factors, are comps sitting at yields still looking pretty good? And then I guess do you have to lower a price for somebody that's a first-timer in China?
Arnold Donald: Okay. Well, let me answer your first question with regards to just onboard revenue generation. Could you repeat that again - the first part of your question?
Tim Conder: It relates mostly to
Arnold Donald: Oh, first-timers
Tim Conder: In US and Europe in particular.
Arnold Donald: Yes, two disruptions for first-timers. First, there was a lot of capacity last year in the Caribbean, a lot of capacity and to fill that capacity, we had to have last year a lot of first-timers to fill out that capacity last year. It was a major increase and I'm talking now 2014, okay, in the Caribbean. And so that expanded the base for the Caribbean. You mentioned China already as being the other component. Outside of those two dynamics, the trends are pretty much the same as they have been in the past, which is a smaller and smaller percentage of new to cruise only because the base is getting larger and that base grows and capacity isn't expanding dramatically. So there's always a slight downward trend in number of new to cruise required if you don't have significant capacity increase in any other market. So it's just an artifact of the numbers. If you look at our total business though, that's a little bit different because we have approaching 11 million individual guests a year and probably 3.4 million of those are new to cruise. A large portion of that number - it used to be 2.7 million. A large portion of that number is driven by China and as I mentioned, that big expansion in 2014 of capacity in the Caribbean. In regards to China, we don't have like same city, if that was what you were asking. Our sourcing -- we expand the sourcing as we expand ships, but the ports that they are selling from are the same and so Shanghai and basically Tianjin. And so we are expanding the sourcing, we are reaching further out into the China market for guests, but in terms of -- the ports are pretty much the same.
David Bernstein: Yes, and Tim, when you look at it, same port year-over-year, we are actually hoping to do better year-over-year in the yields, but keep in mind, as Arnold indicated, we are looking at approximately a 50%, 60% capacity increase in China. So we are being cautious, as I indicated, in our guidance as we move forward into next year. But, remember, overall that China yields are better than the fleet average. It is only 5% of our overall business and it is a great market. And so it's a unit growth story and the operating income in China is improving quite dramatically from 2015 to 2016.
Tim Conder: Okay. I guess with the questioning on China, I was just trying to understand, as the industry has entered the market, you get the great prices and if you are growing penetration, should you still get that same price because everybody is coming from the same base of not knowing what a cruise is. So - or is it just trying to put a lot of capacity through a very tight funnel? Is that what's pulling the yields down? But I do get the thing that overall from a global mix standpoint, this is still very, very positive for yourselves and the industry.
Arnold Donald: Again, there are some discontinuities potentially in the market because of the way the distribution channel operates and where we are chartering ships and what have you. But philosophically, our intent is for strong pricing in China and China is a place where we are profitable. We intend to be profitable and if things started moving a different direction or prices plummeted too far, then we would pace the growth and we would change destinations for the ships. We don't have any interest in creating a market in China, that's a big discount market or anything like that.
Tim Conder: Okay, great. Thanks for the clarification.
Arnold Donald: But it's still above the fleet average.
Tim Conder: Okay. Thank you for the clarification and great year.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Milota: Hey, good morning, everyone. Two model-related questions here. Within your guidance, have you assumed any buybacks and if so, could you give us a dollar amount that's pegged there? And then secondly, on the income statement, what in the 3.10 to 3.40 EPS guidance, what are you factoring in for the fuel derivative net impact to EPS? Thank you.
David Bernstein: Sure. We did not include any - we did not assume any additional buybacks in our guidance. We had bought back a little over 8 million shares as of yesterday. We did assume that in our guidance, but we have not assumed any additional. And as I did mention, we probably still have another $900 million or $800 million from this point forward of free cash flow from last year that we can return to shareholders. As far as the 3.10 to 3.40, the fuel derivative, I think it was
Beth Roberts: It looks like about 200
David Bernstein: No, no, no, in 2016, it was $336 million of losses.
Kevin Milota: And that's on a net basis?
David Bernstein: Realized losses, yes.
Kevin Milota: Okay. And could you just confirm the dollar amount? So you did $300 million in buybacks in the fourth quarter and about $100 million or so here in the first quarter of '16?
David Bernstein: Yes, something close to that.
Kevin Milota: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan McKenzie with Buckingham Research. Please proceed with your question.
Dan McKenzie: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter. I am wondering if you can talk a little bit or just update us a little bit on your port expansion in Asia just in general and when any potential new ports might come online. And just tied to that, how you would expect that to benefit the China part of your business.
Arnold Donald: Over time, there's no question there's going to have to be additional ports in China and obviously, there are a number of local entities in China working on that if we are focused on China. To handle the volume in China, there's actually going to have to be expansion in ports surrounding China as well, so Taiwan, Korea, Japan. It will be necessary to expand the capacity of those ports to handle the Chinese guests. So that's all in discussion and under analysis and development and it is definitely going to be required as is expanding the cruise terminals in Shanghai and in Tianjin and points nearby there. Basically those same cities but different locations for the terminals. So all of that is underway. It's all going to take some time, but with the pace of things, keep in mind we can only build so many ships a year because there's only so many shipyards. There's demand right now everywhere in the world for cruising, so you are only going to move so many ships from other markets into the China market. So there is a natural pace to this that exists because again of the artifacts of the construct with shipyards and demand elsewhere in the world. So we are working diligently and I'm sure others are too and looking at different ports in China, as well as working with ports in Asia, throughout Asia, where the Chinese would want to sail to.
Dan McKenzie: I guess kind of what I'm wondering is if the ports would represent a capacity constraint to that part of the world because, as you think about outbound travel of China doubling by 2020, just given the macro volatility, that statistic is perhaps something less than that, but I'm guessing cruise ports aren't going to double by 2020. I'm just wondering if you can just
Arnold Donald: They probably won't. You are absolutely right. There is a bit of a constraint. But the other thing to think about is fly cruise for the Chinese, which helps demand in all the rest of the world markets. So the bulk of those 100 million tourists today are flying out to somewhere and so fly cruise for the Chinese to Europe, to North America, to Alaska, to the Caribbean, they become a huge source market for existing itineraries and that will be part of the opportunity as well.
Dan McKenzie: I see. Thanks for the color.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Affinity Research. Please proceed with your question.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning and congratulations on the great results. I had a couple of quick questions. Q1 is going to be probably a little bit stronger then Q2 and that's probably because you have much more of an exposure to the Caribbean in Q2, Europe may be somewhat weaker. We probably are still close to the Paris events and is it fair to assume that it's not going to be a bell curve sequentially Q1 through the rest of the year and that Q2 might be a slight downward blip?
David Bernstein: The reason that Q1 was better has a lot to do with the comparison to the prior year. It's got more favorable comparisons because the second, third and fourth quarter of last year were up more than the first quarter. So it's a little bit on the prior-year comparison. But your point is well taken. We talked about the Caribbean doing very well, talked about it being booked well-ahead. It's at nicely higher prices and as a result of that, the first quarter we do expect to be a little bit better than the remainder of the year in terms of the net revenue yield.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you, David. And the second question is more of a philosophical question, if you will. It seems that a lot of the newbuilds that are going to be headed to China in 2016 and 2017 and that's on an industry-wide basis are going to spend if they can the European summer season in Europe. Is that because you are trying to take advantage of that strong season despite the very good yields that you are getting in China?
Arnold Donald: We can't speak for others. We can only speak for ourselves and for us, our first newbuild going into China will be the Majestic Princess in 2017 with our Princess Cruise Lines. And our focus is to get her into China, she's purpose-built for China.
David Bernstein: She does do a little bit in Med.
Arnold Donald: And she does a little bit of Med, but the ships are built in Europe and have to be trans located over to their destination market. So in our case, she will do some inaugural stuff in Europe simply as a way to make her way over to China.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. Take care and again congratulations.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. David
David Bernstein: Operator, I guess we'll take one more question at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Brian Egger with Bloomberg. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Egger: Good morning. I just wanted to parse the language a little bit on your 2016 yield outlook. So in September, you had said that first-half cumulative bookings were well-ahead on lower constant dollar prices and now I think are saying first three quarters, they are well-ahead on slightly higher constant currency prices. So I just wanted to know if that generalization would be the same if you had revised that in constant dollar terms  just make there's no change in significance there.
David Bernstein: Yes, the most important thing, if I go back, we were behind in constant currency and as we said, for the last three quarters, prices were up and now we are ahead. And so it's been a good booking quarter for us, good volumes, higher prices, as Arnold indicated, an improving pricing trend and that's why we are forecasting the yield improvement. It was something we had expected would occur and it has occurred over the last 13 weeks.
Arnold Donald: But the difference isn't in the terminology -- or in the metric of constant dollar versus constant currency. The difference is actually in the bookings.
Brian Egger: Okay. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Hey, look, everyone, I want to thank you all for being on the call. Thank you for helping us celebrate what was really a great year. Happy holidays to everyone and I'll be a little unprofessional and say happy birthday to our Chief Financial Officer here. It's David Bernstein's birthday today, so David, happy birthday. Hey, everyone, thank you very much and happy holidays.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-09-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold W. Donald - President and CEO David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - IR
Analysts: Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities International Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Capital Markets Robin Farley - UBS James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company
Arnold W. Donald: Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. This is Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. I'd like to thank you all for joining us this morning. Today, I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison, by phone from Europe, and with me here in Miami are David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking, and therefore I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Our team continues to deliver along our path for a double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. In fact, we have just enjoyed a record quarter and are on track to achieve a nearly 35% annual non-GAAP earnings improvement. That's over $0.5 billion of year-over-year profit improvement on top of the 25% annual earnings improvement we achieved in 2014. This year is clearly trending ahead of pace with constant currency yield now forecasted to be up 4%. We overcame numerous headwinds including ongoing macroeconomic malaise in Europe, global geopolitical disruptions, public health scares like MERS, and even ship construction delays. Concerning construction delays, in the end, our cash position is essentially unchanged, but due to accounting treatment cash flow is transferred from the income statement reducing our earnings to the balance sheet. Again, this was another strong quarter for our Company, significantly exceeding the high end of our guidance at $0.17 per share above the midpoint. In fact, our non-GAAP performance year-over-year improved by $0.17 also, despite a slight drag from fuel and currency  by any measure, another quarter of strong operational execution. The strong demand environment that we have worked hard to cultivate enabled us to fill more close-end business at higher prices and higher occupancy levels. Constant currency net yield increased 5% in our seasonally strong summer season. We enjoyed strong performance on both sides of the Atlantic, particularly in North America, again led by the Carnival brand. Carnival Cruise Line achieved another double-digit improvement in revenue yield this quarter and is now expected to eclipse 2008 yield this year. The higher occupancy level combined with the continued rollout of onboard revenue initiative, leveraging our scale, helped to drive an improvement in onboard revenues despite the more difficult year-over-year comparisons that resulted from our prior year's success. China has clearly made world news in recent weeks but continues to be an aggressive growth region for us. In fact, we will grow to a six ship fleet next year from a base of four, strengthening our position as industry leader, yet still representing only 5% of our global capacity next year. Given the low penetration levels for cruise and the pent-up demand for travel, we remain very confident in the long-term potential for this expansive market. As importantly with less capacity growth in the rest of the world, only 2% in fact by our Company, we have an improved supply/demand balance in our core markets. During the quarter, we made progress on multiple initiatives designed to further out journeys toward consistent yield improvement by creating demand in excess of supply. Our public relations effort continues to outperform. We generated positive media impressions in the first half of this year that almost equalled our positive impressions for all of 2014, which were already well above the historical highs. In the first half, our brands generated 75% of the entire cruise industry's positive coverage, and as that even includes the recent announcement regarding Cuba, another industry first by our Company. As you know, last month we received a historic approval from the U.S. government to offer cruises to Cuba by our Fathom brand, which is still pending approval from the UN government. And the environment for travel to Cuba has just gotten even better with the recent changes proposed by the U.S. government. Fathom and Cuba are clearly garnering a lot of attention, generating over 18 billion media impressions from our Corporation since the brand launched. Clearly a combination of our efforts to increase demand not only built yield improvement this year but helped to build a solid base of bookings for 2016. We have continued to drive a significant lengthening in the booking curve and have less remaining to book for the first half than last year. That along with the continued optimization of our yield management practices increases confidence in our ability to drive yield improvement next year. We are moving forward on our initiative to leverage our scale and yield management. We have made the decision to invest and begun the initial implementation of a joint yield management system initially to be rolled out across six of our brands. We've also made progress with onboard revenue initiatives to leverage our scale. It's just one example in the area of beverage we concluded a cross-brand bar pricing exercise for Spirit that we are currently testing and rolling out, soon to be followed by similar exercises for soft drinks and [health wine]. We remain focused on exceeding guest expectations and customer feedback indicates that we continue to deliver on our guest experience. Intent to repeat is currently very strong across all our brands. We continue to heighten the guest experience not just aboard our vessels but through enhanced experiences at our port destinations, including our newest destination Amber Cove. Amber Cove, which is in Dominican Republic North Coast, will open next month. This strategically important port introduces an innovative new itinerary option in the Caribbean. The seven-day central Caribbean now joins our current seven-day Eastern and Western locations and will be our most fuel-efficient seven day Caribbean deployment. It will also bring new appeal to the Caribbean by showcasing the Amber Coast of the Dominican Republic where they mine for amber and there are over 27 waterfalls. This winter, six of our brands will feature Amber Cove in combination with other premier developments. Princess Cay, Half Moon Cay, and Grand Turk, all of which we own and operate. This allows an improved guest experience in keeping with our effort to consistently exceed guest expectations, and it's yet another powerful way we can leverage our scale and our balance sheet. All of these initiatives are building blocks for capturing the multi-year yield growth needed to deliver double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. We continue to look for opportunities to invest to drive yield in 2016 and beyond. At the same time, we remain focused on our initiative to contain costs by leveraging our scale. Good progress has been made delivering savings for 2015 in a variety of procurement areas, including air-travel, food, particularly produce, and hotel supplies like mattresses. We have further opportunities to leverage our scale to reduce costs, while maintaining and in many instances even enhancing the guest experiences in 2016 and beyond, including projects targeted at the areas of technical, ports, and shore experiences. These projects will be rolled out over a multi-year periods and help to offset inflation. Concerning sustainability, just last week we published our sustainability goals. We continue to reduce our environmental footprint as evidenced by our 2% fuel consumption reduction in the third quarter and remain on track for a 2% consumption reduction this year. In the area of talent development, we have made further talent development in China by relocating to Shanghai seasoned cruise executive, Michael Ungerer, to the newly created position of Chief Operations Officer for Asia. Long time executive and a rising talent, Felix Eichhorn, replaces Michael as President of AIDA Cruises. We remain focused on measured capacity growth by delivering innovative and significantly more efficient ships while at the same time removing from service less efficient capacity. During the quarter we announced Costa Cruises will build two new cruise ships to be delivered in 2019 and 2020 as part of our previously announced agreement with Meyer to construct four next-generation cruise ships, having previously announced the other two ships will be dedicated to AIDA Cruises in the German market. These ships will be the most efficient in our fleet and have the largest guest capacity in the world through innovative design comfortably accommodating up to 6,600 guests. They will also be the first in the industry to be powered by LNG, both at sea and at portfolio, and in addition we have a host of guest experience innovations yet to be announced. Our newbuild program continues to be self-funded through our strong cash flow which will exceed $4 billion in 2015, still with cash remaining. We remain committed to returning this cash to shareholders as demonstrated in our most recent quarter with a 20% increase in our recurring annual dividend to $1.20 per share. Dividend distributions now exceed $900 million annually. Along our path for double-digit return on invested capital, our already strong cash flow will continue to build. We look forward to further enhancing total shareholder returns by distributing even more cash to shareholders over time. The path to double-digit return on invested capital may not always be a straight line. Obviously in any given year we may be ahead of pace or more challenged to keep the pace. Be assured regardless, we continue to have a clear line of sight on delivering double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. And with that, I would now like to turn it over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in constant currency, unless otherwise stated. Ill start today with a summary of our record third quarter non-GAAP results and then provide an update on our full year 2015 guidance. I'll continue with some insights into booking trends for the first half of 2016 and I'll finish up with some preliminary color on the full year 2016. Our non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter was $1.75. As Arnold indicated, it was $0.17 above the midpoint of our June guidance. The improvement was driven by three things. First, $0.10 from net revenue yields due to better than anticipated ticket and onboard yields. Second, $0.04 for the lowering net cruise cost without fuel due to the timing of expenses between the third and fourth quarters. Lastly, $0.03 from the favorable impact of fuel price and currency. Now, turning to the third quarter operating results versus the prior year, our net ticket yields were up almost 5%. The increase in net ticket yields was driven by our North American brands with double-digit yield improvements in the Caribbean and mid-single-digit yield improvements in Alaska. Onboard and other yields increased over 5% with both sides of the Atlantic up. Net cruise cost per ALBD excluding fuel was up 2%. This was driven in part by the previously discussed increase in dry dock days for the year. During the third quarter, we did benefit from the impact of lower fuel prices which were more than offset by the stronger dollar. The net impact of fuel and currency was just $0.02 unfavorable versus the prior year as these two items acted as a hedge of each other. In summary, third quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.17 higher than the prior year, mainly driven by improved net revenue yields worth $0.26, partially offset by higher net cruise cost without fuel costing $0.05. Now looking at our full year 2015 guidance, as Arnold indicated, we now expect net revenue yields to be up approximately 4% versus the prior year, which is at the higher end of our June guidance range of 3% to 4%. Net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD are now expected to be up approximately 3.5%, essentially the same as our June guidance. For 2015, we are now forecasting the benefit from the net impact of fuel and currency by $0.25. Taking all these factors into consideration, I'm pleased to say that we have increased our non-GAAP EPS guidance for the full year 2015 to a range of $2.56 to $2.60 versus $1.93 for 2014. The midpoint of our full year guidance range increased $0.16 while we beat the midpoint of our June guidance in the third quarter by $0.17. However, $0.04 of the third quarter's $0.17 was due to the timing of expenses between the third and fourth quarters, so only $0.13 from the third quarter flows through to the full year. For the fourth quarter, we increased our revenue forecast by $0.04 and we expect an additional $0.03 benefit from the net impact of fuel and currency. All of this is partially offset by the delayed delivery of the AIDAprima which we are forecasting to have a $0.04 impact versus our previous guidance. While we will be compensated by the shipyard in 2016 for the late delivery, the accounting rules require that the compensation be treated as a reduction to the cost of the ship on the balance sheet and not flow through to the P&L, which essentially transfers the benefit from the P&L to the balance sheet in the near-term. Since we have been made hold from a cash flow perspective, there is no change in the enterprise value. Let's turn to booking trends for 2016. Bookings for the first half of 2016 taken during the last quarter have been very strong, up nearly 20% at lower constant dollar prices. At this point in time, cumulative fleet-wide bookings for the first half of 2016 are also nicely ahead at lower constant dollar prices. As Arnold indicated, we have continued to drive a significant lengthening of the booking curve. Despite the almost 3% capacity increase in the first half of 2016, we have less remaining inventory to sell than last year and this gives us increased confidence in our ability to drive yield improvement as we continue to optimize our yield management practices. Now let's drill into the cumulative bookings position for the first half of 2016. For our North American brands, the pattern is the same as fleet-wide, bookings are nicely ahead at lower constant dollar prices. The lower constant dollar prices are driven by unfavorable transactional currency impacts and our strategy to [build] [ph] earlier and mitigate discounting closer to the sale base. For our European, Australia and Asia brand, also known as our EAA brand, bookings are in line with the prior year at lower constant dollar prices driven by the continuing economic challenges these brands faced throughout 2015. Finally, I want to provide you with some color on 2016. Although it's early, 2016 appears to be shaping up to be another good year. We are forecasting capacity to increase 3.7%. For 2016, we are expecting to see constant currency net revenue yield improvement. I will provide guidance on the December call when we have more visibility. On the cost side, net cruise cost without fuel per ALBD could be up slightly next year. While we expect a year-over-year benefit from fewer dry dock days and additional savings from leveraging our scale, these cost reductions could be offset by inflation in certain areas of our business and investments to drive yield improvements and develop new markets, both of which are under evaluation. We are working through our planning process now and we'll be meeting with the brands next month and expect the finalized decision shortly thereafter. As we discussed on previous conference calls, we increased our capital expenditures for a variety of vessel enhancement projects and exhaust gas cleaning systems to meet the eco requirements without having to utilize a more expensive fuel grade. We have made excellent progress on both these areas and most aspects of these investments are expected to be completed by the end of 2016. With the increase in using capital investments as well as new ship deliveries, we expect depreciation expense to be $1.8 billion in 2016, approximately $0.20 higher than 2015. We experienced a similar trend in 2015 but was ultimately masked by currency movements. As I previously mentioned, the delay in delivery of the AIDAprima had an impact on our 2015 guidance. We are currently anticipating that this delay will also likely impact 2016. We will be compensated by the shipyard for the 2016 impact as well, but like I mentioned earlier, it will reduce the cost of the ship on the balance sheet and not flow through the P&L in 2016. Although AIDAprima will be delivered late, we are expecting her to be a fantastic ship which will provide an incredible experience for our German guests for many years to come. Despite the lower price of fuel, we remain committed to continuing fuel consumption reduction. Given the timing of our investments in this area, we expect fuel consumption on a unit basis to decline 1% to 2% for 2016. Lastly, at the current spot prices for fuel, we expect a $0.20 benefit in 2016. However, we do expect this will be partially offset by the stronger U.S. dollar which will cost us approximately $0.10 based on current FX rates, most of which will impact the first half of 2016. And now I'll turn it back to Arnold.
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you, David. We're now happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please proceed.
Harry Curtis: I'm hoping to drill down into the somewhat more conservative than expected outlook for both yields and cost in the fourth quarter. In your guidance, it would imply that there's been a sequential decline in your pricing power in the fourth quarter, and so my first question is if you could address whether or not there has been a sequential decline?
Arnold W. Donald: So there are a couple of factors involved. We have first of all more difficult comparisons in the fourth quarter than the earlier quarters. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2014, we were up 2.8% whereas in the quarters prior we were up 1.8%, actually now 2.2% in the third quarter. And so, it's a tougher comparison. That's one aspect. And in addition, we are still facing some continued headwinds in Europe that can affect yield. But overall, we are very pleased with the yield result for this year, and we have increased our overall guidance for the year in terms of results and are looking to finish the year strong, and with the lengthening in the booking curve going to next year, well-positioned for continued yield improvement.
Harry Curtis: How much space do you still have to fill for the fourth quarter, is there still some opportunity there to see some stronger pricing in these quarter-end bookings?
David Bernstein: Typically, we say for the current quarter, we're at 85% plus booked. I mean so we are very strongly booked. We gave our best guess. And given the strong close in bookings that we saw in the third quarter is part of the reason why we took up the yield guidance for the fourth quarter. And by the way, we took it up both on the ticket and the onboard side. And so that was the $0.04 improvement that I was talking about in revenue yield for the fourth quarter. So there might be some more upside, but basically we gave you our best shot at the overall yield for the fourth quarter.
Beth Roberts: And on the cost side, could you comment on the fourth quarter cost?
David Bernstein: Sure. Harry, on the fourth quarter costs, remember as I commented on the third quarter, what we had indicated was that there was a seasonalization of cost between the third and fourth quarters, so there's about $0.04 of cost that we do still expect to spend for the full year, but we flow it into the fourth quarter, which drove that number up. A lot of that was advertising, and it just has to do with the timing between the quarters.
Arnold W. Donald: And the decision to invest to drive revenue and yields next year. Go ahead, Harry.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And just the last piece of it, on the timing of the delay, and did I read this correctly that that should also impact the fourth quarter by $0.04?
David Bernstein: Yes. And remember, Harry, we've said this many times in the call before, it's very hard to get the timing of expenses between the quarters correct and you really have to kind of judge us on the full year, and we didn't make any change in the overall cost for the full year, it's just a flip-flop between the quarters.
Harry Curtis: The reason I'm drilling down into it, and I appreciate that is that we've gotten a number of questions on why the yields are so sequentially or apparently weaker and then the cost apparently higher, so I'm just trying to drill into that a bit more, but thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Steve Kent: Just to follow up, just quickly on what Harry just said about this is once again a beat and raise quarter, and then the guide seems to be once again a little bit lighter than people expected. Besides the stock implications, I just wanted to know from an operating environment, how do you focus your organization on goals if you seem to be not getting to them quarter to quarter? And then separately, the yield management system which is interesting that you're going to integrate all of them, at least integrate six brands together, are you using an outside consultant and are there potential for integration or any other issues, which sometimes seen that with other companies and I just wanted to see how that process is going to work?
Arnold W. Donald: First of all, I'll take the second part first, on the yield management, revenue management system, its just a system, so it's a platform and it involves the [indiscernible] modeling and inquiry systems and what have you, we'll just go to a common platform that six brands will initially adopt and over time the other brands may migrate to it as well. Each of the brands have their own revenue management system today, very different platforms, some are more sophisticated than others. So, this will be an overall enhancement, so two. And obviously we are using outside resources to help us develop to and implementation has already begun. So, it's part of work that we have undertaken over the last couple of years. In terms of setting goals and whatnot, first of all we think about it over the long-term as well as annually, and we manage the business to double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. To do that, we have to have solid yield growth, we have to contain costs, and we have to be disciplined in capital management. Our teams have performed very well. This year, we just had record earnings, we feel very good about it, we just increased guidance for the year, and we are marching forward. In fact, we are ahead of pace based on this year and that's why I put in the caution that we don't expect always to be ahead of pace, but this year we are ahead of pace. We are going to grow earnings 35% and that's despite drag of a few pennies net of fuel and currency compared to prior year.
Beth Roberts: I'd just like to add on the fourth quarter that the comparison for transactional currency is greater in the fourth quarter, so on a constant currency basis the fourth quarter yields are up 3% relative to the third quarter which was up 5%. And again, the sequential from last year had much more difficult comps in the fourth quarter of last year.
Steve Kent: Okay, so thank you for that color both of you. Just, Arnold, on the yield management system, because I think it is very interesting and I think it shows the integration that you have started to put through within the different brands, is it really just so that they can see some of the trends that one brand is seeing, so it's really more informational or are you going to start to link some of the pricing and mechanisms together, or is that sort of step two at some point?
Arnold W. Donald: The reality is again is the behavior of communicating, coordinating and collaborating. So the yield, the revenue management instrument itself is a combined ideation of best practices across the brands and then new ideas from the outside and inside. So it's an elevation of capabilities that we are going to introduce, and six of the brands can adopt it at once. The other brands already have more sophisticated revenue management tools and will migrate over time as we make the enhancements and refinements to the basic system once it's in place. So the reality here is, our brands are very different from each other, they compete in different typographic markets, but they can learn from each other and common itineraries and common regions of the world and intelligence in terms of what's happening with booking curves and reactions, especially since they all tend to extend chasing newer cruise than chasing different newer cruise individuals because of the typographic profile, but they are all chasing newer cruise. So we've had benefit to date which is why we have had some of the outstanding operating results we've had and this too will allow us to capture even more benefit, regardless of the environment.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed.
Felicia Hendrix: David, in the release and then also in your prepared remarks, you gave us some color on the booking curve and on pricing next year. I'm wondering when you all talk about the pricing being at lower constant dollar prices for next year relative to better bookings, can you give us that color in constant currency? Is it also down year-over-year in constant currency?
David Bernstein: We don't have all the details in constant currency in bookings, which is why I gave it to you in constant dollar, but we can clearly see a portion of it, as I indicated in my remarks, for the North American brands was attributed to the transactional currency impact. So that's part of it.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes and I recall you saying that, so that's why I was wondering, it was kind of begging the question, if it were just for the transactional currency or the pricing, is the pricing up?
David Bernstein: The pricing would still be down, but less. But overall when you look at this, Felicia, when you look at the whole position, you got to keep in mind that it's not about where we are today, it's about where our goals and what do we want to be at the end of the day when we closeout the first, second, third and fourth quarter of 2016, and we are driving the booking curve ahead, we're well positioned, we said we have less to sell. And so what we are looking to do is to mitigate the discounting that's closer into the sale and to drive yields up for 2016, and we feel very good with all the things that Arnold talked about relative to yield management practices and other things and we feel very confident we'll be able to do that in 2016.
Felicia Hendrix: That's great to hear because we're just getting a lot of questions from investors about the pricing power of your brands because it seems like you are in a very good position, and Arnold, you said earlier that Carnival was booked at better pricing than you have seen since 2008, so just questions on why the pricing, why you wouldn't have more pricing power now?
David Bernstein: Keep in mind though, when you start putting all this together, keep in mind that we don't necessarily have to raise prices from where we are to finish-up up. If we discount less as we go forward, which is something we have been talking about for quite a while now, that we will finish the year 2016 with increased yields, as I indicated in my prepared remarks.
Arnold W. Donald: I think the simplest statement we can make is for those who are considering cruising next year is, better to book now, because this is the best time for them to book.
Felicia Hendrix: That's very helpful, thank you. And Arnold, you've been consistent with your outlook for getting to double-digit ROIC, consistently staying up three to four years. Just wondering if you could help us understand what the starting point or the potential ending point is in terms of year?
Arnold W. Donald: In the next three or four years.
Felicia Hendrix: So are we starting from today or starting from?
Arnold W. Donald: No, that's three or four years from today, yes. So if fuel stays low and currency improves for us, meaning the dollar weakens [indiscernible] gets stronger, then we get there sooner. If not, we'll get there in that timeframe or at the tail end of it, dependent on what happens with all those dynamics, but fundamentally we started out four to five years last year, we are down to three to four, next year we'll be down to two to three.
David Bernstein: Just as a point of reference, at the midpoint of our September guidance, we'll be about 7% ROIC for 2015.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steven M. Wieczynski: Going back to David, in 2016, I understand when you talk about pricing being down, it makes sense, especially in North America, given your pricing strategy, but when you look at the EAA markets, I guess that's the one that's a little bit more surprising. So what I'm trying to get at is, as you look at the EAA markets, are there any markets that would particularly stand out to you that are a little bit more challenging at this point?
David Bernstein: Overall, Continental Europe is probably more challenging. When you think about all of the economic difficulties and the geopolitical issues and the growing refugee concerns, that's the area that has had the most challenges in terms of pricing for 2016, but we've had these challenges all year in 2015 to some extent and we are forecasting that we are going to get yield improvement for our EAA brands for 2015. So hopefully despite all these challenges, we'll be able to do that in 2016 as well. And one of the things to keep in mind as well is we are also seeing a transfer, we have announced the Costa Fortuna will be going to Asia in 2016. So Costa will have reduced capacity, which also helps play in less supply in this type of environment which should help yields for 2016.
Arnold W. Donald: The other comment too is to just keep in mind, and I know why you guys focused on yield and we do too, but there is another aspect to this, we can be return accretive and drive return on invested capital in certain markets across certain brands, even with some challenging yield, and that results from just capacity additions and overall improvement in total mix and onboard revenues, et cetera. So while yield is definitely a key metric and we totally focus on it as well, slower than you might expect yield growth does not necessarily equals slower than you might expect return accretion.
Steven M. Wieczynski: And just to follow up on that, the Asian component of that EAA, you guys are still pretty encouraged about what you are seeing so far for 2016?
Arnold W. Donald: Absolutely. Asia, again that will be a good case in point, China yields may come down a bit but they're going to be return accretive because of the significant increase in capacity. Now at the same time, with that capacity increase, they are still going to represent 5% of our total capacity, and by having the capacity there, it actually reduces our capacity growth in the rest of the world. And so we won't be happy even though we have 3.7% capacity growth for next year. Only 2% of it is outside of the Asian market. And so 2% capacity growth in the rest of the world is reasonably conservative growth for us in the current environment, which is also good.
Steven M. Wieczynski: David, can I ask you one more question in terms of the NCC, I know you talked about next year that that being slightly up or that's what you guys are seeing right now, I guess maybe what is driving, what potentially would drive that up next year, and is there anything, are there any levers that you guys can pull, especially on the marketing side given where the Carnival brand is in terms of their pricing now relative to where it was back in 2008?
Arnold W. Donald: Just real quickly before David comments, and we will give you guys full guidance in December, we are about to go through our planning meetings that David mentioned, we are evaluating all the reviews from the brands in terms of investment spending they may want to make in digital media, broadcast media, events and PR, promotions and other things to drive demand. So we'll take a hard look at all that. Our plan is to deliver the double-digit return on invested capital and we're not going to save our way there but we also have a focus on cost containment. And as I've mentioned to you in previous calls, we are focused on cost containment for two reasons, one is the drag on earnings, but the other one is it creates the dollars to invest to drive revenue. And so we are achieving the cost savings that we set out to do, and then the question is, whether that will flow through the bottom line, are we going to invest them to drive yield. The investments we have made to date appear to have paid off because of the significant improvements and the business and we'll be taking a hard look at that going forward.
David Bernstein: And I went through some of the areas, I mean Arnold just talked about the investments that we could potentially make and we'll evaluate, but the other things that I had mentioned in my notes are the fact that while headline inflation is zero, because of commodity prices there is inflation in certain areas of our business and we built that into our 2016 numbers as well. But offsetting all of that, we are looking at leveraging our scale. We had talked about the fact that we saved $70 million to $80 million in 2015 and we're working hard to do something similar for 2016 and we also have some benefit from the reduced drydock days as well. So it's a combination of all those things which let me to give you guidance that cost could be up slightly next year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: So I do have a question that I was in line for already, but first I just wanted to clarify, Arnold, you just said something about Asia yield, I'm just wondering was that a theoretical comment, you said something about Asia yields may come down next year but it would still be return accretive, was that kind of theoretical or is that describing what you're seeing with yields?
Arnold W. Donald: It's too early to delve on that but it's plausible and it's possible, but it's too early to conclude that at this point in time. But what would not be too early to conclude is that if the yields come down, it will still be return accretive. Robin, I'm surprised you're this deep into the call. If I heard a question from you, so normally
Robin Farley: I tried to get in line earlier. So I just wanted to clarify, so that was, you weren't giving that as a guidance, you were just sort of saying as theoretical
Arnold W. Donald: No, that was for example.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. And then so my original question was this, I think the comments about expenses shifting between quarters and your yields going up for this year, I think that's pretty straightforward that it's a better outlook than the year started. My question was really on 2016, and I know that David you mentioned that certain things about the base of comparison getting better means that your prices wouldn't necessarily have to change, but I guess I just wanted to clarify, in your June release you talked about 2016 prices being lower due to FX, and then in this release you said prices are lower in constant currency, and so I understand that lower prices but higher volume means that you can raise prices as you get closer, but can you just kind of clarify if we were talking about apples to apples, what you are seeing now versus what you were seeing in June, just because the commentary and the release is kind of on a different basis, so just sort of what happened with pricing for 2016 just since June?
David Bernstein: It's really an apples and oranges comparison because in June the comments that we were making related to the back half of 2015, the last two quarters, and the first quarter of 2016, whereas the comments I made here related to the first half of 2016. So because the prior year comparisons are different, it's hard to read in and these are apples and oranges comparison because they are different time periods.
Robin Farley: So if you were talking about just the 2016, what would you have seen just incrementally since June on just the 2016?
David Bernstein: As we had indicated in the third quarter, I mean we had seen a 20% increase in volume. I mean we were very pleased with the volume but we did say it was at lower prices, so we are driving the booking curve ahead, and overall we believe we'll get yield improvement for 2016.
Arnold W. Donald: I will just add to David's comment to December, it's too early to give yield guidance for 2016, but if you're saying what's the feeling compared to June, I would just say that we remain very confident in our ability to drive directionally towards the double-digit return on invested capital in next three or four years. To do that, we have to have solid yield improvement and we feel very confident, probably even more confident than we did in June, that we can deliver on solid yield improvement next year, and that's despite some of the headwinds that today exist in Europe, and by the time we get to December maybe those things won't be the same, but today with some of the headwinds in Europe, geopolitical, macroeconomic malaise, the intense tension over there around the refugee situation, that has affected all travel, not just cruise but all travel. So those things may still be present or they may wane between now and when we get to December, but we will give you full guidance then.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed.
James Hardiman: A couple of quick follow-ups here. So sort of going back to handicapping the yield guide for the fourth quarter, remind us what the mix of business is between the Caribbean and Europe 3Q versus 4Q? I don't know if you have those numbers in front of you but it seems to me that your mix of European business goes down, your mix of Caribbean business goes way up, European business is trending not quite as well as or not nearly as well as your Caribbean business, it sounds like. So it seems like there is a pretty nice sequential yield benefit just from mix. Help us dimentionalize that, am I thinking about that the right way?
Beth Roberts: I think I'll just start with a general comment. From a deployment standpoint, I think that's a fair statement, and David will certainly comment on those numbers, but I think the comment we are making from a source market perspective, we are still sourcing a substantial amount of consumers in the third and fourth quarter and that doesn't change from quarter to quarter. On the deployment, in terms of whether ships are sailing, David?
David Bernstein: In the third quarter, it's about a quarter of our capacity is in the Caribbean and 45% in Europe, and that goes up to 30% in the Caribbean in the fourth quarter and Europe goes down to 30%. So you are right, there are more ships in the Caribbean and less in Europe in total in the fourth quarter than the third, but I think you have to remember that on a year-over-year basis it was a similar trend in 2014. And so when you are comparing year-over-year, you are comparing then apples and apples, and as Arnold indicated, we saw some pretty good yield improvement in the fourth quarter of 2014, and so as a result of that yield improvement, we are guiding to 3% constant currency yield increase in the fourth quarter, which may be down slightly from the third, but remember the fourth quarter last year was higher than the third quarter last year in improvement. So it is a more difficult comparison.
James Hardiman: Got it, that makes sense. And then maybe this is slicing the information a little bit too finely, but obviously at the end of your quarter, at the end of August, stock market was in freefall. Could you see any discernible change in demand over that period of time, and if so, has that then recovered so far during the month of September?
Arnold W. Donald: We did not see any falloff in demand related to stock market or general economic fluctuations, none whatsoever.
James Hardiman: Okay. And then just last question for me, sort of going back to this lengthening of the booking curve, basically it seems like, David, what you are saying here is that we should very much expect bookings to be up and prices maybe to be flat to down just based on how you are doing your pricing strategy. I guess the question is, A, is that right, is that what we should expect going forward, and B, does that have any impact on your guidance in that a lot of the pricing strength that you are going to get is ultimately going to be close in? I guess the other way to put it is, are you assuming that close-in pricing is better in your guidance or are you sticking to a wait-and-see approach with respect to the close-in numbers in light of the new pricing strategy?
David Bernstein: By moving the booking, driving the booking curve further out, we are actually hoping to have a lot less to sell closer in overall and we are looking at it as a situation where as we have said before, what we want to do is have people book early, it is the best time to book because the pricing will only go up and there won't be last-minute deep discounting to fill those cabins. That's the strategy we've been talking about for about two years now. And so as a result of that, I think we're on the right path towards good yield improvement for 2016.
Arnold W. Donald: There are other factors in addition to transactional currency and stuff that influence the appearance of early pricing and yields. We have targeted affinity groups that some of the brands target. They book earlier that kind of make the yield look lower, but in fact it's just coming sooner then it's spread over time with those affinity groups. Those affinity groups have big onboard spend patterns and overall we yield in total very nicely on those. Of course we don't have the onboard revenue yield factored in to this at this point in time. So there are a lot of dynamics that can influence what it looks like early. Some of it is just pricing philosophy of a brand and some is just booking patterns and charters and all that can come into play as well as affinity groups to fill out cabin to drive onboard revenue.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Jaime M. Katz: Most of my questions have been answered but I'm curious if you guys have changed your hedging strategy at all now that energy prices are pretty low and they look like they're going to be sustained at low levels for some time going ahead?
Arnold W. Donald: Our policy has been to use the cash flow as collars. We have already I believe 48% of 2016 already collared and the future pricing which is what you have to establish the collars on, is not the same of course as the spot pricing. At this point in time we have seen no advantage to unwinding those collars or anything to that effect. When we looked at it once earlier this year, we would take them and then if we had done it, we would have lost on both ends, unwinding and then setting new collars. And so at this point wouldn't have any particular plans to change but we review it constantly.
David Bernstein: And we also, as you can see in our filings, we have got the cash flow collars for 2017 and 2018 as well, and so we are well positioned and well hedged at this point in time, but we continually re-evaluate it as Arnold indicated. Arnold and Mickey and I and Josh Weinstein, our Treasurer, frequently get together and talk about it and take a look at it and review input from other sources as well.
Jaime M. Katz: Okay. And then for Europe, you guys had discussed a couple of areas that were struggling. Was there any geography that came in really well ahead of expectations overseas?
Arnold W. Donald: First comment I'd like to make is that our European brands have performed well. So I don't want to leave an impression like they are stumbling and bumbling or anything, they performed well, and as David mentioned, EAA [indiscernible] despite all the stuff we've been talking about, and that has occurred this year, we have seen yield improvement and have seen return improvement. So that's the first comment. The second comment is that Continental Europe has been hit hardest. We have seen, we have the 175th anniversary year for Cunard, that was a very successful year for the Cunard brand. We had the spectacular launch of the Britannia which helped elevate the entire P&O brand. So the U.K. did well, very well this year. And again, AIDA continues to perform in Germany despite capacity introduction from competitors as well as just also the impact of sailings related to geopolitical tensions and so on and so forth. But the brands continue to do well and are doing better collectively than they have in the past and we expect that to continue into next year despite the challenges.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Tim Conder: Just a couple of things here on the booking curve, you mentioned several times that you'll continue to push to lengthen that or being successful in doing so. Historically, if we go back pre lot of incidents and the financial crisis from that, the industry was running about a six-month window on bookings. Could you tell us specifically where you're at right now and sort of where do you consider the sweet nirvana spot to balance that, don't give away too much upside on remaining bookings versus give enough all into persuade the consumer that they will understand and get the best price the earlier they book?
David Bernstein: The sweet spot will vary over time as you would expect, as people change, environments change and those types of things. So I don't think there is a nirvana. That's something that we continue to look at over time and will evaluate that. But where we stand today, as I talked about in my notes, the North American brands were well ahead. So the North American brands are at a higher end of the historical booking curve whereas the EAA brands, which I said were in line with the prior year, while they are still within the historical booking curves, they are at the lower half of the historical booking curve. So it's a mix of two worlds. As we have talked before, the strength of the economy in North America clearly has helped shape the booking curves in the two segments of our business.
Tim Conder: And, David, is there a specific number where you are on a global blended basis or a specific, those ranges of historical booking curve ranges that you are referring to?
David Bernstein: We've given you the ranges before, and as I said, North America is in the higher half and EAA is in the lower half, and for competitive reasons that's all the detail I want to share.
Tim Conder: Okay, fair. Regarding the 2016 cost that you said would be up slightly at this point, on that cruise cost, should we think about that you are winding down the accelerated dry docks in the first half of 2016, and therefore from a cadence standpoint all else being equal, and assuming that you are increased marketing or other investments would be spread evenly, would we expect the first half of the year to have a little more skew of that higher cost versus the back half?
David Bernstein: It's very early to tell, so it's very hard. We have not gone through, we have a difficult time and uptime analyzing it quarter by quarter within 2015, as you saw the timing of expenses between the third and fourth quarters that I referred to. So it's very difficult to tell this early in the year where we are. The one thing that I did mention relating to the first quarter or the first half is that there is a significant transactional currency impact, particularly in the first quarter. And so as you think about next year, keep that in mind.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed.
Assia Georgieva: This is Assia. I will just ask one question. Given that last year Europe was surprisingly a strong performer, was [indiscernible] this year the Caribbean seems to be the star performer. So it seems that especially for Q4 and Q1, when we have a lot more of the ships being deployed in the Caribbean and the Bahamas, there probably is a lot of upside especially given your good booked position at this point. Would you, Arnold and David and Beth, agree with this?
Arnold W. Donald: I would say again, we're not going to give any more guidance for 2016, it's too early for us. But the reality is that Carnival outperformed late last year as well and they continue to outperform throughout this year, the Carnival brand, which is primarily in the Caribbean. They have had an outstanding year with strong demand and strong yield, as reflected in everything we said to this point and reflected on the fact we've raised guidance for the full year. So we have a lot of momentum there and we feel very good about it, but at this point it's too early to give firm yield guidance on anything for 2016.
Assia Georgieva: And Arnold, it seems that the Carnival brand was very helpful in terms of the excellent Q3 results?
Arnold W. Donald: Absolutely, yes. All the brands [indiscernible]. We had growth in both sides of the Atlantic, as David pointed out, but the Carnival brand definitely outperformed again, yes.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. Thank you, Arnold, for taking my questions. Again congratulations on a great Q3.
David Bernstein: We'll take one more call, operator.
Operator: The last question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: So two quick questions, I guess capacity growth, did that change for the fourth quarter given the AIDA delay and what are you expecting for capacity now?
Beth Roberts: Yes, it did change a little bit. For the year, our capacity growth came down to 1.7% and for the fourth quarter it's 2.3%.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, perfect. And then I think you changed some commission structure elements at the Carnival brand. Can you talk about that and kind of what the travel agent response has been and whether that's something you are assessing within the other brands?
Arnold W. Donald: Fundamentally for the Carnival brand, to get everyone up to speed, we basically allow people to achieve a certain payout at a lower tier level in the commission structure. That was a combination of one acknowledgment to travel professional partners for the great work and contributions they have made to our success this year, and also just the recognition for the brand and their Carnival conversations discussing the travel professionals, changes that the travel professionals thought would really make a difference and would balance things from their perspective. So it's in response to input from the travel professional partners and the acknowledgment of their contributions and what we thought it would take to help them help us sustain the momentum. Each brand does their own evaluation. The brands have some overlap in travel professional partners. There is also [indiscernible] because the guests are different, and each brand makes its own evaluation, and Carnival brand was starting from a different point, just some of the other brands were so that all of the brands will make independently their decision.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, great. Thank you.
Arnold W. Donald: Everyone, thank you very much again. We appreciate your interest. We feel great about the quarter. We have increased guidance for the year. We feel strongly looking ahead that we are on a good path to deliver the double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. We see solid yield improvements for next year. We'll give you actual yield guidance and stuff in December as well as tighter cost guidance for the future, but we feel very good about the business and the momentum and we thank you for your interest.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-06-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Micky Arison - Chairman Arnold Donald - CEO David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - IR VP
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Harry Curtis - Nomura Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Jaime Katz - Morningstar Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Kevin Milota - JPMorgan Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Stuart Gordon - Berenberg Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Edward Friedman - McLean & Partners
Operator: Abrupt Start CEO of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Thank you all for joining us for our Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today, Im joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; by David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer and by Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. Before I begin, please note that some of the remarks on this call will be forward-looking, I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Our team has continued to make strong progress so far this year as we march toward our goal of double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. In the first half of 2015, albeit from a low base, our earnings are up five-fold year-over-year and we are well on our way to our second consecutive year of 25% annual earnings improvement. This was another strong quarter for our company more than doubling the earnings from the prior year and significantly exceeding guidance by $0.12 per share, of which only $0.02 resulted from further improvement and a combination of fuel and currency. All of our North American brands had a strong performance led by the Carnival Brand, which achieved a double-digit improvement in ticket revenue yield, a testament to the strength of the Carnival cruise line product and the brand team's incredible execution in delivering a vacation experience that truly resonates with our guests. The Fun Ship 2.0 features including Guy's Burger Joint, The Punchliner Comedy Show and Seuss at Sea, to name just a few examples are continuing to elevate the guest experience. The series of investments in product innovation, travel, agent engagement, and marketing have delivered, and the brand continues to outperform. The power of our diversified portfolio overcame the Continental European brand challenges for macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties. During the quarter, we made progress on multiple initiatives designed to further out journey to our consistent yield improvement by creating demand in excess of supply. Our award-winning public relations effort is providing ongoing opportunity to address new cruisers by creating more conversations around cruising. A good example of our ongoing public relations effort was demonstrated by Cunard creating nearly one billion media impressions around its 175th anniversary celebrations as the three Queens took center stage and what may have been the largest attendance at a single day maritime event anywhere in the world. To witness and to feel the deep sense of pride and awe emanating from its estimated 1.3 million people packed on both banks of the Murphy stretching the 22 miles from Liverpool to the mouth of the River as the three Queens; Elizabeth, Victoria and the iconic Queen Mary II did their own version of a river dance had a phenomenal display of engineering and maritime technical excellence and execution. It was an incredibly uplifting and moving experience. For several hours, the million plus onlookers were totally captivated by our ship and Cunard, and Im always moved by the deep connection of our brands, our history, and what we do collectively without just our guests with the broader communities they represent around the world. It was a job exceedingly well done by our Cunard and Carnival UK Shipboard and short-side team members, whose execution was a marvel on to itself. The event drove a tremendous amount of public interest as I had mentioned and followed on the heels of the incredible launch of Britannia christened by Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth the IInd, an event itself, which drew significant international attention and showcased cruising on a global scale. While training demand through events such as these, we continue to manage capacity growth in our core source markets in North America and Europe by redeploying capacity towards emerging markets attracting increasing numbers of new to cruise. With additional capacity, redeployed to China in 2016, we will offer an industry-leading approximately four million passenger cruise days dedicated to the burgeoning China cruise market, thats substantially more than our closest competitor. Moreover, in 2017, our Princess Brand wants the first ship to be purpose built for Chinese consumers, that's an industry first. While today China represents just 5% of our global guests, its growth will continue to have significant ancillary benefits by constraining capacity in our core markets in both North America and Europe. So growth prospects in China contribute to enhance relative scarcity elsewhere in which we market the remaining 95% of our capacity. Over time, we are confident that China will become among the largest source markets for cruise given the increasingly favorable demographic trend and high satisfaction scores we are commanding. Chinese outbound travel is expected to double by 2020, and we are certainly well positioned to capitalize on the explosive pent-up demand for international travel following the recent easing of travel restrictions coupled with the booming upper middle class. Beyond the growth opportunity in China, we're accessing a new segment of the global market with the launch of our test brand in the Carnival Corporation of family [indiscernible] . The purpose is to do good, and in doing so we do expect the assets to perform financially as well. We believe U.S., UK, Australia, and Northern Europe over index with travelers in this segment. Fathom will offer travelers authentic, meaningful experiences to target destinations to work alongside locals for transformational community impact. At the same time, Fathom creates a holistic sustained impact through a market-driven business model. Now this is a new travel category for us. Importantly, from a pure business perspective, Fathom generates a totally different conversation around cruising, stimulating greater demand for cruising in general. To date, Fathom has already garnered over 3.5 billion media impressions and growing. Beginning in April 2016, Fathom will embark on seven day voyages from the Port of Miami to its first impact destination, Puerto Plata in the Dominican Republic. This is also where our new $85 million Amber Cove port development is set to open this October and ready to receive several of our other worlds leading cruise-line brands. Fathom is headed by our new global impact leader, Tara Russell, a proven social entrepreneur with a track record of developing self sustaining impact entities. Now you can view the launch and find out more about and about Tara and about Fathom at Fathom.org. Including Tara, talent development continues to be an important focus and we have effected change by complementing a solid core with additional new talent further strengthening our management team. In addition to seven new brand presidents, weve added talent in the areas of maritime, strategy, revenue management, communications, procurement, and innovation. Our team is totally engaged in communicating, collaborating, and cooperating to capture the full benefit of the latent opportunity inherent in our industry-leading scale, both in driving revenues and in containing costs. We continue to make progress on our roadmap to advance revenue science and systems including investing in dynamic pricing expert brand teams to improve our decision making capability, establishing price boundaries for relative price position across our portfolio, and piloting regional price coordination in Alaska and Australia, for example through increased booking visibility across the brands and through joint decision making. Now weve also made progress in our initiative to drive onboard revenue as evidenced by the 6% onboard revenue growth, and that's in constant dollars, achieved this quarter, the fourth consecutive quarter of mid-single digit growth in onboard revenue. The outsized growth in casino, bar and communication realized this quarter was again partly driven by best practice sharing. This is set to rollout of our casino engagement program, beverage packages and additional bandwidth are just a handful of examples of initiatives that drove our onboard revenue strength in the past few quarters and will continue to pay dividends over time. Now all of these initiatives are building block for capturing multiyear yield growth needed to deliver double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. We remain focused on our initiatives to contain costs by leveraging our scale and we remain on track for savings of $70 million to $80 million in 2015 and continuing over multiyear period and we continue to look for opportunities to invest and generate return including our stepped up marketing investment of second half of this year to build a strong base of business heading into 2016. Progress continued on our fleet enhancement program, as we finalized the contract with Meyer to build four, state-of-the-art ships designed to provide an exceptional vacation experience tailored to our guest's preferences. This was part of our largest strategic partnership announced in March with Meyer in both Germany and Finland and with Fincantieri area in Italy to build nine ships over four year period from 2019 to 2022 and keeping with our measured capacity growth strategy. These next generation ships will be the most efficient ever build with a total guest capacity of 6,600 through an innovative design pairing incredible cabins with even more innovative use of the ship public spaces. Adding price per berth, in line with our existing order book, these ships will significantly enhance the return profile of our fleet. Moreover these next generation ships will pioneer a new era in the use of sustainable fuels through our green cruising designs, representing the first cruise ships to be powered FC by LNG. This was yet another strong quarter, once again exceeding guidance. Now while we remain confidence in delivering 25% earnings growth again this year, we caution you given ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical risk not again ahead of expectations for the year simply based on our consistency and exceeding our quarterly guidance. We do however remain on a clear path to achieving double-digit return on investment capital. We're focused on measured capacity growth by delivering innovative and significantly more efficient ships, while at the same time removing from service less efficient capacity.\ We're committed to driving relative scarcity by creating even more demand for our brands that outpace this capacity. We remain focused on driving yield growth in the low to mid single digit range through higher ticket and onboard revenues while containing cost increases through our initiatives to leverage our scale and we look forward to enhancing total shareholder returns including further opportunity to return capital to shareholders as we drive for our double digit return on invested capital and our ready strong cash flow continues to build. Id now like to turn it over to David. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in constant dollars unless otherwise stated. Ill start today with a summary of our guidance topping second quarter results. Then Ill provide some insight into our current book position and finish up with some color on our 2015 June guidance. Our a non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter was $0.25. Im excited to report that this was $0.12 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The improvement was driven by three things. First $0.06 from net revenue yields, mainly due to better than guided onboard and other yields. Second $0.03 essentially from lower operating cost due to the timing of expenses between the quarters and third, $0.02 from the impact of fuel price and currencies. Now lets turn to our second quarter operating results first in the prior year. Our capacity increased 2%. The North American brands were essentially flat while the European, Australia and Asia brands also known as our EAA Brands were up over 6%. Our total net revenue yields in the second quarter were up over 4%. Breaking apart the two components of net revenue yields; net ticket yields were up 3.5%. Both sides of the Atlantic were up but the improvement was driven by larger increases at our North American brands, particularly Carnival Cruise Lines as Arnold indicated. If you remove the unfavorable transactional currency impact, the net ticket yields were up almost 5% of what we referred to as constant currency. The increase in net ticket yield was across the Board with improvements in Caribbean, Med and North European itineraries. As Arnold indicated onboard and other yields increased almost 6% again both sides of the Atlantic were up, but the improvement was also driven by the larger increases at our North American brands. Net cruise cost per ALBD excluding fuel was up about 6%. This was driven by the previously discussed increase in dry-dock days for the year, which disproportionally impacted the second quarter. During the second quarter we did benefit from the net impact of fuel and currency by $0.10. In summary, second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.16 higher than the prior year, driven by improved net revenue yields worth $0.20 and the favorable net impact of fuel and currency worth $0.10. both of which were partially offset by higher net cruise cost excluding fuel costing $0.15. During the second quarter, we had a $7 million restructuring expense in our U.S. gap results but excluded from our non-GAAP result as youll see in the reconciliation table in our earnings release. For the full year 2015, we anticipate a total of $27 million of restructuring expenses as we further leverage our scale, which will benefit us in 2016 and beyond. Lets turn to booking trends. Bookings for the next three quarters taken during the last 13 weeks have been strong. Volumes are well ahead by the slightly lower prices driven by unfavorable transactional currency impacts. At this point in time cumulative fleet wise bookings for the next three quarters are well ahead at slightly lower prices, but again driven by the unfavorable transactional currency impact. Our increased pace of booking puts us in a strong position as we finish our 2015 and begin 2016. Drilling down into the cumulative booking position; first for our North American brand. Caribbean itineraries are significantly ahead on occupancy at slightly lower prices, which bodes well for pricing on future bookings and pricing in the last six weeks has been higher. Alaskan itineraries are nicely ahead on both price and occupancy. While other North American brand deployments combined, which includes the seasonal European programs are nicely ahead on occupancy, but at lower prices, which are being unfavorably impacted by transactional currencies. For our EAA brands, all itineraries combined are nicely ahead on price with occupancies that are in line with the prior year. The solid booking trends are consistent with our guidance. Now looking at our full year 2015 guidance, we expect net revenue yields to be up 2% to 3% versus the prior year, which is slightly better than our March guidance. Net revenue yields on a constant currency basis after moving the transactional currency impacts are expected to be up 3% to 4% versus the prior year. This is consistent with our March guidance. The additional strength we've seen in Caribbean and Alaskan ticket yield as well as onboard yields has been offset by geopolitical risk in the Med and macroeconomic uncertainties in Continental Europe. Now turning to cost. For the full year 2015, net cruise costs without fuel for ALBD are now expected to be up 2.5% to 3.5%. This is a slight increase from our March guidance driven by decision to increase spending on advertising and certain strategic projects in the back half of 2015 both of which should benefit us in 2016 and beyond. For 2015, we're forecasting to benefit from the net impact of fuel and currency by $0.16. Taking all these factors into consideration, our non-GAAP EPS guidance for the full year 2015 is now $2.35 to $2.50 versus a $1.93 for 2014. On a final note, I wanted to share with you, our current rules of the thumb about the impact that currency and fuel prices can have on our results. To start with a 10% change in all of the relevant currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would impact our P&L by approximately $0.25 to the full year and $0.18 for the remainder of 2015. This includes both translational and transactional currency impact. The fuel price changes, a 10% change in the current price represents a $0.10 impact for the remainder of 2015. The third rule of thumb relates to a fuel derivative portfolio. A 10% change in brand would result in a $0.04 change in the realized losses on fuel derivatives for the remainder of 2015. And now operator we're ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead. Robin Farley, your line is open. You may proceed with your question.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. Two questions. One is, I wondered if you could give a little bit of color around the cost of brand. You mentioned Continental Europe and the economic issues there. So I -- maybe cost wont be seeing positive yields this year, I wondered if you could put color on that? And then the other question I had is you've talked about increasing advertising expense and I guess I was curious if your volumes sound like it's up nicely, and so if the issue is on the currency side, it seems like advertising is something that would -- you would use to drive volume, but if your volumes are up already, why would advertising be the solution to the kind of the FX related pricing? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Good morning Robin and good to hear your voice. First of all, I will talk about the advertising. Were always looking for opportunities to invest to create additional demand, because ultimately the key for us of course is relative scarcity creating demand in all the markets around the world, excess of supply and excess of capacity. And so when we recognize some opportunities to drive additional demand, the brand teams or all brands come up with innovative concepts that we think can generate more conversation around cruising and attract new to cruise, then we're willing to invest in it. And so, that's the basis [indiscernible] an ongoing investment to continuously generate additional demand. With regards to Costa, I'll let David make a few comments and then I'll weigh in.
David Bernstein: Sure. As we had said before in the notes, there is a lot of macroeconomic difficulties in Europe. The economy seems to be bouncing along at the bottom. Our Costa brand is doing very well, but as a result of the geopolitical risk and other things, they have had some challenges on the yield side this year. And so as a result, overall our EAA brands as I said in my notes are up. They're all doing very well but the Costa does face its challenge.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Congratulations on a great quarter.
Arnold Donald: Okay, thank you, Robin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi good morning. I've two questions. The first one is we've been hearing from travel agents that all the cruise lines in the Caribbean are exercising discipline regarding near-term discounting as one of your peers made a very clear splash about that. Just wondering what your stance is on that? And then also I just wanted to confirm that the increase in advertising that you talked about is not inclusive of any promotional spending?
Arnold Donald: Okay. So concerning the situation and pricing, obviously we all independently make our pricing decisions. We said over two years ago almost that we were looking at changing the psychology of pricing concerning our brands in the Caribbean in terms of waiting to the end -- I guess waiting to the end and seeking discounts. And so, we trialed a number of things and rest of little occupancy at times for that and generated some success with that, and we continue to try to put pricing integrity in and discipline in for our brands independently of what anyone else does. So for us, we have seen some positive trends there, and we will continue on that course. When you asked the question about advertising and promotion, I think obviously we're looking at promotional activity as well. When you say promotion, I dont know if you're referring specifically to travel agent promotion effort or if you so could you clarify your question for me.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes I think the concern that we've heard from some investors this morning is it gets to the more of a discounting part of it. So just your advertising is what you maybe talked about in the last question and just 
Arnold Donald: No, it's absolutely not discounting ticket pricing or anything of that -- not that kind of investment. This is to create demand and awareness and conversation around cruise. Thank you.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. David, can you help bridge something, you beat the quarter by $0.12 on a current dollar basis, which flows through your earnings. Your net yields were improved by 1.5 at the mid-point. Your net cruise cost ex-fuel improved by 1.5 [ph] at the mid-point. Your fuel price per metric ton improved since your last guidance. You said your fuel hedges benefit by your FX and fuel benefit by $0.16 for the full year. When I add that all up, that comes out to a lot more than at the mid-point $0.02 increase to your full year earnings, So how much is that advertising -- increased advertising spend and can you just help bridge your earnings guidance versus what looks like to be pass-through of a lot more than that?
David Bernstein: Sure. No problem. When you look at fuel and currency for the full year, it's actually pretty flat versus our March guidance. So whats coming through is we do have a little bit increase in the revenue yield as well as the cost side. And trying to understand whats going on versus the second quarter, yes we did beat by $0.12, but remember $0.03 of that was simply timing of expenses between the quarters. So on a full year basis, it's really $0.09 and we also had about a $0.05 increase in overall costs flowing through which was the mainly advertising but as I indicated, some strategic projects that we decided to invest in, and so net there was a $0.04, $0.05 of improvement, which gave us the confidence to increase the bottom end of the range by a nickel.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, Not really because net revenues I can take this offline, but if you go line by line, you get more than so you said net $0.04 to $0.05 improvement, but youre increasing at the midpoint your full year by $0.02.
David Bernstein: Okay. I think one of the things that youre coding the constant dollar numbers and Beth can take it offline with you, but when you
Felicia Hendrix: No, Im actually coating the current dollar numbers.
David Bernstein: No, the current dollar, but thats all impacted by currency. So if you go to
Felicia Hendrix: No, I know but that would be in your earnings number right?
David Bernstein: Correct, but if you go at a constant currency, okay basically our guidance per revenue yields in constant currency did not change. We also just increased the cost a little bit and still overall, what youre seeing happening as I said to the full year currency and fuel basically netted out. So we did see a bit of an improvement in the bottom end of our guidance range. So hopefully does that clarify it for you?
Felicia Hendrix: Yeah, it does. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good morning
Micky Arison: Harry, you're breaking up.
Harry Curtis: Harry, now youre still. Hang on one second while I'll try to fix the line all right.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Arnold Donald: We can take another question while Harry is trying toNo, Harry its little bit -- we'll try to hear your question; give it a shot if we can hear, we'll try to answer it. Go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Okay. So my question is related to 2016 when you think that 2016 bookings were looking and explain to increased less the annual marketing expenses in 2015?
Beth Roberts: The question is related to 2106 bookings picture is that how is that looking? Is that driving the advertising investment, is that correct Harry?
Harry Curtis: That's correct.
Arnold Donald: Let me answer the second part first. Again were focused overall on delivering double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. And to do that, we have to have sustained revenue growth in terms of ticket and onboard revenues. And to do that, we know we have to continue to create relative scarcity with demand and excess of supply. So our decisions are not strictly for any reaction or anything to a period. They are ongoing considered investment to create over time, what we need to create. And so overall, were looking at 3.7% capacity increase for 2016 and for the first quarter we're ahead on occupancy, which bodes well for pricing on the remainder of the year. And we're only in June. So we have very little visibility into next year outside of the first quarter, but were cautiously optimistic about 2015.
Harry Curtis: Thank you. And I'll try to sneak one other question if you can hear me and it relates to churn. With the incremental in the industry, I was curious about giving for the
Arnold Donald: Okay. I didn't get it all but with complex you're asking about with the capacity going into China, what give us confidence that we can continue to show positive results there. If thats the question, the reality in China is we already have the relative scarcity Ive been talking about in terms of trying to create additional relative scarcity in the more developed markets and already has there. The biggest outbound tourist industry in the world and is growing at a rapid rate, in fact is expected to double by 2020 in terms of outbound tourism. And so given that, we actually have relatively scarcity and weve seen continued strong yield performance with the capacity additions weve put in to-date and we expect to see it going forward.
Harry Curtis: Okay. I get back. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, good morning guys. David I don't know if you've said this now but I know you said $0.06 in terms of the bead in the second quarter was based off better revenue yields, did you break that down in terms of how much was ticket versus onboard?
David Bernstein: I didnt but I did say it was, essentially driven by onboard and other yields.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. And then could you guys Arnold, could you may be have us and give us an idea of where you guys are at this point in terms of your book-to-load position for the third quarter and the fourth quarter versus historically and maybe versus last year as well.
Arnold Donald: The reality is we're ahead on booking and so we've less inventory to fill for the balance of the year and that gives us added confidence that we will deliver on the guidance and so bookings are strong at this point and in terms of yields and while were in tracking with the guidance of 3% to 4%.
Steve Wieczynski: But is it, can I follow-up on that, is it significantly better than where youve historically been?
David Bernstein: Well, I would say over the last couple of years, it is well ahead and we're feeling very good about our book position.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. And then one more quick question, the new ships that you guys put on order that will be powered by the LNG, can you give us an idea of how much more fuel efficient those ships will be versus the ship that was build two, three, four years ago.
Arnold Donald: First of all those ships obviously will be -- to be both LNG powered as well as conventional fuel powered, but we anticipate over time that LNG is going to be a fuel of choice and based on that we're preparing for the future. But having said that overall those ships versus the existing are going to be dramatically more efficient and in fact overall, not just fuel based but overall, were talking as much as north of 40% more efficient.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you guys comment, I know youve talked in the past on air and travel transportation initiatives and the savings that youve made in that space and it looks like you have had those expenses decline in the last couple quarters. So can you talk about maybe any strides you've made there and what we should expect in that going forward?
Arnold Donald: We continue through all the initiative to space the ability to offset inflation which we peg about $70 million to $80 million a year. We're definitely on track through the initiatives to achieve that this year. We have fair line of sight for achieving that in number of years to come. Weve added some skill set in brining Julia Brown in who is our Chief Procurement Officer for the Corporation. She is working already very closely with the brands. Have lots of anecdotes that, I can share a little one with you. We had all the mattresses, we buy a lot of mattresses a year. And we put all the mattresses in one place for all the brands and then everybody sell everybody else's mattress look at quality and what not and were going to see probably a 20% to 25% improvement and cost improvement in that. While increasing overall the quality standard for that mattress and then we have the scores of those examples and there is plenty of opportunities for us to do that and so were on that path and see a clear line of sight on the $70 million to $80 million for several years to come.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then I am curious -- go ahead.
Arnold Donald: No, no go ahead.
Jaime Katz: I am curious on a separate topic. I think one of your peers had commented on onboard spend for European consumers and it sounds like onboard has been really strong for you guys, but Im curious if there has been a bifurcation across consumers geographically that youve seen and if you have any color on that?
Arnold Donald: I'll make a comment first and then, overall, again for us a lot of it is best practice sharing, taking innovation in each of the brands and sharing that across the rest of the brands. So weve seen very strong on Board revenue trends in our businesses as evidenced by the results and continue to expect to see that, David.
David Bernstein: Yes as I said in my notes, the on board and other yields if the increase was driven much more so by the North American brands than our EAA brands. So there is some we are seeing some better improvements in North America and over in Europe and Im assuming this macroeconomic overall.
Jaime Katz: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder: Thank you. To circle back to China, again Arnold you described the penetration opportunity there and the demand opportunity. In the near term though, weve heard a little bit from some industry sources that there has been a little bit of pricing activity going on and if you could refresh for us the ships are largely sold on a contract basis and then the end resellers keeps it different, so that theyre able to sell it for. So any comment that you can talk about, any recourse you would have if that is ongoing in anyway in the near term and if it is, is it MERS related predominantly. So any color there and then David housekeeping item, the restructuring just if you could just refresh how much you talked about there for the full year and is that included or excluded from your annual EPS guidance, thank you.
David Bernstein: Okay, sure. So first of all I guess MERS, were watching that situation very closely but frankly we have not seen a significant impact so far. People obviously always would pay attention to health issues but the reality is that MERS is very hard to contract and hopefully people will get educated on the very low probability of contracting MERS. We have -- rare it is from China that touch Korea and we have modified some itineraries at the request of our shift charters but one of the strategic advantages that we have as an industry versus land based destination is our ability to mitigate when appropriate and adjust itineraries to maintain guest confidence satisfaction as opposed to being locked in to surroundings no matter what the circumstances are. Technically we do have a measure of protection by having charters but we dont expect the situation to become a material issue for us or our distribution parts. And overall we continue to see strength in China in the yields and our charters or all the feedback we are getting is they are pleased now financially at this point.
Arnold Donald: And the restructuring charges, Tim it was $27 million restructuring expenses that we expected for the full year and in this second quarter we have excluded the restructuring expenses from our non-GAAP results and remember we give guidance on a non-GAAP basis. So its not included in the overall 235 to 250 guidance we gave.
Tim Conder: Okay. Thats what we thought, thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steven Kent: Hi good morning. Just a couple of questions for you, Arnold you mentioned a couple of times, you want to achieve double-digit return on invested capital. Im not sure that you gave a specific timeframe when you wanted to achieve that, also can you just discuss, you also mentioned the couple of times that you want to have demand greater than supply and I certainly understand that, what is the basis for laying out so many ships for such an extended period going out into the 2020 period or so. Im just trying to figure out what the drivers are that gives you the confidence that that would happen and then just one final thing on China, I know people are talking a lot about it. Could you give us an update on the two memorandum of understanding you had with your Chinese partners, any progress coming to agreement on port development or ship building with the Chinese partners. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Very good. Ill start from the bottom up. On the memorandum of understanding, Steve, you know Alan Buckelew, our Chief Operations Officer for the Corporation resides now in Shanghai in China and weve made very meaningful progress with both CSFC and the China Merchant Group and hopefully well have something more specific to say Chinese specific joint ventures in the coming months here we are very excited about the progress we are making in that particular arena and the continued support overall from the Chinese government to the cruise industry. So were very, very positive on that front and hopefully will have more to tell you. Concerning to ship order, as we are articulated at the time, the overall the large order nine ship order between Fincantieri and Meyer that was done for number of reasons. Number one is prototypes that we want to get plenty of lead time for those yards to engage the subcontractors that need to be engaged and for those subcontractors to know that both entities Meyer and Fincantieri would be building ships and it wasnt a single order that they were competing for. And so hopefully that will lead to efficiency and ultimately lower cost of acquisition for us. From a practical matter, we have to plan way ahead to secure the slots and to give the yards plenty of time to work with us to perfect and effective designs. And so that is the reason for that, the reason to build the ships in the first place is that by the time the ships come in, we should have achieved our double-digit return on invested capital that is certainly our plan and our focus and what we have clarified right now, three to four years is what were saying we say at a year ago three to five years and so that is three to four years we should be delivering on double-digit return on invested capital. And then those ships individually each return well above the baseline double-digit return on invested capital 10% well above that and so they allow us to enhance and sustain the double-digit performance out into the future. Hope that answered your questions.
Steven Kent: Yes, thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kevin Milota: Hi good morning. Had the question on the advertising spend, I was hoping to get some color on what youve seen from a first time cruise based on what you spend in kind of the first half of the year kind of late last year and is that really the reason for taking up spend now. I guess secondly what are you seeing from a competitive perspective as it relates to marketing and advertising as well, is that an additional reason to spend now?
Arnold Donald: First of all for us our business is pretty straightforward and so we consider our competition to be land based vacation. We have very differentiated product offerings versus the other cruise companies. We do all competes on new to cruise because often the new to cruise there is no concept what cruise would best with them and that is what we come on travel professional partners especially as well as our own people to make certain we get the right people on the right ships but real competition cruise is land based and so we focus on that. So what we need to do as an industry as well as a company is create considerable interest improving just getting the conversation how people think about cruising and weve done at a number of ways whether it was the Super Bowl initiative we had. We did it most recently with the launch of Fathom, we did it with what I have references in terms of celebration of Cunards 175 Princesss 50 anniversary and all of those things are interesting stories and create opportunities for us to really talk about cruising and get it in the conversation. And that is so how we look at it, we dont look at it as advertising to how to advertise, we want the competition advertising promote. One of every two people cruise in the world, cruise with us and anything that generates interest in cruising automatically helps us and frankly it helps the other companies as well. So that is the focus of it and we think were seeing some success, there are some variables in any given year in any given market at any given time. But clearly our results have been strong and we dont doubt for a second, that is in part because we have had some success through the individual brands and then collectively been generating more interest in cruising.
David Bernstein: Lets keep in mind that as a company, we spend we have said before over $600 million a year in advertising expense and all we are talking about is a few percent change here, as the year progresses we continue to tweak things and make adjustments to be as optimal as we can be throughout the year. So its just really change in a big number.
Arnold Donald: And frankly mark is more interested in the specific idea in the execution how it is going to generate additional interest than we are in the dollars. We dont have rule of the thumb of how we need to spend different amount of dollars and anything like that, we will look at individual initiatives projects and things that would show me how were generate number of impressions generate conversations with the specific execution. Thanks.
Kevin Milota: Okay. Thank you.
David Bernstein: You can ask follow-up.
Kevin Milota: I was just wondering from based on what you spend, I mean have you seen a meaningful increase in the percent of first time cruisers if you look at specific basis?
David Bernstein: You know I would say overall first time cruisers are up dramatically, now there is a number of things that contribute to that beyond this year, I guess last year we were 3.4 million first time cruisers whereas the year prior we were like something like 2.7 or 2.8 or something. But there are number of things that drive that, number one we have got lot of first time cruisers elsewhere in China, so that is part of it, another part of it is in the Caribbean there was so much capacity last year in the Caribbean. The only way to fill those ships with other lots of new first time cruisers and so that drove first time cruise and added yield that we were happy with but it drove additional base load of first time cruisers and then of course all the initiatives we had to create demand and others and industry have, we think all of that collectively contribute to what you saw in terms of the increase in first time cruisers last year versus previous year.
Kevin Milota: Okay. Very good, thank you.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi good morning. Just a question on the ship orders that youve announced recently, I guess the new ships are going to have the capacity as 6,600 guests. I know you alluded to in the press release about how you will have more efficient use of the ship spaces in order to accommodate the guests. I was hoping you could maybe elaborate on that and also within the design of the cabins, are you going to doing a single cabins or anything kind of outside of the box what you have done historically.
David Bernstein: \First of all the current space per guest in terms of space per guest, it is similar to the ships we have on order now for those ships. So really was innovative design and Micky Arison and then Michael Thamm, who runs our Costa group were very ingenious in the original conceptualization for these ships and then the new build teams in house and at the yards, we are able to follow during execution of that. So we actually feel an incredible guest experience, great cabins absolutely great cabins and really phenomenal public space and are able on that platform to have as I mentioned space per guests comparable to the ships we currently have on order. So it really is the efficient interior design and then very creative design.
Sharon Zackfia: Just to be clear, the 6600 is total passenger capacity based on two passenger per cabin is just north of 5000 per ship or passengers. Okay, thanks.
David Bernstein: And some of the things absolutely, the ships are being finished, some of the conceptualizations there are some single cabin concept.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [Edward Stanford with Ross] [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning everybody. Just intrigued by your new Fathom brand, could you take us through why you decided to do this, how big is the potential market do you see it is an interesting growth area, was it a requirement with the Dominican Republic as part of your investment in that country perhaps you could elaborate on that please.
David Bernstein: So first of all the reason behind Fathom, Fathom the purpose is to do good, the unique aspect of it is holistic market driven approach to doing this, so have to be a win, win, win. So we have to do financially well with it, that gives us freedom to do it and make it sustainable. So the shareholders win. It has to resonate with the guests, the people have to want to travel on it and if they dont they wont. So it makes it a win for them and then obviously the ultimate reason the starting point is to do good and so we have the real genuine impact with it otherwise was the point. So the concept of win, win, win while it does resonate in index with what we usually call Millennial, it appeals to a broad spectrum of people who basically want to grow themselves so it is not just a matter of going someplace to do some good help out is an enrichment and emerging experience for the travelers themselves and very unique and different approach and one that brings scale that previously just doesnt exist and never existed. So it is new. So we picked up -- and Puerto Plata recently in the Dominican Republic, we checked out a number of different countries to start and we landed there primarily because there are entities on the ground there that have demonstrated long-term history of genuine impact in the areas of economic impact as well as environmental and educational impact. So there are Dominican organizations on the ground that are currently delivering impact, so the guest get to work alongside those proven Dominican impact providers and scale up the impact they can have. So we will end up with thousands of volunteer days a week spread across the region in a holistic fashion not doing any one thing but doing a combination of things that collectively can transform a community over time and ideal go with -- few years and no long we need it and we will move on somewhere else. How big it is ultimately, what the advertisers, we have done a lot of research, we paired our team with the McKenzie Group and ton of announcements over the last couple of years leading us to where we are. But obviously all have to be proven out, we have every confidence, we will be successful with the initial foray and then if it is successful, it is scalable and replicable and as long as they are on the ground entities that are already delivering real impact that we can help scale up what they are doing and accelerate that impact it has. That is the concept we feel big appetite for it. We it is financial model for us, it will have to financially perform that gives to continue with it and we are very optimistic but it has to be proved.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks very much.
David Bernstein : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stuart Gordon with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Stuart Gordon: Yes good afternoon gentlemen, couple of questions please. I think previous calls you have said on both spend assumptions within guidance around about 2% mark I was just wanting to check that that was still the case looking forward I am assuming so given the comments you have made already and the second one is just whether you have seen any impact in China from the thinking that happened a couple of weeks ago. I appreciate it obviously it is river cruising, it was local operator but clearly could impact first time cruisers in that market and what you will be doing to so to educate them on the differences between sort of the river cruisers and your ocean cruisers, thanks very much.
David Bernstein: Thank you. I think we are in the early stage of growth in China that there are a lot of things that happened that it was a more mature market, you might see some kind of impact or response from. But again the relative scarcity exist there today and so that buffered a lot of things and so frankly no we have not seen any impact from the incident that occurred. And as more and more people cruise obviously we're continually educating our distribution partners there and then as well as the general public about cruising and the differences, but we have not seen any effect there. I'll let David answer the first part of your question.
David Bernstein: So we did assume a 2% in the back half of this year. Keep in mind that as you begin to analyze that, that the back half of last year and onboard and other was up mid single digits and it was significantly better than the first half of 2014. So we do have more challenging comps in the back half so take that into account as you analyze the numbers.
Stuart Gordon: Yeah absolutely. And just on the onboard, it sounds from the comments that you may just -- seeing pretty pick up from sort of your not just the consumer confidence coming back but also from your sort of your self help, things that youre doing onboard, is that something that is now fleet wide or is it still rolling out?
Arnold Donald: There are still a number of things that we're rolling out. So we expect -- continue to see benefits in the future from some of the initiatives in communications, casino and beverage. A great example there was a press release Idida put out yesterday on their internet service and how they had headed on a couple of shifts and they were expanding it to the rest of that fleet. So we do expect to see additional onboard revenue from those initiatives.
Stuart Gordon: Okay. Thank you very much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jamie Rollo: Thank you. First question is just on the yield growth guidance in the third quarter. Im just wondering given the momentum you're seeing and the sort of a positive outlook statement. Im wondering why that yield growth is weakening year-over-year in Q3 than Q2? Are you just being conservative or is there more of that European geopolitical sort of issue in the mix in the quarter? And then other question just on costs, as we look into next year you talked before about quite a lot of this years dry dock reversing and it seems like marketing costs are somewhat elevated, would you expect cost growth to continue in the low single digits even with your savings or should we expect a sort of this years cost step up? Thank you.
Beth Roberts: I guess Ill start with on a constant dollar basis the guidance for the third quarter is the same as the guidance we gave for the second quarter.
Jamie Rollo: Yeah, in terms of what you actually delivered in the second quarter. So are you saying it's -- well somewhat youre saying is sounds like you're just being quite conservative there?
David Bernstein: Keep in mind I had already indicated that we included in that guidance was only a 2% increase in onboard and other and that compares to the 6% in the second quarter. And as far as the ticket side, as always we give you our best guess as to what we believe the net ticket yield will be and we included that in the guidance as well. So overall we got some pretty good increases in the third quarter on a constant currency basis. We're expecting it to be, like 3% to 4% included in the third quarter. So were very pleased with those yields and hopefully we can do better.
Beth Roberts: But then also the base comparison for the third quarter is a little more challenging than the second.
David Bernstein: And on the cost side, I think we had indicated back in December, there was a big increase in dry dock this year. It was driving two of the three percentage point increase in cost. We did expect to see dry dock days decline in 2016 and so about half of that increase would go away. So that will be a benefit for 2016. Its a little early to give guidance on cost for 2016 overall. We are hopefully, as Arnold indicated with all of the leveraging our scale to perhaps be able to offset inflation, but we still have got to go through the whole planning process and make some decisions on investments and we'll do that over the next couple of months.
Arnold Donald: As to double digit return on invested capital and in the next three to four years and the way were going to do that ultimately is through yield and so to the extent we need to invest to do that we will, but we dont see that need to invest or those opportunities to invest to think is well out of range or anything on cost going forward.
Jamie Rollo: Okay. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
James Hardiman: Hi, good morning. Thanks for fitting me in here. Just wanted to make sure I understand whats changed over the last three months or not changed I guess in terms of the guidance. I guess more specifically help me understand why the constant currency guidance is unchanged despite the meaningful beat in the second quarter? Is any of that timing related? I know the costs are timing related, but the yield is timing related it sounds like there is a healthy dose of conservatism. And I guess if the entirety of it is just weaker Europe in Med, can you maybe drill down and help us understand which itineraries in particular are trending what would almost need to be meaningfully beneath expectations for the back half of the year?
Arnold Donald: Ill start with a general comment. The general comment is that while results are tempered by Europe for 2015 we are going to see growth in yield in Europe and both in the brands and in the regions.\ And also we continue to see strong booking patterns there where the booking curve is being pushed further out and that bodes well because you have less inventory to sell and then thats also obviously good for yields. So despite a lot of the challenges and cost in particular have been facing challenges since 2008 with macroeconomic Malaise and other issues and just a trading environment. But despite that, not only Costa but the entire European team, Carnival U.K., Idida as well have been doing a great job in managing the brand over this period. So I'll let David comment on some of the specifics, but overall things are positive.
David Bernstein: Yeah, were very positive on the year. Some of these numbers as I had talked, we said we would beat the second quarter by $0.06. So overall when you put together our guidance for the year, keep in mind that to move our yield guidance takes $0.17, one percentage point is $130 million or $0.17. So as we look at all the numbers, the $0.06 movement causes a few decimal point movement in the mid -- in the guidance, but it doesnt necessarily change the whole overall range for the year. So were trying to just give you ranges and averages, but we're flowing through the benefit as I had indicated before of the second quarter and it was partially offset by cost and we still increased the midpoint and the bottom end of the range.
James Hardiman: Okay. And then just maybe longer term and I understand its always a difficult challenge to properly allocate capacity on a global basis, but as we think about the outperformance of the Caribbean this year versus Europe and the Med, it was the reverse last year and it was also the reverse capacity situation. So I guess the question is how do we know that the, I don't know that the underperformance of Europe is a function of macro rather than just may be getting too much capacity versus what we saw last year? And I guess longer term, how do we think about the right amount of capacity growth in Europe versus the Caribbean?
Arnold Donald: So first of all I think capacity in Europe is going to be about 6%, but that's nowhere near with the capacity increase was in the Caribbean last year was up more than double digit was dramatic increase in capacity in the Caribbean last year. And so thats two very different scenarios and when you talk about Europe, youve got the Mediterranean and Northern Europe whereas in Caribbean, you got the Caribbean as Eastern and Western, but it's still just Caribbean. So there are two very different situations. So the issues in Continental Europe we dont believe our capacity driven, there are different issues, the reality is that the macroeconomic situation there and then the geopolitical issues that have popped up have certainly tempered the results there. still strong but it tempered the results. And coming into next year well, we're going to be down in capacity ourselves in the Caribbean a couple of points. Overall the industry will be up in the Caribbean actually but nowhere near where it was last year in terms of increase and obviously we have a much stronger base of guests now to fill those ships than we did a year ago, when that we had a huge capacity influx for the Caribbean and we will see what happens in Europe but probably a little bit of easing of capacity. I think the big issue there is just letting the time go by and continue to create demand in Europe and manage through some of these geopolitical tensions and get through and there are always going to be issues somewhere in the world, that's the beauty of our business. We can move our capacity and we do have a broad portfolio especially for us as a company to buffer a lot of these things. But I dont want to understate the performance of Europe given the dynamics, but the dynamics are not comparable to what they were in the Caribbean last year.
David Bernstein: If you think about the longer term I think we talked about this either on the last call or December, I cant remember, our capacity growth on a compounded annual basis from 14 to 18 is only 2.9%. And if you take into account all the announcements we've made to date and there will be more announcements of ships going to China, the compounded annual growth rate for that four-year periods for North America would be 1% and Europe would be 2%. And so the growth rate as I think Arnold has indicated before are very measured particularly in the established markets and so China is growing and for all the reasons Arnold talked about before we believe it's going to be a fabulous market for us over time with measured capacity growth in the existing markets. And that bode well. Thank you.
James Hardiman: Got it. Thanks guys.
David Bernstein: And I think at this point, operator we will take one more question.
Operator: Perfect. Our final question comes from the line of Edward Friedman with McLean & Partners. Please go ahead.
Edward Friedman: Hello thank you taking my question. You guys talked about increasing capacity in the next couple of years, I was wondering you guys also talked about relative scarcity and I was wondering how does that jive together like if you increasing your ALBDs through the more shifts, how does that create the scarcity that you talked about?
Arnold Donald: Yes I think first of all overall the capacity growth for the industry is in the 4% to 5% range and our capacity growth along with vessels that we take out of service is going to be less than that. So we are totally focused on measured capacity growth. And we feel that with China in particular but even without China and the existing markets that that level of growth as long as we're creating demand because we're still relatively low penetrated as an industry as cruise industry in the overall vacation market that there is ample opportunity to create the relative scarcity to get yields off over time and to have them be up and still the greatest vacation value there is while providing the greatest vacation experience there. So we are quite confident for ourselves and for the industry that we can create a relative scarcity that will bode well for the future.
Edward Friedman: Have you seen that the industry is also doing the same thing?
Arnold Donald: I overall would say yes. It's being demonstrated today. As you can see the results we are achieving we're out 25%, '14 over '13 our guidance to be up 25% in this year and that's not from 25% added capacity obviously. And so we are in a process of demonstrating it. We certainly have plans in place and for making the investment to continue to do so. You'd have to talk to the other companies how they see it, but our perception we're one of every two people who cruise in the world. So we're relatively reasonable Bellwether for the overall industry and we see it as a strong industry for years to come.
Edward Friedman: Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you very much for your questions everyone and for being online. We had a strong quarter. We are confident in our guidance going forward. And we look forward to delivering results and ultimately delivering the double-digit return on invested capital the next three to four years. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-03-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - CEO David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - VP, IR Micky Arison - Chairman
Analysts: Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Felicia Hendrix - Barclays James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup Harry Curtis - Nomura Jaime Katz - Morningstar Ian Rennardson - Jefferies Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Stuart Gordon - Berenberg Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research
Arnold Donald: This is Arnold Donald, CEO of Carnival Corporation and Plc. Thank you all for joining us for our first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Today I am joined by our Chairman, Micky Arison; David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. We are off to a strong start with our significantly improved first quarter earnings exceeding both prior year and December guidance. It is extremely gratifying to see the hard work of our team members pay off. It is the power of their efforts which have allowed us to overcome much of the impact of the dramatic currency movements that have plagued all global companies. Consistent with the strengthening of our business, our travel partners are helping to drive and are benefiting from our improved performance and we specially thank them for their support. Now despite the nearly $0.30 drag from currency movements, we continue to expect roughly 25% earnings growth over 2014 based on our improved operating performance. Looking ahead, we are working hard to accelerate that growth as we continue to execute along the path to a double digit return on invested capital through our two-pronged strategy. To drive demand in excess of measured capacity growth and to capture the inherent value of our industry leading scale. The 8% onboard revenue growth achieved this quarter is an affirmation of the inherent power of harnessing our collective effort as we embrace the fundamental behavioral change of communicating, collaborating and coordinating across our nine world-leading brands. The outsize growth in casino, bar and communication realized this quarter in part resulted from best practice sharing. This also marks the second consecutive quarter the Carnival brand outperformed. Despite a competitive Caribbean environment in the first quarter Carnival Cruise Line enjoyed a mid-single digit yield improvement. The brand remains on track for a strong year and beyond, the latter bolstered by a tremendous response by media, travel professionals and future guests to the unique unveiling of the Carnival Vista. During a three-day event in New York City, Carnival Cruise Line brought to life the enhanced guest experiences of that brands most innovative ship ever. Making its debut in 2016, this ship will feature a host of groundbreaking innovation including the first IMAX Theatre at Sea, an onboard brewery and SkyRide, the first pedal powered aerial attraction featuring some of the best views ever offered at sea. The Carnival brand continues to benefit from the rollout of Fun Ship 2.0 and its measurable lift in guest satisfaction, further driving greater guest retention. Additionally, the experiences create stronger customer advocacy, which is far and away the most powerful marketing tool for attracting first time cruise guests. Concerning demand creation overall, we are pleased with the constructive conversation around cruising ignited by our multifaceted campaign well timed during the part of wave season and built around the Super Bowl. That effort generated over 10 billion media impressions, nearly all of which were positive. Our ongoing public relations effort was furthered by the delivery of Britannia, the largest ship ever built specifically for British guests. The ship design was informed by extensive research among previous and potential guests and is iconic for many things trending positive in modern Britain. We were honored that the flagship of the P&O fleet was named by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, drawing a worldwide audience and providing a ringing endorsement of cruising. The event generated a record for P&O of 1 million web visits that week including over 100,000 people viewing the naming online. In addition, the delivery and naming garnered over 1000 broadcasts on radio and television reaching even beyond the U.K. and anchoring us for future growth in what is today the second largest cruise market in Europe. Additional public relations impact was created early in the year when Princess Cruises sponsored a stunning award-winning float in the Rose Bowl Parade, which served to launch the brand's 50th anniversary celebrations. The original cast of the of The Love Boat TV series featured on the float helped generated over 400 million media impressions from the days prior and that follow. Those and other initiatives to drive demand have resulted in an ongoing improvement in our underlying fundamentals. We are enjoying a strong wave season and we are particularly pleased with demand for the Caribbean for the remainder of the year. Overall, our booking trends build confidence in our increased yield guidance as much of the year is already booked at higher prices. Moreover, we have less inventory remaining for sale, leaving us well positioned to strengthen pricing on the remaining inventory. Excluding the impact of currency, we expect a 3% to 4% underlying year-over-year improvement in revenue yield and we are working aggressively to continue that momentum. We have completed segmentation studies in three of our major markets including the U.S., the U.K. and Australia with significant learnings. The work allowed us to size the addressable market and validate the significant growth potential remaining in these markets. For instance, in North America half of the addressable market has not cruised yet and roughly 75% of the addressable market will plan to cruise in the next five years. We also identified unique preferences reflected in the typographic segments and we are using the output to further focus onboard offerings and acquisition marketing to what's guests most want in a vacation. Each brand is refining its core offering based on potential to capture more demand and preference and the ability to command higher yield. All of the brands have collaborated to improve and align on how we measure guest satisfaction. Now we have adopted a Net Promoter Score metric as a tool to help drive greater value. Enhanced Internet connectivity is another area of focus with the goal to further improve the guest and crew experience significantly. In 2014 we introduced our hybrid model Wi-Fi at Sea as a means to offload traffic via land-based tower to enhance the guest experience with faster connectivity. We piloted this model in the Caribbean and now we are introducing this technology to the Alaska market for the coming season. Our pilot program achieved a 40% lift in guest satisfaction as well as a 30% increase in revenue. This concept is now being piloted more broadly by the incremental bandwidth as well as adjusting price and plan. We have also made great strides in our global market planning and deployment. For the first time, brands shares unpublished itineraries to identify conflicts and maximize long term profits. We are opening new destinations and we are really excited about Amber Cove and the Puerto Plata region of Dominican Republic this year. Now following the review of our revenue management process by a team of dynamic pricing experts, we have created a roadmap to implement recommendations. We have already enjoyed some benefit as reflected in our positive yield results. There is much opportunity ahead to continue to share best practices and the science and psychology of pricing as well as price management systems. We continue to make strides on initiatives to leverage our scale and remain on track to achieve our previously announced $70 million to $80 million in cost savings this fiscal year. These savings are attributable to our recently completed air travel initiative which captures the benefit of consolidating our global air travel purchases as well as procurement savings and other major spin areas includes technical, food, beverage and shore excursions. Going forward, we have additional opportunity to leverage our scale allowing us to continue to offset inflation in future years. Now to further this step, we recently hired a Chief Procurement Officer, Julia Brown. She brings 25 years of large cap strategic sourcing and supply chain management. Of course, China presents the next great frontier for cruising and we are making great progress on this front. Our current four ships across two brands diversify our product offerings by targeting two different guest experiences, contemporary and premium. We are enjoying continuing growth and strong operating performance from both our Costa and Princess brand. Along with the two MoUs recently signed with CSSC and the China Merchants Group to explore joint venture opportunity, we are well positioned for future growth. China expects to surpass 1 million cruise passengers in 2015 and nearly 50% of those will travel on a Carnival Corporation ship. It's just a matter of time before China becomes the largest cruise market in the world. Importantly, we made continued progress towards enhancing our fleet while maintaining our commitment to measured capacity growth. This week we entered into a strategic partnership for nine ships expected to enter service in 2019 through 2022. That averages out to be roughly two to three ships per year which combined with likely ship exits, reflects our commitment to measured capacity growth. Included in this commitment is a new class of ship expected to be the most efficient ship we have ever built and which will add excitement to our industry and even further inspire first time cruisers. We believe we are continuing to execute along a clear path to a double digit return on invested capital. Now as we you know, we improved return on invested capital by nearly one point in 2014 and we still expect another point of improvement in 2015 despite the negative impact of currency. We are committed to driving relative scarcity by creating even more demand for our brands that outpaces capacity. We are focused on measured capacity growth by delivering innovative and significantly more efficient ships while at the same time removing from service less efficient capacity. We remain focused on driving yield growth in the low to mid-single digit range through higher ticket an onboard revenue while containing cost increases through our initiatives to lever scale. There are and will be challenges in our business every year, whether it's currency, fuel or geopolitical issues. Regardless, our path is to harness the inherent capability we have to deliver double-digit return on invested capital. We feel we are demonstrating that we begun to harness that capability and are firmly on the path to achieving double digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. Thank you. Now I would like to turn it over to David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in constant dollars unless otherwise stated as this is a much more meaningful measure of our business trend. I will start today with a summary of our guidance topping first quarter results, then I will provide some insight into our current bookings and finish up with some color on our 2015 March guidance. Our non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter was $0.20. I am excited to report that this was $0.11 above the midpoint of our December guidance. The improvement was essentially driven by two things, $0.06, from net revenue yields, the majority of which was due to better than expected onboard and other yields as the improvement we saw in the back half of 2014 was repeated again in the first quarter. And $0.05 essentially from lower operating cost due to the timing of expenses between the quarters. Now let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 2%. The North American brands were up 3%, while the European, Australia and Asian brands also known as our EAA brands, were flat. Our total net revenue yields in the first quarter were up 2%. Turning to the two components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were flat in total and on both sides of the Atlantic on a constant dollar basis. However, I am pleased to say that when you remove the transactional currency impacts, net ticket yield on a constant currency basis was up 1%. The increase in net ticket yields was driven by improvements in European itineraries and Asia itineraries. This was partially offset by lower yields in the Caribbean which we expected. However, I would like to point out that we do expect the revenue yields to be up for the remaining three quarters of the year. Net onboard and other yields increased almost 8%, with similar increases on both sides of the Atlantic. This increase was considerably more positive than our December guidance. It was the third great quarter in a row for onboard revenue. Net cruise cost per ALBD, excluding fuel, was up 2%, which was less than we expected in our December guidance driven by the timing of expenses between the quarters. Fuel prices this quarter were down 38% versus the prior year which saved us $0.17 per share net of realized losses on fuel derivatives. The year-over-year impact from the strengthening dollar cost us $0.06 including both translational and transactional currency impact. In summary, the first quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.20 higher than the prior year driven by improved net revenue yields worth $0.11 and lower fuel prices worth $0.17, both of which were partially offset by currency and higher net cruise cost excluding fuel. Now let's turn to bookings. Bookings during this year's wave season was strong, prices were up nicely and volumes were consistent with the historically high levels achieved last year. At this point in time, for the remaining three quarters of 2015, cumulative fleet wide bookings are nicely ahead at slightly higher prices despite the unfavorable transactional currency impact at our North American brand. Drilling down into the bookings patterns. First for our North America brand. The Caribbean and Alaska are nicely ahead on both price and occupancy which bodes well for pricing on future bookings. Booking volumes during wave season have been strong. They were on pace with last year's historical levels even though we started the wave period nicely ahead on occupancy. Prices on these bookings are also nicely higher. All other North American brand deployments combined which includes the seasonal European program are ahead on occupancy but at lower prices due to the transactional impact of currency. Booking volumes during the wave season again have been strong on pace with last year's historical results but at lower prices driven by transactional currency impact. Secondly for our EAA brands. European itineraries are nicely ahead on price and occupancy. Booking volumes for these itineraries during wave season were in line with forecast but down from prior year because we started ahead, it did not need as much volumes to fill. I am happy to report that the prices on these bookings were higher than the prior year. Looking forward to 2015. Based on the strength of bookings during wave season, we have increased our yield guidance for the full year. We now expect revenue yields to be up 3% to 4% versus the prior year on a constant currency basis which excludes both the translational and transactional impact of currency. The midpoint of the range is one full percentage point better than our December guidance. On a constant dollar basis, which does not exclude the unfavorable transactional currency impact, we still expect the yields to be up approximately 2% versus the prior year which is the same as our December guidance. In the constant dollar case, the underlying improvement in the business that we are forecasting from higher prices is offset by the unfavorable transactional currency impact. Now turning to cost. For the full year 2015, net cruise cost without fuel per ALBD are now expected to be up approximately 2% to 3%. This is a slight improvement from our December guidance because of the favorable impact of transactional currency. On a constant currency basis, we are in line with our December guidance. For 2015, we are forecasting the benefit from the lower price of fuel net of realized losses on fuel derivatives by $0.63, partially offsetting this benefit is the impact from both translational and transactional currency which costs us $0.51. Putting all these factors together, our non-GAAP EPS guidance for the full year 2015 is $2.30 to $2.50 versus $1.93 for 2014. Currency clearly remains a headwind. Since our December guidance, currency net of fuel price and fuel derivatives has impacted the full year by $0.26. However, we are encouraged by the underlying strength of the business which improved by $0.21 and largely offset the currency headwinds as the midpoint of our guidance only moved by $0.05. I did want to make one comment on our second quarter guidance to ensure that everyone fully understand the 6.5% to 7.5% increase in net cruise cost excluding fuel for the quarter. This is driven by the previously discussed increase in dry-dock days for the year which were disproportionately impacting the second quarter. On a final note. If you read the footnote in the press release at the bottom of the income statement, you will see that we revised the accounting for the marine and technical spare parts for one of our brands. Without the revision, we could have had a material impact on our future financial statements. The impact of the revision is $0.11 per share but thats primarily spread out over the five year period from 2010 to 2014. The revision to the full year 2014 resulted in a $0.03 lower EPS of which a penny was in the first quarter. We expect to file an 8-K next month with all the prior periods revised for reference purposes. And now, operator, we are ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] for Robin. Could you perhaps talk a little bit about what drove upside in Q1? Primarily if you could breakdown perhaps some of the upside you saw in the Carnival brand as well as some commentary if you could on the Caribbean environment post Q1 would be helpful. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Good morning, Robin. I will let David comment first. Go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: Yes. If we talk about what drove the yields up in Q1, essentially as I had indicated, the onboard and other yields were up 8% and in constant currency, the net ticket yields were up 1%. So collectively together, the onboard had a disproportional impact overall. You know the Caribbean environment in the first quarter as I indicated in my notes, the pricing was lower, but we are looking at the Caribbean environment being positive for the rest of the year. It's been very strong in terms of bookings and Carnival is doing very well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Wieczynski : So, Arnold, you talked about this a little bit just briefly in your opening commentary. But can you talk a little bit about your booked load position today relative to maybe where it's been in the past in terms of historical levels?
Arnold Donald: Both in North America and in Europe, we are ahead on bookings. The bookings are definitely stronger and they are at high yields. So we've definitely seen an improvement both from the hard work of our people within all the brands and with the additional PR and other demand creation activities, we've seen an improvement in the booking pace.
David Bernstein: And relative to historical levels, I mean, Steve, I think a year ago I indicated we were at the lower end of historical levels and we continue to make progress and move up, but we're still towards the lower end but we made progress and it's very positive trends.
Steve Wieczynski : Okay. Thanks. And then I guess with the announcement yesterday in terms of the ship order, the pretty large ship order. I guess, can you go into a little bit more detail about maybe what went into that in terms of why putting in such a big order at this point? Was it something to do with currency? Was it trying to lock up the yards where the yards give you some pretty good prices? Can you just give us a little bit more detail there?
Arnold Donald: Yes. Definitely nothing to do with currency. We at times just require more forward planning to our advantage to communicate with the yards and have a longer term plan because they have to work a lot of subcontractors. And it gives them the opportunity to plan further out and to be more effective in lining up those subcontractors. We also included in the non-ship orders, a new ship design and that requires additional forward planning as a prototype. And so thats why we did it. We dont have all the details yet. We have not signed contracts with each of the yards for each of the ships. We will be happy to share those details once we do that. But it was important for us to get out in front from a planning standpoint to empower the yards and to get in front of our new design.
Steve Wieczynski : Okay. Got you. And can I ask one real quick question to David. For David, for this accounting change that you just called out, I guess the question is, are different brands using different accounting practices? I'm just trying to understand what the difference is here.
David Bernstein: Yes. It's very simple. I mean we had one brand who is using -- we had two acceptable accounting methods which our auditors agreed with. But there was one brand that was using a different method and so what we decided to do was make the brands consistent just in case as we go forward in the future the difference became material. And so we decided to revise the accounting as I indicated in my notes. Overall, it was just $0.11 over a five plus year period. So it's a couple of pennies a year.
Operator: Our next question is from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix : David, this is for you. This commentary about transaction and translation has left a lot of investors and us very confused this morning. So I'm hoping that you can walk us through a few things. First is, can you just walk us through where this transactional impact is coming from? You haven't really broken it out before like this. And then the second point is, if your new net yield guidance is up 3.4% as ex translation and transaction, I'm just trying to figure out what the apples-to-apples is for your prior guidance for net yields for the year which was up 2% at the midpoint. If you ex out translation and transaction, what would that number have been?
David Bernstein: Okay. I think thats three or four questions in there but I will try to answer them one at a time. The way to think of the constant currency that we are talking about is to think of it in terms of the prices that the consumer pays. And so we are talking of that in the local currency. So were talking about a 3% to 4% increase in yields in constant currency, then thats a 3% to 4% increase in price in the local currency that the consumer pays. And thats probably the most important underlying metric for us to look at in terms of the strength of the business. When you compare that 3% to 4% that we gave back to December, if you remember back in my notes in December, I did say that in constant currency the yields were up 0.5% more. So the two -- the comparison is back to 2.5%. And so it was approximately 2 in constant dollars and 2.5 in constant currency. And thats why I indicated in my notes that we went from that approximately 2.5 up a percentage point to a mid-point 3.5. The difference between the two, I think everybody understands the translational impact when you have a brand like Costa in euros and you translate it back into U.S. dollars. Thats the translational impact as a result of the change in FX rates that we capture in the constant dollar measure. But the transactional impact, the best example of that is like Princess. Princess has a couple of ships sailing in Australia and they sell in the local currency in Australia. And when the Australian dollar moves compared to the U.S. dollar, transacting that back into U.S. dollars is at a different rate and that is what we call the transactional currency impact. Probably 80% of the [plus] [ph] of the currency impact that we have within the company is translational. And so when currency would move by small amounts on a regular basis, the constant dollar substantially accounted for all of the movement. But with the big moves in currency recently, if you look at our press release, you will notice that the difference between the current dollar yields and the current currency yields are 7.5%. Of that 1.5% is the transactional impact. So because currency has moved so much, the transactional impact has become more meaningful and therefore we wanted to disclose it to everybody and make sure people were aware of what was going on.
Felicia Hendrix : Okay. So that's very helpful. So as you said in your release, based on the current booking strength you're going to 3.4% and that's one point higher than your December guidance and it looks like you beat the quarter by, at the midpoint about 1 point on yield. So what I'm trying to figure out is, are you just passing through that upside or is your 3% to 4% inclusive of strength that you're seeing -- new strength that you're seeing in the rest of the year versus what you were seeing before?
David Bernstein: It's considerably more new strength that we are seeing and we did raise the raise the rest of the year. I guess the best way to kind of couch that is, I indicated that the net revenue yield was worth about $0.06 in the first quarter and we raised the whole year by 1%. So thats worth, as we have always told you, about $0.17. So you can see not only did we flow through the first quarter but we raised the rest of the yield as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of James Hardiman from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
James Hardiman : Thanks for taking my call and just to sort of follow-up on that last, response to the last question. So you raised or you flowed through the $0.06 yield beat to the rest of the year. How should I think about that remaining $0.11? Is it more weighted towards 2Q or are we thinking evenly weighted to the rest of the year in terms of the yield increase on the guide for the remaining three quarters?
David Bernstein: From a guidance perspective we took up the remaining three quarters but I would like to point out that what we took up in the remaining three quarters was the [tick up] [ph] on the net ticket yield. We left from our December guidance for the remaining three quarters, we left the on board and other yield the same.
James Hardiman : And the reason there being, obviously you have a lot more visibility about ticket yields going forward than you do about onboard spend which obviously doesn't happen until it happens.
Arnold Donald: Yes. More visibility, James, and the other reason is we also have tougher comparisons going for us because we have had several quarters, beginning since late last year, with increased rates of improvement in onboard spent. So the comparisons are being a little tougher going forward too.
James Hardiman : Got it. And then, just a question on currency from a demand perspective. Are you seeing any impact in terms of bookings that you think represent the big appreciation of the American dollar? Whether it's more Americans interested in traveling overseas given the strength of that dollar on cruises or the relative value of a land-based hotel and some overseas destination. Do you think there's anything that's changed excluding the translational and transactional impact of currency just on the demand side?
Arnold Donald: On the margin there it could be a little bit of activity but we haven't really measured any significant impact of people responding to the currencies. And a lot of it is just how we price things, too, you know local currencies for the European brands, dollar for us. And so we haven't seen any big lift in anything. Alaska is super strong but, again, I am not sure that's a currency driven thing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Mr. Kent your line is open. We will take the next question. The next question being from Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup.
Greg Badishkanian : I'm here. So my question is, obviously you raised the yield guidance which is good to hear. And if you kind of think about the different regions, where do you feel stronger about for the current year? Where do you have more confidence? And just kind of breaking out, the 3% to 4%, is it going to be a little bit stronger in Europe than the Caribbean? How would you characterize that?
Arnold Donald: Well, I think clearly, we are expecting relative uptick in the Caribbean. Caribbean was really crowded last year and going forward we see strength in the Caribbean and there's going to be a different capacity level in the Caribbean. So that'll bode well as well and it's easier comparisons on the Caribbean relative. So Caribbean's going to be relatively stronger. We've seen strength in Alaska but overall we are seeing yield opportunities everywhere in the world. But on a relative basis, if you are looking for it, I would have to say relative basis the Caribbean will look even stronger than some of the others.
Greg Badishkanian : Yes. Good. And from what we can see, it looks like the Caribbean, especially Carnival brand, seems to be picking up throughout the year. So would you expect the Caribbean net yields that you're receiving to maybe accelerate throughout the year? Or is it a one-time step up function in the second quarter and won't be consistent?
David Bernstein: Yes. It's early to tell. But we are seeing a continued improvement in the overall environment, particularly in the third quarter where the industry capacity is down double-digits. So we are expecting to see a continued improvement, at least through the third quarter and it's very rarely for the fourth. But we are forecasting good strong yields there as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harry Curtis from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis : Going back to your CapEx. As you layer in the progress payments for your new ship orders, to what degree will it impact your ability and desire to return cash to shareholders over the coming three years?
Arnold Donald: Well, first of all we are clearly focused on delivering double-digit return on invested capital. And as we move towards that and are successful in that, obviously we're going to generate a lot of cash. And the excess cash that's not being reinvested back into the business, as in the past, will be distributed to shareholders either through dividends and/or share buyback. So we do see an opportunity to deliver more to shareholders in that timeframe going forward based on our expected continued progress on the path of double-digit return on invested capital. While at the same time, having the capital required to invest in the business, to be able to sustain that performance and build on it.
Harry Curtis : Is it more likely that you take it -- go ahead.
David Bernstein: No, the only thing...
Harry Curtis : I am just wondering...
David Bernstein: Go ahead, Harry.
Harry Curtis : Bobbing and weaving. Okay. So I'm just wondering if it's more likely to see, first a lift in the base dividend versus more aggressive share repurchases.
Arnold Donald: That's a Board decision and we will make the decision at the time. Historically, it's kind of certain pattern but we will make that decision along the way.
Harry Curtis : Okay. And then...
Arnold Donald: It is nine ships and all that but the reality is it's still just two to three ships a year. And thats not dramatically different than what we have done in the recent past here. Still measured capacity growth. Still managing capital. We have to -- the only way we are going to get double digit return on invested capital is through yield and revenue. But we have to be disciplined in cost containment and we have to be wise in our choice of capital deployment and ensure that any capital we deploy does give us double digit return on invested capital. So we have clear line of site on managing and expect to be able to return to shareholders.
Harry Curtis : That leads to my other question. Which is, how much net growth do you see in the fleet over the next several years and even beyond, as you layer in these new ship orders? And particularly, do you see much net growth in the key markets, being Europe and North America?
David Bernstein: On the contracted ships that we have through 2018, the compounded annual growth rate in capacity from '14 to '18 is only 3%. And that's with a calculation that was done with the currently announced ship exits. So the numbers may actually be slightly lower than that as we continue to remove ships from our fleet. I mean, we're removing four from the fleet in 2015 and we do expect that we will remove more in '16, '17 and '18. When you start balancing that between the markets and you just look at what is announced relative to the North America, European and Asian markets, within that 3% you're seeing a 1% to 2% increase in North America and Europe, the more established market, and like a 20% increase in Asia. So overall as we make more announcements, I think those numbers will continue to move probably lower in North America, Europe and higher in Asia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz : Thank you. I guess my question is more surrounding this new chief procurement officer role and where you guys see the best opportunity to leverage or maybe use the entire business to reduce expenses and any insight you have to that. And then, if you have any added commentary on what brands you might prefer to add the new ships to that you announced yesterday, where those best opportunities are. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: You bet. I'll start with the new ship comment. The only color that I'll give that, I can't remember whether we sent a press release or not, is that some of those ships will be purpose built for China and so China is definitely a market that will be receiving some of those new ships. But in terms of the specifics on the brands, we're still working that through the brands and the yards and once we have concluded that, we will be happy to share it with you. And then the first part of your question concerning the procurement officer. Julia Brown is well known in the procurement field. She has had a highly successful track record at Kraft and now Mondelez and just a real star in procurement. And given the scale of what we have, we already have a line of sight on offsetting inflation as we've mentioned, $70 million-$80 million this year and we see that going on for several years. But it's in our best interest to have a top level procurement person overseeing that effort in collaboration with the brands to ensure that we not only deliver on it but have the opportunity to beat it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ian Rennardson from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Ian Rennardson: I have two questions for you. The first one is, it looks to me as if you've excluded the negative transactional effects in your yield guidance but left in the positive effect in the cost guidance. If that's so, what is the effect? What would be the like-for-like comparison on costs? And secondly, not being a currency expert, can you give me another example of what a transactional negative effect on yield would be, because it sounds to me like moving Aussie dollars into U.S. dollars sounds like a translational effect. I might be missing something there, though. Thanks.
David Bernstein: Okay. On the revenue and cost, basically because of the movement in currency we did get a transactional positive impact in costs and we lowered our cost guidance in constant dollars. So we did not increase our spending to offset that. We just allowed the transactional cost benefit to flow through. However on the revenue side, we had a negative transactional impact of revenue but we increased our expectations for pricing which offset the transactional impact on revenue. So in the end, the revenue guidance in constant dollars stayed the same but on the cost it went down. So hopefully that explains, it's clear. Now, you asked about the Aussie dollar and you said that it was a translational impact. It depends on the circumstance. So the situation that I gave was Princess cruises which is a U.S. dollar functional currency and when it's billed in Aussie dollars and it brings it back to U.S., that's transactional. Now, that is different than P&O cruises Australia which has an Aussie dollar functional currency and when you translate that back into U.S. dollars that is translational. So they have different basis and as a result it's two different types of transactions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question is from the line of Steve Kent from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steve Kent: Okay. So can you just talk about the way you're handling costs? The timing keeps on getting pushed back. It seems like your guidance is consistently -- it's a little too conservative but then you say in your press release that the costs moved or you didn't use as much or what the issues are. It seems to me like that cost variable seems to be moving around and keeps on being pushed forward. And then the other thing is, near-term demand has been pretty strong the last few quarters leading to some of the earnings beat. Is that a change in the way the consumer is acting? I just wanted to understand that whether there's been [indiscernible] change and we're just seeing closer in bookings versus let's say five years ago or three years ago, or ten years ago.
Arnold Donald: Yes. I will answer the second part first. In terms of near end bookings, that has been a trend in the business in recent years that bookings were occurring closer and closer to time of sale. So that has been a trend. We are enjoining some improved booking curves now in terms of booking occurring further out, both in Europe and in the U.S. So thats encouraging. It's not back to where it was, as David mentioned earlier on the call, in the past. But we are strengthening in the booking curves and thats really encouraging. So, yes, the consumers have changed behaviors to an extent but we also see through the recent results that we can further improve our booking curves and ultimately our pricing. Go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: Yes. And as far as costs are concerned, Steve, I mean this has been -- we have talked about this a lot over the years. We have basically indicated that you should try to judge us on our cost for the full year as opposed to the quarter. I mean our cost base is almost $8 billion in total. So thats $2 billion a quarter and we have to try to lay out exactly when we are going to spend every single dollar. And it's very hard within a three-month period to get it perfect. I mean things vary whether it's advertising expense or crew travel or some other hotel cost. It's very hard to pin down every single dollar in $2 billion for each quarter. But we do have plans for the year, people know what they are. They are flexible, they do change. But for the year we have a pretty solid guidance and we stick to those plans. But we dont force people to spend it specifically in a particular month or particular quarter. We allow people to make decisions and change timing to optimize the business and thats what you would want us to do over time. So hopefully thats helpful and it shifts a little bit of a seasonalization between the quarters.
Steve Kent: Okay. And then just one other quick what on this. You say that currency was a headwind but better operational metrics closed the impact to only $0.05 headwind. How much did the lower fuel price help this though? Because your fuel price per metric ton guidance for the full year now has decreased by $30. I'm trying to get a balance of those two issues.
David Bernstein: Okay. I'll give you a couple of numbers so that you fully understand. On a full-year basis versus the December guidance, the currency impact was $0.28 and the net fuel positive was only $0.02. So that is net $0.26 headwind that we were facing. We improved our overall guidance by $0.21 and therefore the decline in the midpoint of $0.05. And most of that $0.21, as I indicated before, was the 1% increase in the revenue yield which is worth approximately $0.17. So that's how the math works. Your point about the fuel, yes, the fuel price did move. But one of the things the fuel collars or the fuel derivatives offset a big chunk of the fuel price movement. And the reason that that happened was while the brent fell, our fuel price did not fall by as much as brent because when we did our December guidance, the [crack] [ph] spread was 75%, roughly speaking and at this point in time it's 81%. So brent fell by far more, 6% or so more, than the price of the fuel that we purchase and so that's why it wasn't a perfect 50% offset there. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva from Infinity Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Assia Georgieva : Congratulations on the excellent numbers. I had one quick question on the transactional issue. If we assume that the Princess Ship sales in Europe for a week long itinerary and prices at 1,000 per person, and we have a Costa ship sailing that those same dates for 1,000. Wouldn't we translate both of those at the same exchange rate? And David, are you just breaking down the Princess piece into transactional and the Costa piece into translational?
David Bernstein: Okay. All we are doing, basically in terms of the exchange rate, the rate of which would actually go back into U.S. dollars is the rate on the day that it was paid. So if theoretically both cruises were paid for on the same date, you use the rate thats the cruise was -- the booking was paid on. And all we are doing is separating it between translational and transactional because a Costa would be translational because it's euro based, and the Princess would be transactional because it's U.S. dollar functional currency. So it's same magnitude if it was paid the same day but it's two different types of impacts.
Arnold Donald: And the reason why there is transactional -- the reason why I said it's transactional wasnt as important in the past is because it represents a much smaller percent of our business.
Assia Georgieva : In terms of sourcing?
Arnold Donald: Yes. In terms of sourcing. So the movements and currency didn't affect the transactional to any great extent and why we what always have had translational and that's why in the past constant dollars were fine but now with the big movement in currency we have to look at local constant currency. As well as the...
Assia Georgieva : Great. This was very helpful. I appreciate it. And my second question relates more to the European-sourced passengers. They seem to be booking much closer for European sailings because they're closer to the actual port of departure and there seems to be a mentality of, I guess, closer bookings in general. After the unfortunate events, have you seen any change or is it still too early? Are people holding off?
Arnold Donald: Two comments. One is, in Europe we actually are seeing versus prior year and in previous few years, that the booking curves are further out. So we are seeing that both continental Europe and in the U.K. The events that you reference in Tunisia, that was just tragic incident and obviously we offer our sympathies to those directly affected and to the people of Tunisia. So that was a terrible tragedy. At the same time it represents 2% of our port calls, so from that standpoint, not overly significant. But beyond that the impact in terms of psychology of travel, whenever there are incidents like this, it affects the psychology of travel. And in difference source markets around the world, it affects it more or less. For example in North America some people are just nervous about going to all of Europe. They cannot think about specific locations. But at the same time, we will just have to monitor and see what the long-term effects are but there has been a history of the market response to these things and historically it dissipates and we feel confidence in the guidance that we have put forward to you based on what we can read at this time.
Assia Georgieva : Okay. Arnold, thank you so much for that color and David, thank you for running me through the example.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning. So most of my questions were answered. I won't ask about translation versus transaction again. I wanted to talk about the ad campaign. So obviously with the Super Bowl, you got so many impressions and you did kind of more of a consolidated multi-brand campaign, I think for the first time. How are you measuring the effectiveness of that? Does that change kind of your media strategy going forward? Just any thoughts on that would be helpful.
Arnold Donald: Yes. We have an internal joke here that almost anything that happens we blame it on the Super Bowl ad. So if the food is specially good in the cafeteria, we say the Super Bowl ad did it. But the reality is that following advertising's direct impact is always a difficult challenge. What we can measure is the level of communication. Web site hits, impressions, conversations around the brand. That we can measure. And so we know we had a lot more conversations generated about cruising. There is no question about that. We would hope that over time that translates to greater demand and ultimately bookings and higher yield. So we have confidence that that combined with all the work that brands already do, combined with the public relations that we have in general. Things like the naming of the Britannia, things like the Rose Parade, as I mentioned, with Princess, in the opening comments. All of those things create positive noise and consideration for cruising. And we do try to measure of course and we do track. And we try to measure uptake and bookings and so on to just make certain that we are getting the best result from the dollar and getting the return on investment. It's a difficult thing to do because we are also doing product enhancements on board and we know those. We can track that directly in terms of onboard revenue responses and in terms of guest satisfaction scores and what have you. So we feel it accomplished what we set out to do. We will be evaluating it through the course of the year to figure out what to do next, but we have four ships, three ships and a baby ship, that we want to introduce to the market in next year, in 2016. Thats going to provide us with tremendous opportunity for PR events to build awareness and conversation and we are going to factor it into our planning as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Stuart Gordon from Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Stuart Gordon: Just a quick question on the onboard spend. I was just wondering whether there's any way you could give us some color on disaggregating what I think you've commonly referred to as some changes in consumer behavior onboard ships and their spending? And what would be consumer recovery to get a flavor for where that boost in onboard spend is coming from, please?
Arnold Donald: Well, we always feel that the better the economy, the better off we are. But the reality is our onboard spend increase is across the board. So it's clearly not only tied to consumer response from economic improvements because it's everywhere. And so we know that it has been in part due to the stimulation of the brands working together, sharing ideas, building on each other's idea, sharing best practices. For example, the one example I gave, the Wi-Fi at Sea is a comprehensive conversation about how do we enhance connectivity on board the ship for both our guests and our crew. And coming out of that, a number of things were done collectively and some individually by brands based on the collective sharing and discussion. And ultimately it's led to a nice uptick in both guest satisfaction scores with connectivity and actually also in terms of onboard revenue. So we would see far more of the benefit coming from focused actions and efforts on the part of our outstanding employees that have revenue management responsibilities, onboard revenue management responsibilities, and they are working together and sharing best practices.
Stuart Gordon: Okay. And just to follow up. I mean obviously that's alluding to the fact that it's partly what you're doing to encourage changing consumer behavior. I mean, although the comps will get harder, does it give you some confidence that the acceleration in onboard spend and not forsaken to suggest it stays at 7.7% going forward, but it will stay better than perhaps GDP based thinking?
Arnold Donald: Well, obviously, we want to drive it as much as we can. And it's not so much change in consumer behavior as much as us listening to our guests and giving them more of what they want. And if you give them what they want, they will buy it. So, yes, we feel that we are going to work it and continue to work it. We think there is additional growth prospects but at this point in time, we think the prudent thing to do is the guidance that we guidance that we gave.
Operator: Our last question then will come from the line of Dan McKenzie from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie: Thanks, guys, for squeezing me in here. My question is on the revenue management practices. I guess, first, I'm just wondering how material that benefit is and then separately, just timing, is the benefit really limited to 2015 or is there an annualization effect that is going to continue to be a tailwind in next year as well as 2017?
Arnold Donald: Well, in terms of revenue management and dynamic pricing and all of that, that is an ongoing effort. It should yield results for some years to come. We want to accelerate the learnings we have and accelerate the adoption of those across the brands. It's very significant for us. We are at roughly 80 million passenger cruise days a year, so $1 a day across our fleet is $80 million and $10 a day is $800 million. So revenue management is absolutely a prime area of focus. It's the biggest driver we have and small tweaks add up to real dollars. So whether it's the actual tools that we use, the management systems that allow us to do more inquiry and change prices at smaller increments faster and so on and so forth, or whether it's actual presentation and psychology and packaging on pricing, all of that. All of those are areas that we continue to mine. We have got a clear line of sight from the study on about 21 different areas to explore. We are doing that. Luckily we are nine brands, we can do a lot of that simultaneously. Two in this brand, to in that brand. Get the learning and share it more rapidly. We have a guru in place, a coach, thats there to monitor process and encourage the brands and make certain that the communication takes place across the brands. And it's going very well. So we have an expectation that, no pun intended, they will yield results for several years to come.
Operator: Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. All very much. I really appreciate your interest and we were happy to deliver the quarter and we are looking forward to building on that momentum. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and we ask that you please disconnect your line. Thank you every one and have a good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-12-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - CEO David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - VP, IR
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Harry Curtis - Nomura Jaime Katz - Morningstar Richard Carter - Deutsche Bank Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Edward Stanford - Lazarus Stuart Gordon - Berenberg
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Arnold Donald. Please go ahead, sir.
Arnold Donald: Hi everyone, this is Arnold Donald, CEO of Carnival Corporation and Plc and Happy Holidays. Thank you all for joining us for our fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Today with me are Chairman, Micky Arison; our CFO, David Bernstein; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. We finished our fiscal year with a strong fourth quarter, exceeding guidance even before factoring in the benefits of lower fuels, and leading to 2014 full year cash from operations of nearly $3.5 billion. Earnings growth of almost 25% over 2013 and well above our full year guidance. That performance is a credit to our outstanding 120,000 team members and associates across the globe. In 2014, we enjoyed some early wins on our cross-brand collaboration efforts, and we had a number of significant achievements. Importantly, the groundwork for continued progress is laid for 2015 and beyond, as we aggressively move towards double digit return on invested capital. Overcoming a number of obstacles as is often the case, including the loss of higher yielding itineraries due to geopolitical concerns, dramatic capacity increases on the Caribbean, and capacity absorption issues in Japan, as well as some other one-off impacts, we were still able to deliver very strong results. Despite the aforementioned competitive Caribbean impact in fact, the team effort at the Carnival brand delivered a mid-single digit improvement in yield last quarter and a solid profit improvement for the year, exceeding our internal plans. We made consistent progress in Europe, as Costa and AIDA continue to improve yields, and contain costs through the benefit of cross collaboration efforts among our European brands. In addition, the formation of the HAL Group, the Holland America Line Group, under signed [ph] cruise, has helped to accelerate cross-brand collaboration, and streamline non-customer facing functions on the West Coast. In China, operating profit more than tripled, due to a combination of capacity growth and yield improvement. On having personally made several trips to China, I am confident in our positioning and the market's potential. Clearly, we have established a solid foothold in this very important region as the largest player home porting in China, and our development strategy is accelerating. Our Chief Operations Officer Buckelew is doing a great job, having recently relocated to Shanghai. As previously announced, we have signed a Memorandum of Understanding with CSSC to explore the possibility of shipbuilding, as well as other strategic partnerships to foster growth of the industry in China. Additionally, we entered into an agreement with Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri to join us in the exploration of shipbuilding with CSSC. This year, we also reduced fuel consumption by another 5% or $0.14 per share, bringing the cumulative reduction at 25% since 2007. We are committed to reducing consumption and the technology that we are rolling out next year will continue to improve the fuel efficiency of our fleet. At the same time, by developing and installing exhaust gas cleaning technology, we will greatly mitigate the impact of ECA coming into effect in January. Importantly, we made continued progress towards enhancing our fleet, while maintaining our commitment to measured capacity growth. We delivered two spectacular, and considerably more efficient ships, the Regal Princess, and the Costa Diadema. We celebrated their delivery with two highly publicized naming ceremonies this past [indiscernible], that was the star-studded Love Boat being guest lift [ph] board the Regal Princess in North America, and shortly thereafter, it was followed by the stunning Diadema two days later in fact, christened by one of our own value travel agent partners, Carolina Micheli in Italy, and supported by Maids of Honors, also travel agent partners, from Germany, France, Spain and China. We are very excited about our new ship deliveries, which combined with the ship's exits results in only a 2% of that capacity increase next year. In early 2015, we will welcome the new flagship for the P&O fleet, the Britannia, specifically built for our U.K. guests, and the first to feature the striking rendition of the Union Jack across our hull, as well as a host of new entertainment options. Then later in the year, we will welcome AIDAprima to Germany, featuring an energy efficient new hull design; and just this month, we signed orders for three ships, Seabourn, Holland America Lines, and the Carnival Line, for delivering in 2018, which brings the total order book to 10 vessels, now that's an average of roughly one ship per brand in total, over a four year period, reflecting our commitment to measured capacity growth. This past quarter, we reached an agreements to sell three less efficient ships, bringing the total sales agreements reached this year to four, also reinforcing our commitment to measured capacity growth, and at the same time, we are striving to create relative scarcity, by driving additional demand. We have a number of demand creating initiatives that we have already or will be rolled out soon. Beginning with the significant public relations effort across all brands to get our message to the vacationing public on what a great experience, and of course value, cruising represents. Our brands share of voice and positive mentions in the media were up significantly in 2014. Ongoing guest experience initiatives have continued to increase our already high satisfaction levels and drive advocacy among our established base of repeaters. Maintaining our focus on training demand, we have also further stepped up our marketing efforts with planned advertising spend higher than our already elevated spend in the past two years. In total, our planned spend is nearly 25% higher for 2015 versus 2012. Our 2015 marketing program is designed to reach the new to cruise market, including directing them to the experience that best resonates with their vacation preferences. Setting them on a journey of being lifelong advocates for cruising on our brands. As we head into the important 2015 wave season, we are gearing up these efforts. Yesterday, we announced we will air a commercial on Super Bowl Sundays, the world's biggest marketing stage. The commercial is part of a multi-platform marketing initiative, that has already begun, and will extend well beyond the Super Bowl itself. And as you may have read, we are working with Academy Award winner Wally Pfister, known for his work on the movies Inception, Transcendence, the Dark Knight Trilogy, and dozens of other films, to direct four full production creative concepts. As part of our initiatives, we are asking potential guests to provide their inputs on rough cuts of these concepts, and as an incentive to participate, one lucky person will win a cruise a year for life. Potential guests can check out the concept by visiting our marketing challenge on the web site, worldleadingcruiselines.com. The focus of all these efforts is to create relative scarcity by driving demand for our brands, that far outpace the supply, ultimately leading to higher yields. At the same time, we have embarked on a number of strategic initiatives, designed to move our company forward, and improve our top and bottom lines. Beginning with our segmentation study in North America, the first, we have done a cross-brands and the largest ever done in our industry, and its nearing completion, enabling us to gain insight on what guest value, to increase our share of wallet both in ticket and on board. We conducted extensive interviews with over 40,000 respondents and then we data mined our 30 million past guest database, for insights to help grow demand. The biggest opportunity for our industry is to increase our consideration in the overall vacation market, and at the Carnival Corporation, we are currently identifying the key areas to strengthen and improve our brands, based on the segment that resonate most with each brand. We have elevated our level of cross-brands, global deployment planning, and our objective in enhancing coordination of deployment across our brands is to drive greater penetration, more effective capacity management, and ultimately yields. Our burns [ph] passed deep dive examination of our revenue management practices has been completed, that effort was the first time we have looked at this important function across all brands to share best practices, and identify gaps, new practices and the best tools to use across the brand. To facilitate our ongoing effort, we recently hired a new Vice President of Group Revenue Performance, and what internally we call All-Brands, to sustain collaboration and rapid adoption of improved revenue management approaches. In core markets, where strong brands overlap, price decisions have already started to be coordinated across the brands. The brands have shared cutting edge tools, and are now aligning among revenue management improvement roadmaps, leading to more efficient and more effective efforts to increase yield. On-board, we have made continued progress on our strategy in the shops to improve retail, beginning with the midst of short term initiatives and longer term efforts, including new partnerships and store redesigns. Pilot ships are seeing double digit improvement in sales from our short term initiatives. Concerning cost containment, we made progress leveraging our scale, some early wins already contributed, not including inflation avoidance, $20 million in 2014. We anticipate another $70 million to $80 million in actual year-to-year cost reductions to benefit 2015 from our savings on multiple procurement initiatives, including protein produce and of course, air. Now that will be a total of $100 million in cumulative cost reductions by the end of 2015. We currently have further opportunity in the areas of ports, shore excursions, and technical purchasing. Over time, these leveraging initiatives will help offset inflation in the broader base of non-fuel purchases. We believe we are executing along a clear path to our double digit return on invested capital. We improved return on invested capital by nearly one point in 2014, and we expect another point of improvement in 2015. Clearly, we cannot save our way to 10% plus return on invested capital, we need to drive yield growth. We need to drive it in the low to mid single digit range, through higher ticket and on-board revenues. We are committed to driving relative scarcity by creating even more demand for our brands that outpace this capacity. We are focused on measured capacity growth, by delivering innovative and significantly more efficient ships, while at the same time, removing from service, less efficient ships. This ongoing rotation will enhance the return potential of our fleet over time. And clearly, we need to contain cost increases through our initiatives to leverage scale. Despite the higher hurdle on cost containment that measure capacity growth in producers, [ph] we expect our initiatives to offset inflation over the next few years, before reinvestment opportunities. But of course, we will continue to explore investment opportunities that provide attractive returns and drive yield improvement. So in summary again, we believe we are affirming on our path to achieving double digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years, and before I turn it over to David, we are very excited to announce that Christine Duffy, former Cruise Lines International Association President, will join the company and lead the Carnival Cruise Lines brand. In addition, Orlando Ashford, has been appointed head of our Holland America Brand. Christine brings over 30 years of experience in the travel industry, complementing with her [indiscernible] skill set, the great operational team we have on board already in Carnival. And Orlando Ashford, has a great history and track record of high performance culture change, that is done in a number of organizations through his previous responsibility, and adds a high complement to the team overall, that we have at the leadership team and the skillsets we have on our overall management team. So overall, we are very confident in our path forward, and I would now like to turn it over to David for comments.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in constant dollars, as this is a much more meaningful measure of our business trends. I will start today with a summary of our guidance topping fourth quarter and full year results, then I will provide some insight into our current bookings, and finish up with some color on our 2015 December guidance. Our non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.27. I am excited to report that this was $0.10 above the midpoint of our September guidance, and would have been above the high end of the September guidance range, even without the benefit of lower fuel prices. The improvement was essentially driven by two things, $0.05, the majority of which we benefited from higher onboard and other yields, as the improvement we saw in the third quarter was repeated again in the fourth quarter, and $0.05 from lower fuel prices. Now let's look at our fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 2%. The North American brands were up 2.5%, while our European, Australia and Asian brands, also known as our EAA brands, were up 1%. Our total net revenue yields in the fourth quarter were up almost 3%. Now let's break apart the two components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were up over 2%, and this was driven by 2% plus increases on both sides of the Atlantic. Improvements in the North American brands were driven by seasonal European programs, and late season Alaskan sailings. Improvement in the EAA brands were driven by net itineraries and Australia. Net onboard and other yields increased over 4%, with increases on both sides of the Atlantic as well, and across the world in almost all onboard categories. This increase was considerably more positive than our September guidance, it was another great quarter for onboard revenue. Net cruise cost per ALBD, excluding fuel, was down almost 2%, which was in line with the September guidance, and driven by the timing of expenses between the quarters, as the full year was up slightly. Fuel prices this quarter were down 13% versus the prior year, which saved us $0.09 per share. In summary, fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.23 higher than the prior year, driven by improved net revenue yields worth $0.11, lower net cruise costs, excluding fuel were $0.04, and lower fuel prices were $0.09. During the fourth quarter, there were a number of items that were included in our U.S. GAAP results, but excluded from our non-GAAP results, such as an $80 million restructuring charge, as we further leveraged to scale. All of these items are detailed in the reconciliation table in our press release. Looking back at the full year, we turned the corner in 2014 with improved earnings and positive yields. Our non-GAAP EPS was $1.96 versus $1.58 for the prior year, roughly a 25% increase. Our non-GAAP EPS exceeded the high end of our December guidance range of $1.40 to $1.80. The improvement over last year's December guidance was essentially driven by two things, $0.31 primarily from improved net revenue yields. This resulted from better than expected net ticket yields at our continental European brands, and better than expected onboarding other yields in the back half of the year and finally $0.05 from lower fuel prices. Turning to our cash flows for 2014, cash provided by operations was nearly $3.5 billion, 21% higher than last year, and capital expenditures, net of asset sales were roughly $2.5 billion, leaving us nearly $1 billion of free cash flow, most of which was returned to shareholders, via a regular quarterly dividend. Looking forward to 2015, as always, we will have a much better indication of demand, once we get into wave season, which is still a few weeks away. But the early indications are positive. For 2015, we are expecting net revenue yields in constant dollars to grow by approximately 2%. As we indicated in the press release, we are forecasting net revenue yields in the first quarter, to be up only slightly, which is impacting the full year average. We expect the remaining three quarters of 2015 collectively to be up 2.5% in constant dollars, and if you normalize for the transactional currency impact, the yields for the remaining $3 combined would be up 3%. Our forecasted net revenue yields are prepared based on constant dollars. The constant dollar calculation normalizes for the impact of currency translation for those entities, whose functional currency is different from the U.S. dollar. What is not taken into consideration in the constant dollar calculation, is the transactional impact relating to changes in exchange rates on revenues, that are in a currency other than the brand's functional currency. Historically, the transactional impact of currency on net revenue yields has been de minimis. However, we will continue to monitor transactional currency impacts, and highlight them when it makes sense. So in summary, our constant dollar full year net revenue yield guidance of approximately 2% is impacted both by the first quarter yield guidance, which is a couple of percentage points lower than the rest of the year collectively, and transactional currency impacts. The first quarter continues to be impacted by capacity in the Caribbean, which represents almost half of our first quarter capacity, but for the subsequent three quarters of the year, the Caribbean only represents on average, less than 30% of our capacity. For the full year, we are expecting to see yield improvements in almost all itineraries, including the Caribbean. However, we are being cautious in Australia, where the industry capacity is expected to increase by 20% this year. Now let's turn to bookings; at this point, for the first three quarters of 2015, cumulative fleet wide bookings are nicely ahead at slightly higher prices for both of our two major business segments. Drilling down into the booking patterns, first, for our North American brands; the Caribbean pricing is currently in line with the prior year at nicely higher occupancy, which bodes well for pricing on future bookings. Booking values during the last quarter are down, but that's because we are ahead, and we are still ahead at the moment. Remember, it is a zero sum game. Prices on these bookings are down slightly, which is reflected in our first quarter yield guidance. All other North American brand appointments combined, which includes the seasonal European program and Alaska, are nicely ahead on both price and occupancy. Booking volumes during the last quarter have been good, ahead of the prior year, but at lower prices, driven by transactional currency impacts. Secondly, our EAA brands; Europe itineraries are nicely ahead on occupancy at better prices. Booking volumes for these itineraries during the last quarter are also nicely higher than the prior year at better prices. Now turning to costs; net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD are expected to be up approximately 3% for 2015. As I mentioned on the September conference call, the majority of the increase is due to significantly higher drydock days in 2015, as we are working hard to accomplish a number of things. First, installing exhaust gas cleaning systems or more commonly known as scrubbers, which will reduce the impact of the new 2015 ECA requirements. Second, installing new fuel efficiency technology to further reduce fuel consumption, and third progressing the vessel enhancements we announced last year. We expect the majority of the higher drydock costs in 2015 will be reversed, since we currently anticipate a lower level of drydock days in 2016. Of the remaining one percentage increase, the majority is driven by higher advertising expense and product enhancements. For 2015, even after the impact of the new ECA requirements, which we expect to cost about $0.10, we are forecasting to benefit from lower price of fuel, net of realized losses on fuel derivatives by $0.61. Partially offsetting this -- or unfavorable currency exchange rate movements, including both translational and transactional currency impact, costing us $0.20. Putting all these factors together, our non-GAAP EPS guidance for 2015 is $2.30 to $2.60 versus $1.96 for 2014. On a final note, I want to share with you our current rules of thumb about the impact that currency and fuel prices can have on our results. To start with, a 10% change in all [indiscernible] currencies, relative to the U.S. dollar, would impact our P&L by approximately $0.30 per share for the full year, and $0.04 for the first quarter. This includes both translational and transactional currency impacts. The fuel price changes, as our fuel insurance program uses zero cost collars to protect against fuel price spikes, every 10% change in the price of fuel has a different impact, once the price of Brent moves outside the collars. Therefore, we laid out a sensitivity table in the press release, that chose the full year non-GAAP EPS impact, if the price of Brent moves up or down from the $63 used to determine our December guidance earlier this week. At the moment, we have collars for roughly half of our consumption for 2015, with four starting at $80. So essentially, we benefit from a 100% of the fuel price drop to $80, and roughly speaking, we still enjoyed 50% of the benefit of any fuel price drop below $80. I say roughly speaking, because in these calculations, we assume a static relationship between the price of Brent and the price of bunker, as each moves up and down. We all know the relationship has a tendency to move over time, but the correlation is recently good over the longer term. In the press release, we also included a table of the fuel derivatives we currently have for 2015 through 2018. And now operator, we are ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: I think that may be me, this is Robin Farley. Two questions, first is, I wonder if you could give us any kind of cumulative sense, how the Costa brand and the Carnival brand -- and at this point, through the end of this year versus peak pricing, going back to 2007. Just to get a sense of sort of how much recovery is left in each of those brands, in whatever way you might quantify for that? And then secondly, your ship announcement this morning, didn't have the cost per berth, and I wonder if we should assume both of them are sister ships to 2016 deliveries, how different is the cost on 2018 delivery? Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Hey, happy holidays to your Robin. First of all, concerning your question on Costa and Carnival, obviously we typically don't provide brand specific guidance; but through a lot of hard work, both brands are working their way back and we have been impacted, and the Costa brand by a significant economic downturn a year, but we are definitely on pace for a three to four year recovery, we just had a very good year with Costa, and we expect another one; Michael Thamm and his team are doing a great job over there. And hopefully, the moderately improving European economic situation is going to help us. In regards to Carnival, we did a really good job, offsetting the revenue shortfall that they experienced in the first half, and then we are working really hard to accelerate that. The profit improvement in 2014 was good, and we see things pointing up, especially as we get into the second and third quarters next year, when the Caribbean capacity decreases. And then concerning your second question on the fleet, the ships that we announced today, things are tightening up a bit, there is inflation and so on. But we are very pleased with the ships that we have announced, in terms of the deals we have constructed for those, that gives a shipyard lots of incentive to do high quality work, and give us an excellent opportunity for very high return on invested capital, given the ship's designs and the department plans going ahead. I hope I answered your questions Robin?
Robin Farley: Not as specifically as I hoped, maybe if you could just talk one last one and then --
Arnold Donald: Sure. By all means.
Stuart Gordon: I don't know if you have any initial thoughts on the potential for Cuba, and how you think that could affect kind of -- itineraries you get out to, when you look at your Caribbean mix thing, you know 35% or so of your fleet, and just sort of any initial thoughts, I realize its quite early?
Arnold Donald: There is no question, the legislative embargo was lifted, Cuba is a tremendous opportunity. There is a lot of pent-up demand to visit Cuba. It would allow us some very fuel efficient itineraries, also just new itineraries for those who love to go to Caribbean. There is about 11 ports, that are able today to accommodate our ships. There are some size restrictions, and those particularly in Havana. So we have a variety of ships and different sizes that can go to multiple ports. The Havana port specifically has a relatively shallow drafts, that will take some smaller ships that can't be drenched because of some of them over there -- the tunnels that is there. But there will be investment in ports and all the infrastructure required all the time, should the legislative embargo be lifted. But we are excited about the prospects for Cuba, and it would definitely create the demand that we need to have the relative scarcity to drive yields.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, Felicia Hendrix and good morning and happy holidays. David, wondering if you could just walk us through how you get to the high end of your earnings guidance range, given the metrics that you gave us in the release?
David Bernstein: We're talking about a range that is $0.30 wide, which is essentially two points of yield, and so at the high end of the range, from the midpoint you're probably either talking about a point additional yield, or something less than a point of additional yield, and something at a slightly less costs. Those are the types of things in terms of the guidance range that we are looking at.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. That's helpful, because when you gave us the yields and the costs, those weren't ranges. But what I am hearing from you is that implicit in your EPS guidance is some kind of yields and cost range?
David Bernstein: Yes, and basically the approximately 2% and approximately 3% was the midpoint of the range.
Felicia Hendrix: Right, okay. And then also David, keeping you in the hot seat here, regarding your overall net yield forecast, thank you for the color. You mentioned Australia as being an area of caution, given the capacity growth that's there. Just wondering if you could give us some more color on your thoughts, on what you're seeing and thinking about Europe next year, because capacity is growing there, while its mid-single digits, and its not an onerous number, it is up a lot versus a steep decline in 2014. So are you baking in any kind of conservatism for Europe, and then also maybe regarding the economy there, or how are you thinking about that?
David Bernstein: Overall, we are looking at yields in Europe to be up, we are looking it both for the seasonal European program for our North American brands, as well as our EAA brands. So we have positive yields included in the forecast for both, and we feel very good about that. We give you our best guess all the time, and so up approximately 2% is our best guess, given what we are seeing. But remember, wave season is a few weeks, and we will have a much better indication of demand, when we get into January-February timeframe.
Felicia Hendrix: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Steven Kent: Hi, two questions; just to follow-up on Robin's question on cost; the reason why are so focused in on it, is that it sounded like you're still in recovery mode for the brand, and that would be a lot longer than I would have thought for the brand to come back. If costs are now trending more along with the other European brands, or if there is still something unique about it? And then just one other thing, we noticed in the back of the press release, there was a restructuring charge of $18 million, trademark and other impairment charges in Q4? I just wanted to know what that was, and whether it was related to a specific brand or something like that? Thank you.
Arnold Donald: I will answer the second part first, $80 million refers to actions in both the Costa Group and the Holland America Group, where we set up reserves, as they effect the cross brand collaboration coordination, some redundancies widened, and we set up some reserves accommodate that, and the savings from that are reflected in the guidance, in the range that we have given for 2015. And what was the first part of your question again?
David Bernstein: Let me answer on the loss, Steve, the losses on the ship sales and ship impairments. What was included in the fourth quarter, was relating to the three ships that we talked about, that will be leaving the fleet, and that was the $70 million in the fourth quarter. The impairments relate to prior periods, which are also included in the table.
Arnold Donald: Okay. And then your first question was back on Costa again; look, the reality is, we have moved on, and we are focused now on driving yields and containing costs. But as you guys asked the questions about previous points in time and performance; clearly, we feel the cost of recovery was impaired by the environment and economic environment in Europe. But we had a good year in Costa; we had excellent improvement in profitability and expect to grow again next year.
Steven Kent: So then just sticking on that -- but I guess what we are asking is, is like Costa, AIDA, Cunard, just as European brands; are those three brands all moving together, or is Costa still not showing the same kind of momentum, both the upside and to the downside, as the other --
Arnold Donald: Europe is not one market, so you have the U.K., you have the Baltic, the Mediterranean, and so on. The brand sorts differently, in terms of their source markets, the countries people come from that, the weight of all that. So those are very three different brands; AIDA, the German brand, almost exclusively sourced in the German market, serves Germans almost exclusively, so that brand is not very-very well and continues to do so. The U.K. is heavily sourced, obviously with U.K. folks, and whatever happens in the U.K. and [indiscernible]. But Cunard is a global brand; Cunard sources from the U.K., North America, Asia, everywhere. So you are talking about apples, oranges and apricots kind of a thing. So we would not expect them to move in unison, because Europe is not one place, and even those brands, not all source exclusively from Europe. But Costa is doing well, Cunard is doing well, its just P&O, which I did mention and AIDA is doing very well.
Steven Kent: Okay. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, good morning guys. So David, you specifically called out Australia; and I know capacity there is up somewhere between 15% and 20% for the industry next year; but is that something that you are currently seeing right now in terms of pressure, or is that something you're saying further down the road, you think that could be something, that that market could come under pressure?
David Bernstein: I wasn't talking about pressure; Australia has seen double digit capacity increases, it absorbed it very well. All I was trying to do, as I was indicating that all the different programs were going to be up next year, including the Caribbean; but I was just cautioning you that Australia may not be up as much as some of the others, because of the larger capacity increase in that market.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, got you. And then second question, its a question we get a lot from investors, but given where oil is today, and I know you guys have never hedged in the past, and you have your field insurance [ph] out there, but is there any discussion going on at this point, in terms of doing something more to the extreme in terms of, basically trying to lock in more fuel at today's prices?
David Bernstein: Our practice has been to use collars to mitigate against spikes, and the prices, and that will be our practice going forward.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. And then last -- David, can I just ask one housekeeping question; do you have the capacity increases for all of Carnival by quarter?
David Bernstein: We do --
Beth Roberts: For first quarter, we are up 2.5%; second quarter is up 3%; third quarter is up 1.3%; fourth quarter is up 4%, for a total of 2.7 on the year.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, thanks guys. Happy Holidays.
David Bernstein: Sounds a little high, above the ship --
Beth Roberts: Let me just double check the number.
David Bernstein: I think that number is a little high. We will get the right number back to you. Beth will give it to you.
Beth Roberts: Let's go to the next question, I will go back to that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please proceed.
Harry Curtis: Hey, good morning. Going back to that last question, Arnold, you mentioned that your practice is to use collars, that's not been set in stone for a long period of time, and you've seen an unprecedented move in the price of crude. And just the lift in crude between sort of 2006 and 2012, devastated the company's return on invested capital; so I am just wondering, you sound committed to the collars, but is there any flexibility to moving to hedges, because if we do see a move back in crude, its going to have a negative impact on your strategy of lifting your return on invested capital?
Arnold Donald: Well first of all, with regards to return on invested capital, our plan has always been -- we weren't counting on fuel to drop, and we don't know what fuel is going to do in the future. So we need to get double digit return on invested capital regardless. Now clearly, if fuel continues where it is or drops further, that would accelerate the timeline, to get to the double digit return on invested capital. But we need to get there, regardless, so that's number one. And number two is that, we are protecting against spikes, so we want to protect against the downside, and there is all kinds of debate around hedging, and any cost of money to hedging, and you have to decided whether its worth it. In our case right now, we didn't hedge, and so we have been able to benefit in the recent drops in fuel prices that we had hedged. Before this, we wouldn't be enjoying quite as much benefit as we are today.
Harry Curtis: Right. But I am just if there is some flexibility at the board level on changing your strategy?
Arnold Donald: We will review it consistently. Our current recommendation is to maintain the color, practice that we have. But I am sure that that will be a conversation going forward.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And my other question is, can you give me a sense of the actual drydock days that are budgeted for 2015, and how that's different from 2014? What I am trying to get at is, when you think of how many ships in your fleet you really need to touch, whether its scrubber technology or vessel enhancement, are you -- is the implication that really by the end of 2015, all of that incremental investment and drydock days will be done by the end of 2015?
Arnold Donald: I think the way to look at it is, first of all we have got 550 drydock days in plan for 2015, that's a 50% increase over what occurred in 2014. There is no normal for drydock days, but if you want a number on average to think about over time, that would average out as probably in the 400 to 450 day type of range. In terms of the technologies, the fuel consumption saving technologies, as well as the exhaust cleaning systems; that's peaking for certain this year, in 2015. A lot of that will be done by 2016, and we should be pretty much done with that, completely by 2017. But there will be a major tailwind for 2016, from the reduced number of drydock days, 2016 compared to 2015.
Harry Curtis: So you would expect it to go back down to that average of 400 to 450 perhaps?
Arnold Donald: Yes, it will be in that range. We have to plan -- there is also other enhancements that we may put onboard, to drive revenue and so on. But directionally, you're absolutely right.
Beth Roberts: I am going to correct the capacity growth from earlier. The latest figures to cancel [ph] the ship sales for next year are 1.7% in the first quarter, 2.3% in the second, 0.6% in the third quarter, 3.3% in the fourth quarter, for a total of 2% flat on the year.
Arnold Donald: Right.
Harry Curtis: Okay. That does it for me. Thanks guys.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Jaime Katz: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Can you talk a little bit about how the marketing has evolved in China, as you guys have learned more about the consumer there, and how you are better targeting the consumer base in the region?
Arnold Donald: Well first of all, it continues to evolve obviously, and in reality, if there is pent-up demand. What we have done is, based on the experience of Costa, which has been there since 2006, we have gone with Italy's finest as the theme for the Costa brand, and that's marketed through the various distributors in China, who market directly to the Chinese public, as well as there is general marketing effort through internet and through TV. On Princess side of things, they were offering international experience from an American type perspective. We have catered a number of the features on the ships to the Chinese consuming public. But we are all fortunate whether its ourselves or others in the industry that are participating in that market. Its a very large market. There is pent-up demand, and we will continue to learn, to perfect both the guest experience onboard, as well as how to reach out to the Chinese public, that is eligible for cruising.
Jaime Katz: And then, do you guys have just forward CapEx estimates, so we can think about how those new ships might impact spend?
David Bernstein: Sure. We are looking at $3 billion, and this includes newbuilds as well for 2015 and a little bit higher, probably about $3.3 billion for 2016, and roughly $2 billion for 2017.
Jaime Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Carter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Richard Carter: Hi. Good morning everybody. Is it possible to just give us a flavor of thinking about the vessel enhancements you have done so far on Carnival Cruise Lines? What sort of impacts you've seen in terms of revenues post enhancements, versus pre-enhancements? And then second, you obviously talked --
Arnold Donald: I am sorry go ahead.
Richard Carter: Then just second question, just on the pent-up demand in Asia, there is obviously a lot of capacity coming into Asia forecast over the next few years. So do you see any risk at all in terms of yield growth coming under pressure, or do you think the demand far outweighs the supply?
Arnold Donald: First of all, concerning the Fun Ship 2.0 enhancements for Carnival, there is not question that it contributed with one of the contributors to the strong performance of our Carnival brand this year, and the overall lift in the profitability of that brand, that we saw. It also shows us guest satisfaction scores onboard, and it certainly helped to further invigorate that brand, and keep it very relevant for the guests and gradually in a power way, and it has positioned us well going into next year. With regard to China, your question again?
Richard Carter: I am just wondering about -- obviously you talk about this, there is a lot of pent-up demand, but there is also a lot of capacity of all the major lines going -- just your advice?
Arnold Donald: Right now, we are seeing yield improvements. But over time, depending on how things evolve there, there could be periods of out of sync capacity introductions to demand. But right now for 2015, where we have line of sight, demand is strong, and we are anticipating yield improvement and continued progress in China.
Richard Carter: Can you try and quantify a little bit in terms of onboard spend, sort of percentage changes on the vessels that have the enhancement investment? Is there any way of just giving us a flavor --
Arnold Donald: Well of course, how it has been [ph] in terms of Carnival, you mean?
Richard Carter: Yeah, post the investments on Carnival Cruise Lines?
Arnold Donald: Again a little more complicated than that. Its not just the Fun Ship 2.0 investment that would drive onboard revenues. But onboard revenue lift was strong, as we indicated in 5% in the fourth quarter. We don't see that as an ongoing run-rate of improvement, but we certainly see strong improvement and have that in our plan, to the guidance we have given you going forward. Some of that comes from not so much Fun Ship 2.0, but some different things we have done and we have learned through the brand collaboration and coordination and seeing all other things, and clearly some of it does come directly from the Fun Ship 2.0.
Richard Carter: Okay. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Tim Conder: Thank you and happy holidays, Merry Christmas to everyone. A couple here, just returning to the several questions you have had on Costa. You said that Costa is improving, I think maybe if you could give some color, it would be greatly appreciated I think by everyone. If you strip out China, which obviously you're using Princess and Costa in China led by Costa, how is Costa doing ex-China, I guess is maybe the question I'd like to drill in on? And then the FX going forward, can you give us a color, how much is U.S. dollar and then the major other currencies, the Euro, Pound and Aussie on a revenue and EBIT basis, looking to 2015?
Arnold Donald: Okay, with regard to Costa, China and then the European context, Costa is doing very well, but obviously as you move ships out, you have got less capacity in Europe. But in terms of the capacity out there, is higher performing [indiscernible]. We just don't give details by brand, but the reality is Costa has had a very nice recovery in Europe, and has set a strong performance in Asia. I will let David answer your exchange question.
David Bernstein: Yeah, as far as the various currencies, if you look at our revenue, roughly speaking, 50% is in U.S. dollars, something around a quarter of our revenue is in Euros. GBP is probably 12%, Aussie dollar 10%, and then everything else is just a few percentage -- should add up to the total. Tim, I don't have the EBITDA by currency, but you can always call Beth and she can give you some more detail after the call.
Tim Conder: Okay, great. And one last one David for you, on FX and the net cruise costs. You indicated that still you are looking at costs to be up roughly 3% with all the vessel enhancements, drydocks and scrubbers and everything. That's the guidance you guys gave 90 days ago, and with some of your costs denominated in foreign currencies, we would expect that to come down. Again, not to maybe lead the question here, but are we talking -- is that within the approximate 3%, and then you said 3% to a midpoint range, or is there -- have you all decided for 2015 to maybe spend a little bit more, the Super Bowl ad, or something else?
Arnold Donald: Let me make a quick comment before David answers; first of all, we have made progress against that 3%, we lost some of that progress when we sold the ship. But we got net positives from the sale of the ship, but the reality is, it was a drag on the cost side that David had added.
David Bernstein: There was a lot of changes in September and today, as Arnold indicated. And believe it or not, the sale of the Costa Celebration had an impact on 0.3 on the overall cost on a per ALBD basis. So that offset the total dollars and the savings flowed to the bottom line, but on a per ALBD calculation, we had less ALBDs, which made the percentage go up -- back up to the 3%.
Tim Conder: Okay, okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning guys. Happy Holidays to you as well. I had one quick question on the Carnival brand. We have seen the recovery in the second half of the year, a lot of that was onboard and I think Arnold, you mentioned that we shouldn't be counting on that to continue indefinitely. Were there any other specific initiatives, or was it more demand and market related?
Arnold Donald: First of all, in terms of the onboard, we expect it to continue, I just don't want you guys locked in on a 5% run rate. We will work hard to do that in better, but we are not forecasting that kind of a run rate going forward. But we absolutely expect it to do better going forward, and the improvement is included in the plan. In terms of overall though, Carnival is on a very good track, and we are very pleased with that. I do want to answer your question specifically though so, if you want to restate part of it, I will.
Assia Georgieva: I guess my question is whether demand market -- while demand has improved in the back half of the year, or was it something that relates more specifically to the efforts you have made at this brand?
Arnold Donald: Well its a combination too, if you ask an industry demand, certainly, because there was so much capacity in the Caribbean. Overall, the industry saw more people failing, and therefore by definition, there was increased demand. Our take of [ph] yield was up in that period, and we are forecasting it to be up certainly in the second, third and fourth quarters next year, helped by the fact that there will be significant capacity reduction late in the second quarter, going into the third quarter, but also helped by the performance of the brand itself, and then the overall efforts we have on the way, to create demand.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you, Arnold. That was helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Stanford with Lazarus. Please proceed.
Edward Stanford: Good afternoon everybody. Good morning. Just a quick question please, on the impact of the additional fuel costs relating to ECA. Has that guidance changed at all, since you last update the market, or is it the same as it was before? Thank you.
Arnold Donald: The guidance is the same. We have mitigated what would have been a $0.35 a share impact, down to $0.10 for next year; and overtime that will disappear, that will be reduced in 2016 and all but gone in 2017.
Edward Stanford: Thank you very much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stuart Gordon with Berenberg. Please proceed.
Stuart Gordon: Yes good morning. I apologize. We actually have about five [indiscernible] from across the lake. Two questions please; the first one is, you spoke earlier, but you know one thing as to forecast onboard going at the same pace as it has done. Could you give us a better color and what kind of difference it would make to your guidance as it did? And the second question is, is on the returns, obviously we have seen the improvement this year, you're guiding for 1% improvement in 2015. But it appears if we take what you said at the third quarter, that without the change to fuel, actually returns into 2015 would have gone down. Was that your thinking at the third quarter, or has your outlook for 2015 tempered slightly since?
Arnold Donald: Okay. First of all, I hope that's really test, because you are still on the phone with us. For the second part, David go ahead.
David Bernstein: As far as the onboard is concerned, every percentage point increase in onboard revenue yields, is worth about $0.04 in 2015. So we were forecasting something in the range, we have included in the guidance of 2%. If it turns out to be 3%, then we got to pick up $0.04. And as far as the return on invested capital is concerned, I mean overall if you looked at the full year increase on the midpoint versus 2013, the midpoint of 2.45 you're talking about, a $0.49 or a $0.50 increase overall. Fuel and currency, net of both the transactional and translational impact was about a $0.41 increase. So we did have some operational increase, and that's the result of the 2% yields offset by the 3% costs. So there was other increases, putting aside the operational increase, which would have drove return on invested capital up.
Stuart Gordon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And there are no questions at this time. I will turn the call back to you sir. End of Q&A
Arnold Donald: Okay everyone, thank you very much. Happy Holidays, we are clearly excited about what we have going on here and we look forward to seeing you throughout the new year.
David Bernstein: Happy Holidays. Take a look at the commercials.
Arnold Donald: Yeah. Take a look at worldleadingcruiselines.com, look at the spots and get ready for the Super Bowl.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-09-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold Donald - Chief Executive Officer David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer Beth Roberts - Vice President, Investor Relations Micky Arison - Chairman
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Joel Simkins - Credit Suisse Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Harry Curtis - Nomura Jaime Katz - Morningstar Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Robin Farley - UBS Nick Thomas - Merrill Lynch Stuart Gordon - Berenberg Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley Ian Rennardson - Jefferies
Arnold Donald: Good morning. This is Arnold Donald, CEO of Carnival Corporation & plc. Id like to thank you all for joining us for our Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today I am joined by David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. Although, our Chairman, Micky Arison is traveling today, he is on the phone with us. Before I begin, please note that because some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking, I must refer you to the obligatory cautionary statement in todays press release. This is an exciting time for our corporation. Last quarter we indicated that we felt like we were turning the corner and our third quarter confirmed that we have. The 15% earnings improvement achieved in the third quarter and the increased guidance expected an even stronger improvement in full year earnings is truly a credit to our global team. I am especially pleased to see yields inflect positively in the third quarter, and we are well-positioned to continue that trend. There is a notable lengthening in the booking curve, particularly across our European brands and bookings taken during the last quarter are running ahead at higher prices in both North America and Europe for the first half of next year. As it relates to effectively leveraging our scale to drive revenue and contain costs, our efforts and communicating, collaborating and coordinating across our brands are beginning to take hold, producing a few smaller early wins and showing progress in areas that would deliver in 2015 and beyond. We should have more to say in that arena next quarter. We are wrapping up our planning process which has me very excited about our business going forward. Fuel and environmental related investments will temporarily impact our costs progress primarily in 2015. Frankly, I am personally impatient to realize even stronger results more quickly, but it is clearly in all of our best interest to make the investments in environmental stewardship and energy saving technology that we are planning for next year. Not only do we view sustainability as the core guiding principle, these one-off expenses next year will yield financial benefits to us for many years to come. As you know, higher fuel prices had a meaningful impact on our business model, accounting for 5 point reduction in return on invested capital to-date. Without mitigation, the impending eco requirements were originally expected to have a further $0.35 reduction on earnings when effective in 2015. We plan to aggressively roll out our new technology developed over the last three years limiting the cost impact of eco to approximately $0.10 in 2015 and virtually eliminating any impact whatsoever by 2017 while protecting the environment. At the same time, we have a series of technology initiatives in progress related to energy efficiency in areas like propulsion, lighting and air conditioning to name a few that we will continue to roll out during the resulting accelerated dry dock schedule. These initiatives have a quick payback period as we continue to steadily reduce few consumption in the years to come. It is gratifying to say we have reduced our fuel consumption by another 5% this year and 25% since 2007, meeting our stated goal of delivering a 20% reduction in carbon emissions ahead of schedule while saving more than 1 billion gallons of fuel and $2.5 billion of fuel cost during that period. This efficiency improvement is a testament to the breadth of efforts undertaken to reduce the consumption on more of the existing fleet and the energy efficient advances that have been designed into the new ships delivered during this time period. During the third quarter, were also pleased with the steady progress that both our Carnival and Costa brands have made. Carnival Cruise Lines was recognized in YouGov 2014 mid-year Buzz Rankings Report as the most improved in consumer perception among all brands in the U.S., a nice affirmation of the success of the combination of recent marketing and product initiative as well as the effective public relation. Our teams put a lot of effort into achieving the sharp turnaround and its gratifying to see their effort recognized. Weve had great success with Seuss at Sea and Camp Ocean for the kids and for the adults with our Concert Series Carnival LIVE. Carnival LIVE has presented 24 concerts over 18,000 of our guests and will present 25 more concerts by year end with over 12,000 tickets already sold. In addition, we recently renewed the Great Vacation Guarantee, a hassle-free program that provides 110% refund if youre dissatisfied. As you might expect, weve had very few who have requested that refund. In fact, our guest satisfaction has increased substantially since we launched Fun Ship 2.0 in the fall of 2011. We have now added 300 Fun Ship 2.0 experiences across the Carnival Cruise Line fleet.  For the Costa brands, we have seen a steady improvement in both yields and profitability as well as the doubling of trust and confidence in brand perception in the core markets. We are well positioned for continued success in 2015 as we welcome the Costa Diadema to the fleet to be celebrated in November 7th during a special christening event in Genoa, Italy with the ships Godmother selected from participants and a worldwide travel agent competition. Two days earlier on November 5th in Fort Lauderdale, Princess will also celebrate its newest cruise ship which entered service in May, the Regal Princess, with the naming ceremony featuring the original cast members of the TV series, The Love Boat, as Godparents. 2015 marks the 50th anniversary of Princess Cruises and there are a plethora of special activities planned for our guests throughout the year. In July, Princess announced plans to build another new ship which will enter service in 2017. The vessel will carry 3600 passengers and feature the successful design platform introduced by sister ships, Royal Princess and the aforementioned Regal Princess. In keeping with our companys strategy of measured capacity growth, this will be our only newbuild in 2017. And we also have plans underway to sell the smaller Ocean Princess. And speaking of celebrations, the Queen Mary 2, 10-year anniversary celebrations last quarter included James Taylor entertaining Cunard guests on a transatlantic crossing. In July, Cunard, which remains the aspirational cruise experience for many around the world, was recognized as number one among the top megaship cruise liners in Travel and Leisures annual reader survey for the worlds best award 2014. During the quarter, we furthered our efforts to stimulate demand across the globe. Im particularly pleased with our public relations efforts and really want to recognize the efforts of all our public relations teams across the company. We enjoyed a significant increase in our share of voice globally. In fact, in the most recent quarter, our positive mentions doubled based on the many operational and guest improvements being implemented by all our brands. While we made a great stride in getting our message out, there are many additional opportunities ahead for us.  Also with respect to stimulating demand, China continues to be a focus for emerging market development where we expect double-digit growth over the next few years. We expect China to some day be the largest cruise market in the world. We are already the largest cruise operator in Mainland China, having been the first to enter the market through our Costa brand in 2006. Our China operations have been profitable and continued to improve as we increase yields and add more capacity. Next year, we will again lead the industry with four ships home porting in Mainland China and 12 marketing offices in the region. At all levels, the Chinese government and government affiliate organizations including the Ministry of Transport, the National Tourism Administration, the municipal and port authorities in for example, Shanghai and Tianjin, and the China Cruise & Yacht Industry Association have demonstrated impressive vision, and have worked hard to pave the way for the development of the cruise industry in China, reflecting the high importance we place on future growth with China to support our brands with strategic initiatives and coordinate our growth strategy in China. Our Chief Operations Officer, Alan Buckelew will relocate to Shanghai and manage his full corporate responsibilities from there. Again, the third quarter was strong. Our guidance for the year is up significantly. We are making real progress across many fronts, and we are excited about our prospects of returning to double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to five years. And with that, Id like to turn it over to David to take you through our financial results and updated guidance. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currency, as this is a much more meaningful measure of our business trends. I will start today with a summary of our excellent third quarter results and then give you more detail on our improved 2014 full year guidance. And while it is early, I will finish up with some preliminary insights into what we are seeing for 2015. Our non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter was a $1.58. Im excited to report that this was $0.17 above the midpoint of our June guidance, driven essentially by three things. First, better than expected net revenue yields worth $0.11, which was evenly split between ticket and onboard and other yields. Second, lower than expected net cruise cost without fuels worth $0.03, and third, lower fuel prices worth $0.02. We were pleased to see that net revenue yields and net ticket yields both turned positive in the third quarter, which we believe is the beginning of the positive trends weve been expecting. On the cost side, the slightly lower than expected net cruise cost without fuel was simply due to the timing of certain expenses between third and fourth quarter. Now, lets look at our third quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 2%. The North American brands were up almost 4%, while our European, Australia and Asia brands also known as our EAA brands were essentially flat. Our total net revenue yields in the third quarter were up almost 2% despite lower occupancy. Although Im happy to say that occupancy was almost a point higher than we had anticipated in our June guidance. Now, lets break apart to two components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were up almost 1% and this was driven by our EAA brands being up 4%, resulting from improvements at our Continental European brands and double-digit increases in China. Our North American brands were down just over 1% due to the continued promotional pricing environment in the Caribbean. However, the yields were better than we had anticipated in our June guidance both in terms of price and occupancy. Net onboard and other yields increased over 5% despite lower occupancy, with increases on both sides of the Atlantic and across the board in almost all categories. This increase was considerably more positive than we anticipated in our June guidance. It was a great quarter for onboard revenue. Net cruise costs per available lower berth day excluding fuel, was up 0.5 point, and that was less than our June guidance due again to the timing of certain expenses. In summary, third quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.20 higher than the prior year, driven by improved net revenue yields worth $0.09, the 2% capacity increase, favorable exchange rates, improved fuel consumption, and lower fuel prices. Now looking forward at our fourth quarter yield expectations. With the overwhelming majority of the quarter booked at this point at higher prices, we are well-positioned to achieve our fourth quarter total net revenue yield guidance of up 1.5% to 2.5%. This is due in part to our expectation that the North American brands net ticket yields will turn positive consistent with what we discussed on the June conference call. Remember the EAA brands turn positive in the second quarter. Given the overall positive yield trends in the back half of 2014, we now expect full year 2014 net revenue yields to be flat with the prior year. Turning to the cost side. With the majority of the year now complete, we have narrowed the range on our full year cost guidance. We now expect net cruise costs excluding fuel per ALBD to be up slightly. Putting these factors together, our 2014 non-GAAP EPS guidance is $1.84 to $1.88 per share with the midpoint that is $0.19 higher than our June guidance. Essentially we flowed through the better than expected third quarter yields worth $0.11 and increased our fourth quarter revenue yield forecast slightly. We also benefited by $0.04 from the net impact of fuel prices and currency. While its still early, I am going to provide you with some color on what were seeing for 2015. At this point, cumulative fleet-wide bookings for the first half of 2015 are ahead at higher prices. Now lets look at the booking patterns for each of our two major business segment for the first half of 2015. First, for our North American brands. The Caribbean is ahead on both price and occupancy and represents 56% than the first half of 2015 capacity, while other North American brand deployments combined, which includes the early part of the seasonal European program are also ahead on both price and occupancy. Booking volumes during the last quarter have been good, ahead of the prior year at nicely higher prices. Secondly, our EAA brands are also ahead on occupancy but prices that are just about in line with the prior year. Booking volumes during the last quarter are higher than the prior year at slightly higher prices. With increased net ticket yields expected for both our business segments for the fourth quarter of 2014 and positive early booking patterns for the first half of 2015, we are confident that we will see solid yield improvements for 2015. As we usually do, we will provide detailed yield guidance for 2015 during our December conference call. Having completed our planning meetings with all our brands for 2015, the cost picture is taking shape. As we indicated in the press release, we expect net cruise costs per available lower berth days to be up around 3% for 2015. The majority of the increase is due to significantly higher dry-dock days in 2015, as we are working hard to accomplish a number of things. First, installing exhaust gas cleaning systems, or EGCS, more commonly known scrubbers, which will reduce the impact of the new 2015 eco requirements. Second, installing new fuel efficiency technology to reduce fuel consumption. And third, completing the vessel enhancements we announced last year. As we look further out to 2016, we expect that the majority of the higher dry-dock costs in 2015 will be reversed since we currently anticipate a lower level of dry-dock days in 2016. I am pleased to report that the various cost initiatives that we are working on for 2015 and beyond are beginning to take shape and are expected to completely offset inflation in 2015. However, we wont rest there. Over the years we have developed an excellent track record of cost control, and we will continue to focus on leveraging our scale and reduce costs further in 2015 and beyond. As Arnold indicated, we are aggressively rolling out the EGCS on our ships. The currency schedule calls for EGCS to be installed on 16 ships before the beginning of fiscal year 2014 and 42 ships are expected to have commissioned EGCs by the end of fiscal year 2015. We expect these efforts to mitigate the vast majority of the impact from the new ICA requirement. As we indicated in the press release, we currently estimate that the new requirements will cost us about $0.10 in 2015. Going forward, we expect about half of this to disappear in 2016 and the remainder should just about disappear in 2017 as the result of the installation of EGCs on additional ships. And now operator, were ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. David, since you ended on cost, Ill start my question there. Thank you for all the color regarding the increase -- regarding -- related to the higher dry dock days and whats driving that? You mentioned this a little bit in your prepared remarks but Im wondering if you could just give us some color about what is going on with your just underlying cost structure ex this dry dock cost driver? Whats going on with your current ongoing cost saving initiatives? And is there any way that those might further offset this cost guidance that you provided us with today?
David Bernstein: Felicia, about two-thirds of the cost increases, I said, was relating to dry dock and the other third was really an investment in various areas of the business in terms of things like deployment and occupancy and other things, which are driving the remainder of the increase. And on the flipside, I think as Arnold indicated lot of the leveraging our scale and the efficiencies are taking hold and were expecting to see that completely offset inflation. Were still working very hard, thats our direction at this point and as we made greater strides, well update all our projections and forecasts accordingly.
Arnold Donald: Felicia, as we offset the inflation with some of the initiatives that we have, were looking aggressively. Were not afraid to invest if we see a line of sight return from that investment. So we arent afraid to reinvest to the business to drive yields and to drive revenues. So youve got a mix going on there some of the cost increases in vessels.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Okay. Thanks. Thats helpful. And Arnold, there was a comment in the release that you made your recording statement that youre gaining momentum towards your goal of achieving double-digit returns in ROIC over time. I was just wondering if you could talk more about that comment over what time -- obviously, were not looking for specific date. I know you not going to give one but are you thinking about over the next two to three years or are you looking at longer than that?
Arnold Donald: Were looking at three to five years to get to double-digit returns. So we have a large business here, system hits with fuel increases and other things. But we definitely see the path in the next three to five years to get to double-digit return on invested capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Okay. Super helpful. Thank you. And then just David, one last housekeeping, your occupancy rate in the quarter actually came in lower than we are expecting. And we were estimating kind of this strategy that youre using and then near-term to kind of navigate through the tough promotional environment in the Caribbean. I'm just wondering, how should we think about occupancy rate in the fourth quarter? And in 2015, do you think this strategy will continue? It sounds like things are getting better in the Caribbean for you. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Sure. Well, Im not sure. Our occupancy rate came in 1.7 points below the prior year, which as I think I indicated in my notes was a bit better than we had anticipated. So we were able to do much better. That was part of the yield improvement that we saw in the third quarter. And as we move forward, I think, I talked about this on the last conference call that holding price and giving up some occupancy is purely a tactic. We will continue to work through that. If the tactic makes sense, well utilize it. But I think as I indicated just a moment ago, as part of our cost increase one of the things was higher occupancy relating to the variable cost of food and port charges, etcetera. So were hopeful that as we move forward, part of that yield improvement is the higher occupancy for 2015.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays:  Great. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joel Simkins with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Joel Simkins - Credit Suisse:  Good morning, everyone. Obviously, you guys are very positive on the Chinese market, and thats certainly been developing over a number of years here. I guess, can you sort of juxtapose what youre seeing perhaps in Macau, and does that give you any pause as it relates to sort of continuing to add capacity in and around China?
Arnold Donald: I think Macau is the destination for those who like gaming, and we are actually in a true cruise product. And so today, those selling on our cruises, actually our casino opportunities to date have not been strong on our ships, because they are really going for a cruise. They have families, etcetera. So Im not exactly sure were referencing in Macau, but in terms of the cruise opportunity, the Chinese government has shown a lot of vision. Theyve made developing the cruise industry a priority. And with their support, companies like ourselves have a tremendous opportunity to tap into what is a huge market possibly and weve enjoyed early success and plan to build on it.
Joel Simkins - Credit Suisse:  And one quick follow-up if I may Arnold. I guess if youre to sort of peg a 1% of your yield improvement and sort of the improvement in booking activity for 2015 directly to some of the revitalization that youve done over the last year or so, particularly on the Carnival brand, I mean what percentage you think is contributing towards that improvement?
Arnold Donald:  Yes, it would be very difficult to say, to isolate variables like that. What I can tell you is that we have definitely gained momentum across the brands in terms of best practices. We havent finished our revenue management project, but already weve had lift on isolated itineraries across brands as they collaborate appropriately. Also on onboard revenue, some of the onboard revenue lift weve experienced has come from again great collaboration across the brands, identifying best practices. We see that continuing to build in even more dramatic fashion than weve experienced to-date because weve only touched the tip of the iceberg today.
Joel Simkins - Credit Suisse:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Mr. Kent, your line is open.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Yeah. A couple -- can you hear me?
Arnold Donald:  Yes, Steven, we can hear you.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. So I guess just on Joels question. On the China opportunity, what has changed there do you think that youre willing -- more willing to commit ships and human capital to the market, especially putting COO and I am assuming some other management people there, because in the past China has been a little bit more difficult and that hasnt been a home run? And then separately, Arnold, because you just mentioned this, the cross collaboration which has been a big focus of yours on that onboard spend, could there be more to go as you start to integrate some of those great ideas and maybe you could share some of the specific best practices that youve seen? And then one final thing -- and Im sorry I ask this fairly frequently, why not set a more specific cost target for the next couple of years? You now sort of set an ROIC target of three to five years, why not set something more on the expense front? Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you, Steven. So your first question concerning China, we began investing in China in 2006. The Costa brand, as I mentioned, in the introduction here was the first brand to do so in China. And things take time to develop and we have been successful in developing our business there and others have come in now as well. Whats changed in addition to that, first was it just takes time to develop a market. But whats changing in addition to that is that the government has it as a priority now. The Chinese government has a plan for development of a cruise industry in China and that means, you are getting tremendous support and opportunity to participate led by the various governments whether its the Central Government or the provincial or the municipal governments like in Shanghai and Tianjin. And so all of that bodes well, we are beginning to gain momentum. Distribution system is learning how to market a product such as a cruise product. You are beginning to see players in China look at building the domestic brand, which we think will be real powerful at to developing that market. So thats basically what is going on in China, and then getting enough scale that it does take cost, obviously, to build brands and to build the presence, and now, obviously, with the number of ships we have there now and the ones we are going to add, we are beginning to get scale so the opportunity for greater profitability is there. So thats the quick answer on China.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Let me just add one other point on that. Steve, we have talked about this before, historically, as Arnold said, we started in 06 and we were investing in China, which was a nice way of saying we were losing money, we broke even in 12, we made money in 13 and 14, we saw double-digit yield increases in China and the performance of our ships in China has been excellent and so we are very excited about the opportunity as we move forward. To your second question
Arnold Donald: No. Concerning onboard revenue, your second question, in terms of is there additional opportunity? Absolutely, we had a 5% lift in onboard revenues in this quarter to suggest that we will have a 5% lift every quarter from hereon on out, we will probably not be anywhere near the right thing to say. But, clearly, we see opportunity in specific areas. We had an area in casino, we had area in beverage upgrades and restaurants upgrade opportunities. There are host of others. But we are just at the tip of that in terms of really harvesting what is possible there. And then you last question.
David Bernstein: Was relating to the specific cost target heading back
Arnold Donald: Yeah. In terms of giving you a specific number on costs, as we mentioned, directionally, we see as offsetting inflation, thats a $75 million to $80 million number on to itself. We havent finished all of the projects yet. We are in the middle with the airlines in terms of our airline RFPs. Obviously, we are not going to give a number on that because we are on negotiation with them as we speak that will be wrapping up soon. And I think we will have more to say in the fourth quarter. But in terms of saying a specific target, the reality is, we are going to reinvest in the business too. So, I think, we will give you one-off as we determine them and we will share with you what were reinvesting in at the appropriate time and whether or not we think we will pay it off. Thank you, Steve.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel: Yeah. Good morning, guys. So, David, going back to your cost guidance for 2015 and 2016, I guess. Is it fair to say, I mean, if we simplify this that basically in 15 and 16, if you stripped out your dry-dock costs, you are basically looking at flat over that two-year period?
David Bernstein: Roughly, speaking, thats a good estimate. But I will say, one other thing that we have to decide on for 2016 is whether we have additional product enhancements or investments. As Arnold said before, he is not afraid to make some good ROE investments to improve yield to improve the operating income because thats where we are most focused on. So absent that, yes, the math is similar to what you are describing, but yet, there are lot of decisions yet to be made.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel: Okay. Got you. And then, Arnold, seems like the Carnival brand itself is started to get a little bit momentum here? Can you maybe help us think about the recovery in that brand and how you, is it moving quicker than you guys would have thought, is it lagging, maybe also and I dont know if you will give this, but where is the booking window for just the Carnival brand and maybe pricing relative to all the triumph -- the triumph incident?
Arnold Donald: Well, real quickly, in terms of the overall feeling about the brand. I would say that the recovery is probably the little faster than we had a right to believe it would be, but at the same time, its not nearly fast enough for all of us and our brand people certainly deserve a tremendous amount of credit for their product innovations and both in terms of hardware product and soft product onboard and just an excellent delivery on restoring the confidence in the brand and having people appreciate the great experience that the Carnival brand is. So were pleased with it but at the same time, we are not satisfied and were going to continue to pursue aggressively building the Carnival brand and in getting back to the historical levels. In terms of the specifics, we -- as you know, we are not going to give a lot of yield-by-yield or brand-by-brand detail. So just in general, I would say that the yields are showing some strength the Caribbean is we all know was very tough environment this year. We anticipated that in our original guidance for the year. So it was a difficult year overall in the Caribbean from a pricing environment. But the brand has navigated that well and has offset some of that with strong onboard revenue lift and were feeling really good about it. But as you know, we dont give lot of brand-by-brand detail.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Arnold Donald: Yes.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Very good. I wanted to touch on CapEx for a minute and make sure that we have an accurate estimate of your CapEx in 2015 and 2016. Now that youre going to be in probably increasing your dry dock days, David. Can you give us a sense of what your full CapEx is likely to look like in both 15 and 16?
David Bernstein: Yeah. CapEx, roughly speaking for 2014 is $3 billion. Thats probably going to be similar to that level in 2015 and 2016. Were obviously still going through a lot of the detail for those years and we can give you better guidance as we make some more decisions down the road.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: So it sounds like theres going to be some incremental investment in these systems and based on our estimates, does that -- it looks to me to be an incremental maybe $600 million to $700 million a year. Is that in the right ballpark?
David Bernstein: Im not sure what numbers youre comparing but these are the numbers that I just quoted very close to the numbers that we have been talking about for the last six to nine months as far as my memory is concerned.
Beth Roberts: Yeah. But it does reflect the higher level of investment enhancement cost as well as scrubbers for this intervening period not just the scrubbers.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Right. Thats what I was after. And then the last question is you mentioned that by the end of 15 probably the low 40s, the number of ships will be complying with ICA. Ultimately how many will have to be touched within the system. Is it 70 ships, is it 75 ships. What is that number likely to be?
Arnold Donald: Directionally, the 70 numbers are our magnitude number that ultimately depends on future deployment plans and what have you but
David Bernstein: Through 2016.
Arnold Donald: Yeah, through 2016.
David Bernstein: And current requirements.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Okay. So roughly 25 of your ships are newer and really dont have to be -- have to have much
Arnold Donald: No, no, we dont need scrubber. We dont need the EGCs on every vessel. It depends on where they are deployed. ICA is not a universal. So it depends where the ships are going and so some of the fleet doesnt hit ICA-impacted destinations.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: All right. So the bottomline is .
Arnold Donald: Havent cleared that from a flexibility standpoint, most newbuilds will be equipped to handle the regulations just from our long-term planning standpoint.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Okay.
David Bernstein: And when you get into future regulation
Arnold Donald: Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Go ahead.
Arnold Donald: No, you go ahead.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Yeah. I guess, I was after is in 16, youll probably be doing another 20 to 25 ships and then youre pretty much be done.
Arnold Donald: I think if you are trying to get a feel for it, 15 over two-thirds that increase, I think as David mentioned on the cost side that directional increase were sharing with you all right now was related to increased dry-dock days partly EGC related, partly the fuel-saving technology related. And when you go to 16, that will fall off and there will still be additional work to be done. So we wont recapture all of that, but say two thirds of the cost of those increase that peak in dry-dock days for next year. Two thirds of the cost related to that will probably disappear in 16. But we will continue the implementation, aggressive implementation of both EGCs, and the fuel-saving technologies because they have sharp payback periods.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Thanks guys.
Arnold Donald: Did that help you? Okay. Good
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Yeah. Thanks very much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: Good morning. I just had one quick question on China. Im curios about what sort of headwinds you guys have on expanding the infrastructure with I guess, just the people selling the cruises there and then maybe persuading some of the consumers that your products is different than some of the other products that have been out there in the past from other vendors like Star?
Arnold Donald: I think fundamentally, there are several issues in your question. First off all, just the consuming public out of the guests, helping them understand what a cruise is, is still a challenge there. Now, early on, there are so few ships and such latent demand that its not a huge challenge because there are enough people there that have some familiarity that we can certainly fill the ships. The challenges as we -- as a growth suggest communicate what a cruise is and that is not just a, for in our case a gambling destination or gaming destination. So there is a challenge. Therefore, we are in the work of doing that along with our distributors there that work with us and we are beginning to have the success with that. On the other side of the coin in terms of the challenges in developing a market is a host of things, and it includes port development that needs to be extensive port of people have to have a place to go and things to do when they get there. There has to be availability of international ports where the Chinese are sort of free to go in and have the opportunity to experience and enjoy. And then there has to be supply chain development locally there to provision and provide the infrastructure. So there is a ton of work to be done, is to add an early stage which is very, very exciting and you can just see the potential and the possibility. And like I said, we are already experiencing good results and are excited. It will take time. Its not going to happen overnight and thats why we are sending Alan over there now because there have to be a number of areas sorted out and wed like to have one of our top people full time there, working it everyday to position it, for what should be in the not too distant future a tremendous opportunity for the entire cruise industry and especially for Carnival Corporation.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: Are you guys finding that cruisers are acquiring, or purchasing the product more on their own or sell through to travel agent channel there? And if it is through the travel agent channel, how sizeable is that at this point?
Arnold Donald : Yeah. It is definitely through distributors. Technically and mostly, its the ships that are chartered and so the distributors charter the ship and then market it to the Chinese populous. Thats the structure today, is working just fine. Its a good model. That model has existed in other places and eventually of course, they end up being probably direct selling the best ways off. So right now it is through a distribution network. The distribution network is well organized. There are some very large entities involved in that in China domestic companies of great scale and significant market capitalization, et cetera. So these are professional organizations that do a good job.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva from Infinity Research. Please go ahead.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Good morning. This is Assia. Congratulations on the great Q3 results and I have another follow-up question to China. Do you see any improvement in terms of the relationship between China and Japan so that you can offer a more varied destination or experience for the Chinese passenger?
Arnold Donald: Obviously, were very respectful of relationships wherever we operate, and thats outside of our scope. We do expect over time that there will be opportunities for easy exchange between those countries. And obviously we have ships all imported in Japan as well. And so we are optimistic about all that, but thats beyond our scope as a company to be involved in those types of relationship matters.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And Arnold now in Q1 that will be anniversarying the Caribbean capacity increase, do you think that in 2015 we can get back to kind of the historical yield increases of about 1.9% that weve seen in the past, or is it still too early to say?
Arnold Donald: I think we are not really giving obviously any yield guidance at this point for 2015. But I think directionally I would say things should look better in the Caribbean beginning in the later second quarter. And through the third quarter, it should be very good, because there will be capacity reduction in the Caribbean next year versus this year. So I think directionally it looks a more positive. But at this time, I would have to stop there, because it would be little early to go beyond that.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay. Understand. Thank you so much.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you. Let me wrap up one other one on China if I may. It appears that the functional currency is still the euro at this point given that everything is under Costa. Do you see that functional currency changing in the near future as China grows significantly? And then secondly, back to the cost comments, clearly the scrubbers matters somewhat of a unique item and something that you just have to do. And it sounds like -- and correct if I am wrong, you termed that more as a one-off, which we would agree with. Future investments though, do you see those as more the ongoing part of the business in redeploying some of those cost savings?
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you. First of all, on the China comment on the currency, obviously we do have Costa. We also have Princess in China as well. And then I really cant comment on the currency.
David Bernstein: If you are talking about, Tim, the accounting functional currency for these entities, at the moment because it is part of the Costa brand, we look at it collectively together. And you are right, it is a euro functional currency. But as that grows, we will evaluate it. Today, its only two ships, were writing third ship next year to the Costa Asia Group. And so as that grows, that might be something we will reevaluate. But at the moment, we are happy with the accounting for it.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Got it. And Princess?
David Bernstein: And Princes, the same thing, its just -- it was a half a ship last year. And as that grows, its U.S. dollar functional currency. And as that grows, if there is a good reason, we will reevaluate it.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Got it. Okay.
Arnold Donald: And then your question on the costs, could you repeat it please?
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Yeah. I guess, it boils down to, it sounded like the scrubbers would be -- you are viewing that more as a one-off cost given the unique changes that you are seeing in the regulation. But the rest of the investments, would you view those as sort of one-off or would that just be forward in your cost savings? You said as it stands now, half the rates are basically flat with inflation would be fair, but then would those investments then be netted against that, or would you view those more as a one-off?
Arnold Donald: Got it. So first of all, the increase in dry-dock days that went planning for 2015 evolves both the EGCS as well as some fuel technologies, fuel saving technologies. Hopefully, we will find additional fuel saving technologies, but I think its particular group that we are looking at is more one-off, and thats why we will have a reduction in 16 in the cost equivalent of the dry-dock days. A significant reduction in the cost from the peak you will see in 15. So in that sense, it is one-off. In terms of other cost savings or other investments, we are making investments in multiple areas, whether it is a guest experience enhancement or whether its related to creating demand, directly through advertise or promotions, especially those kinds of things. So those we will look at on a case-by-case basis and as we see an opportunity for return, we will implement them and some are technology based enhance the guest experience are create leverage in generating demand, so its a host of things. So there will be some ongoing. We had a peak with that right now its hard to say. But what we will tell you is that, we still have a focus on cost containment and so we are confidently harvesting opportunities to reduce our costs and then we decide whether those results will go to bottom line, whether they will be reinvested to drive revenue, because it gets to the double-digit return invested capital, in the timeframe we are talking, we will have to obviously drive revenue and that is our focus.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thank you, both.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley - UBS: Great. Thanks. Two question, first on China. Have you looked at partnering maybe different kind of venture with local travel companies there or is that something youve thought about and decided not to do or something that youre considering? And then my other question is just on your expense guidance and I hate to focus so much on expense line, obviously the yields are -- the yield growth here is above expectations and thats whats going to drive so much of the return recovery, its really yield story. But just one smaller sub-question and just your full year guidance, I know there was some timing shift between Q3 and Q4 for your full year guidance non-fuel expense up slightly instead of being flat to up slightly, just up slightly. Is that just kind of the reinvesting in the product that you talked about? Is there anything particular there or is that just for that general reinvesting you talked about?
Arnold Donald: Okay. Lets do the China question first. In terms of partnerships, obviously, anything we do will announce at the time. Clearly, it would be safe to presume that were exploring all types of possibilities to see what makes the more sense and thats one of the reasons for having Alan relocate to Shanghai and be there full time. So were exploring on number of possibilities. Well see what make sense. Well work with the Chinese authorities and the various private and partially stand-on enterprises that that were there. And well sort it all out and were in the process of doing that. But if we have anything specific to announce, well do it at the time. And on the expense side, go ahead David.
David Bernstein: Yeah. On the expense side, Robin, really youre right, we did narrow the range. With every forecast there are always some unexpected things, something positive, something negative. I guess, overall with our forecast that we gave last quarter, the trend is all generally been positive and we were very pleased with that as we raise the guidance. But there were couple of unexpected things on the cost side. We did have a pension expense that we had to take and put into the guidance in 2014. So there was couple of minor additional expenses and thats what narrowed the range up slightly.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Great. Thanks. And maybe just one last question. You talked about in Q3 the strength in closing demand. Would you say that was more closing demand for Europe and China or was actually Caribbean closing showing some improvement too?
Arnold Donald: I would say the closing demand definitely included the Caribbean. Theres no question about that. But also was global, not so much to China on closing demand, because as I mentioned thats a charter type business. But in terms of Europe and the Caribbean in particular, there were stronger closing demand.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nick Thomas with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Nick Thomas - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hello there. Can you just talk a little more on these dry-dock cost and their reversal? Do I take from what youve said so far that you have sort of initial thinking on unit costs in 2016 is that they would actually than be down year-on-year i.e. your strategic initiatives offsetting any inflation again, but then some of these, perhaps not quite all, but some of the 2% of dry-dock costs reversing to bring unit costs down? Those dry-dock costs, can you just talk a little bit about how they interact with CapEx? My understanding was that it was sort of already CapEx for this equipment within the guidance. Just sort of outline what things are capitalized and what things go through as OpEx? And then finally on the revenue side of things looking into next year, it sounds from what youve said on early bookings is that the environment is actually switching around to being stronger beyond North American brands rather than your EAA brands for next year. Can you just clarify whether my read of that is accurate and provide any sort of further color as to what thats predominantly down to Carnival brand recovery or whether its more granule than that? Thank you very much.
Arnold Donald: Okay. So, Ill take some because I heard some of them and Ive to maybe check some. So first of all, in terms of costs being down in 16, it would be premature at this point to give full clarity for 16, because we dont know we are going to learn from what weve done this year. Well learn from what we do in 15. And well make determinations on expenses going into 16, later in 15, in terms of what we may choose to invest in from a driving revenue and driving the business on a sustainable fashion standpoint. So, I have no prediction on the absolute. What I can tell you though is that these costs that are occurring in 15 were related to the dry dock that two thirds of that increase at least will disappear in 16, will not be there. It just wont be necessary, would have made the enhancements and it just wont be necessary than that money. So thats what I can tell you on that part.
David Bernstein: And as far as the dry-dock costs themselves, during the dry dock period, we do both like expense type work as well as capital type work. So if you are installing an EGC on the ships or implementing some capital relating to fuel efficiency technology that might be some capital work. But you also have the actual cost of the dry-dock services, the dry-dock itself, the power, the water for the ship. Youve got to prove that generally stays with the ship that gets expensed and capital because youre not sending a thousand crew home for two weeks. So theres a number of capital as well as expense type items that occur during the dry-dock period. And from a cost perspective, the increase was relating to the P&L cost Im referring to.
Arnold Donald: And then with regards to your question about North America versus Europe, in terms of, is there more strength in North America and Europe or flip-flopping the strength of the markets. I would just say that we have seen the lengthening in the booking curve and higher prices in the first half of the year so far in North America. And while weve seen somewhat latent of the booking curve for the first half of next year in Europe, the prices are comparable pricing, so thats probably what you are reacting to. Having said that, I wouldnt describe that broadly as North America being stronger than Europe or vice versa. Some of it has to do with the comparisons year-to-year and just a mix. So well see how it goes. We are optimistic about both markets going into 2015.
Nick Thomas - Merrill Lynch: And just on that point, my comment in relation to brand within North America. Presumably given that the comps, you would be more optimistic once you are able to breakdown brand individually, would you be more optimistic specifically about the Carnival brand than the rest of the North American brands?
Arnold Donald: I think the North America brands broadly, if you lob it all together, clearly the comps will be somewhat easier weighted average because of the Caribbean situation and the Carnival situation coming off of the last couple of years, so the comps will be [come] (ph). But on the other hand, you have the Costa situation where Costa is still continuing to rebound and has some additional upside. So thats -- havent look that quite that way, that would be a tough call to make off the curve.
Nick Thomas - Merrill Lynch: Sure. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Stuart Gordon with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Stuart Gordon - Berenberg: Hi. Good morning. Couple of questions, please. Could you give us some feel for the fuel efficiency programs that will be in place for next year? And to what extent they may offset the $0.10 increase in fuel that youre expecting of the back of the changing regulation? And secondly, what fuel price you have assumed in assessing that and also on the fourth quarter guidance? Clearly, the onboard spend has been very good and you did point out not assume that every quarter. And putting together your guidance, will you more prudent in terms of thinking more along how you were looking at the third quarter, can you put out your view in the third quarter or with what you actually delivered this quarter? Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. Concerning the 10% eco impact on the higher fuel cost next year and whether some of the fuel saving technologies already in place, are that we would deploy next year doing early season dry-dock will offset that. The reality is that that 10% obviously or $0.10, excuse me, what will be pretty much eliminated going into 16 and will be going by 17, because of the EGC installations that we are doing. So it will go away in that context. But, obviously, we will continue to aggressively pursue not only through the Department of Technologies but also managing deployments and managing the ships on itineraries from a fuel consumption standpoint, as well as all the practices onboard. And so we will continue pursue fuel savings as we have in the past. Is there some upside in that for next year, we will have to see as we manage through, but right now we would just try to give you guys a little color, something you might not have anticipated, which was this increase in dry-dock, so we could aggressively deploy the technologies, so we can have the benefits sooner rather than later for many years to come.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Just to give you some color on the math, given the amount of fuel, 2014 prices a 1% change in the -- in our fuel consumption or the price of fuel would be like $2.06. So we will take a 4% consumption reduction to offset the $0.10 eco that we talked about in 2015. Just and we have been talking about getting a 2% to 3% fuel consumption improvement as we move forward. And as far as the fuel price is concerned, we always use basically the current fuel prices. We locked off late last week when fuel was close to $100 a barrel in terms of Brent and fuel moves around daily and the numbers do change accordingly. As far as onboard for the fourth quarter is concerned, we did raise our onboard revenue guidance for the fourth quarter, in fact we raise both the ticket and the onboard, as I have mentioned in notes. So we were conservative, I am not assuming a repeat of 5.5 percentage point yield increase on onboard in the fourth quarter. I would love to see it repeat itself. But thats not basic forward guidance something considerably lower in the more normalized level is baked in.
Stuart Gordon - Berenberg: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Thanks. And first question is just on your 3% unit costs guidance for next year. Is that inclusive or exclusive of the costs savings that you refer to, I know, you talked about in December, I am just aware that just probably last year you guided a cost about 4% and you ending up just slightly up? And then, the other question is, how worried are you about the industry order book? Clearly, we are back to about prior peak for 07 levels, a lot of new ships coming on, (indiscernible) your competitors, should be brought one about that? Thank you.
David Bernstein: Your second question was a little fuzzy, if you can repeat that Jamie, Id appreciate it.
Arnold Donald: Couldnt quite hear you, Jamie, on your second question, we couldnt hear you.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Sorry about that. How worried are you about the industry order book, the amount of new ships and order, particularly by competitors? I mean, it seems to be back just about prior some of 07 peak levels and most of it not from Carnival? Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. I will take the second one first. In terms of worried. We are not worried. We know the ships are coming as in the forecast we can see them. I think in general that still there is not a huge capacity expansion in the industry. Obviously, we are helping that by being very measured in the net capacity addition that we bring on. But we -- deployment makes the difference, depends whether ships all get deployed in a cluster in a given destination market. But generally speaking, its a big planet and we think that for the ships that we have -- we see coming that the market will be able to absorb and it will continue to be able to deliver results made to deliver. Go ahead David.
David Bernstein: Sure. Just one additional comment on the -- on Arnold was answering, keep in mind that were expecting quite a bit of growth in the emerging markets particularly, Asia and China. So that should be able to profitably absorb a lot of that capacity and the other more established markets will see it more measured capacity increase. As far as the costs are concern, the 3% increase, two-thirds of it was dry dock, another third was some product initiatives and enhancements and that reinvesting in the product. And I indicated that a line of sight at this time we see all the leveraging our scale completely offsetting inflation. So thats our best guess at this point in time but as I indicated in my notes, we are not going to rest. Well keep working if were able to accomplish more that would be great. Well let you know but this is our best guess at this point.
Arnold Donald: And then one last comment, measured capacity growth overall would clearly be very a good thing. We are not counting on what other people do, we can only control ourselves but obviously that would be a good thing.
David Bernstein: And I guess
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
David Bernstein: we are running over, I guess, operator will take one more question at this point.
Operator: Thank you. The last question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies: Thank you. Two questions for you, number one, were you much -- to get much more to fill when you gave guidance back in June than normal because the bake on yields seems very surprising in terms of its magnitude given how far into Q3 when you gave that guidance. And secondly, if you could give us an idea of how much inventory youve sold already for 2015 both for the U.S. and Europe? Thank you.
David Bernstein: Sure. Well, as far as the third quarter is concerned, you really have to break it apart into a number of different pieces because about half of the increase was relating to onboard which we dont have a lot of visibility into in advance. And were very grateful. Everything worked well. All the things were doing seem to pan out in the third quarter and we hope that that continues and we see a positive trend. On the ticket side of things, half of the increase in ticket was relating to occupancy -- higher occupancy than we had expected and the other half was higher prices than we expected. So it was very nice to see forecast that everything go in one particular direction but it was a lot of pieces that came together to create that overall increase and total was $0.11 per share.
Beth Roberts: In terms of the visibility.
David Bernstein: And in terms of the visibility for 2015 is, I think, weve said many times, for the next quarter out we are roughly in generally 85% to 95% booked. When you get into the first quarter of 2015, the second quarter out we are roughly half booked and then as you go out to the second quarter, the quarter booked. So thats how our historical number is in that where were roughly speaking today.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies: Okay. And thats great. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. Thank you all. We really appreciate your interest and Im sure well be talking to some of you in the weeks to come. But thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-06-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Arnold W. Donald - President and CEO David Bernstein - CFO Beth Roberts - VP, IR
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities International Jaime Katz - Morningstar Lena Thakkar - HSBC Bank PLC Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Assia Georgieva  Infiniti Research Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Carnival Corporation's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, June 24, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference over to Arnold Donald, President and CEO of Carnival Corporation LLC. Please go ahead, sir.
Arnold W. Donald: Hello, everyone. This is Arnold Donald, and with me today is David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; Beth Roberts, Vice President of Investor Relations; and Mickey Arison, our Chairman. I'll start with a few comments, and then I'll hand it over to David to review in more depth the quarter results and some looks ahead. So, first of all, it feels like we've turned a bit of a corner. We achieved not only better than expected results for the second quarter, but we also achieved year-over-year earnings growth. And we're working very hard to build on our current momentum. Our progress is a credit to the outstanding efforts of our 120,000 shipboard and shore side team members who strive to create exceptional vacation experiences each and every day for our 10 million plus guests around the globe. We were pleased to see our European brands revenue yields turn positive in the second quarter and particularly encouraged by the favorable pricing trends emerging not only in Europe, but in North America, as well. We're making every effort to maintain pricing integrity, despite aggressive price moves by other cruise lines, even if it means giving up a little more occupancy than we had planned, as was the case, for example, in our summer Caribbean deployment. We believe this strategy can have positive implications next year and particularly, as we have already rebalanced our deployment for 2015. So, next year, we expect flat capacity in Europe and Alaska for our brands and a slight reduction in Caribbean deployment, with a notable double-digit decline in the third quarter. And we hope that will make for a better balance between supply and demand in our more established markets in both North America and in Europe. As we had anticipated, our capacity growth in both Asia and Australia is up mid to high teens next year, albeit off a very small base, as we continue to expand our global footprint. We were the first major cruise company to enter China. In fact, we have home ported in China now for over eight years and we can feel the momentum building. During the quarter, we announced deploying a fourth ship to serve the fast growing China market next year. And in addition, we also announced the transfer of two smaller Holland America ships to support the growth of the P&O Australia brand. And we also made significant progress on a number of strategic initiatives this quarter which we expect will improve our operating performance going forward, beginning with our recent decision to rationalize our brand portfolio by absorbing the smaller Ibero Cruises brand in Spain into the Costa brand by the end of the year. Now that Costa has had a leading presence in Spain for many years and is already well-established there. We believe the Costa brand can serve our Spanish guests, exceeding their cruise vacations expectations while improving efficiency for our company. Now one of Ibero's two ships, the Grand Celebration, will be transferred to the Costa fleet and become the Costa Celebration. The remaining Ibero ship will leave the fleet later this year. This is in keeping with our ongoing strategy to optimize our fleet by selling or disposing of older, less profitable vessels. This brings the total to five ships which we have sold or will leave the fleet in 2014 and 2015, including three smaller seaborne ships and one Costa ship. Both brands have one larger, more efficient ship expected to be delivered by 2016, which will replace that capacity and generate higher returns. Now while these new ships will result in a small net addition of capacity, their real advantage is a tremendous increase in efficiency, including offering higher yielding balcony cabins, more than 20% lower unit costs, and greater than 40% fuel efficiency while at the same time enhancing the guest experience. As you know, optimizing our fleet is an ongoing process and we have a number of ships remaining in the fleet that we expect to replace with newer, larger, more fuel-efficient vessels over time, as we continue to advance our fleet. We remain focused on elevating our customer experience through both new ships entering service like the Regal Princess which was introduced this quarter, as well as the new product initiatives being rolled out across the existing fleet. For example, Carnival Cruise Lines launched the first of its Carnival LIVE Concert Series this past quarter with a number of sold out performances. In fact, just last week Jennifer Hudson performed sold out shows onboard two of our ships in Cozumel. We have received great feedback on the guest experience which should result in even higher guest satisfaction scores and we have sold thousands of tickets to-date for this Concert Series. Given the positive response, we have already begun working on the 2015 program. In March, we also officially launched our Seuss at Sea program on Carnival Splendor, and in May, debut a new Marine-Themed Children's Program Carnival's Camp Ocean onboard Carnival Freedom. Both programs are extremely popular with our family segment. It will be rolled out fleet-wide across the Carnival brand. And these are just a few examples of new product development that will better attract and serve our differing target customer psychographics across our portfolio of leading brands. At the same time, increasing our fuel efficiency fleet-wide continues to be a cornerstone of our strategy to improve returns. We remain on track in our efforts to reduce fuel consumption by 25% in 2014 compared to 2007. Moreover, we have rolled out our leading edged scrubber technology on a dozen more vessels so far this year in order to mitigate the higher cost of fuel under the pending eco requirements. We have made progress on a number of other initiatives to leverage our scale as well. Those are still in early stages, and we expect we will be in a position to share more down the road. These initiatives have been met with strong enthusiasm and a sense of renewed energy by our teams around the world. However, they will take some time and, of course, a lot of effort to fully implement. On the revenue side, our brand segmentation study is well underway. And we are conducting conversations with thousands of consumers, both cruisers and non-cruisers. And we have reviewed 30 million guest records to understand what our guests love about our brand and what we can do to increase loyalty across our portfolio. We believe it to be the largest ever quantitative market research study of the cruise and leisure market. At the same time, we are conducting a global review of our revenue management systems, processes and strategies. We have commissioned a team of leading revenue management experts who have already begun visiting our major brands to identify best practices and new opportunities to improve our revenue management tools and stochastic modeling. We believe these are opportunities that will allow us to capture higher yields. On the cost side, our group travel sourcing initiative is well underway. We recently issued a global RFP to the broad network of airlines we use around the world. We are among the largest air travel buyers in the world and have historically taken a regional view for these relationships. Now, we will take a global view. Although, its premature to quantify the impact, we expect to begin to see the benefits as early as next year. And we will communicate to you as we achieve the major milestones. We are also in the process of issuing RFPs for global sourcing of our largest food products in regions of common deployment and that is beyond the major regions where we are already leveraging our size. We are now focused on capitalizing on our scale in Australia and parts of Europe. As I indicated in the press release, I believe we are experiencing an inflection point for our company. I am excited about the future and we are fully committed to moving forward at an aggressive pace as we simultaneously execute a number of initiatives to improve return on invested capital over time. I would now like to turn it over to David Bernstein for some comments. And after his, we will take Q&A. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this conference call will be forward-looking. I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currency as this is a much more meaningful measure of our business trends. I will start today with a summary of our second quarter results and then get into more detail on, first, our overall positive booking status; second, our yield expectations for the remainder of the year; and third, our booking patterns by program or deployment for each of our two major business segments, the North American Brands and the European, Australia, and Asia Brands, known as our EAA Brands. I will then finish up with an update on our improved full year 2014 June guidance. Our non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $80 million. I'm pleased to report that our second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.10 above the midpoint of our March guidance and that was driven mainly by two things. First, better than expected net revenue yields at most of our brands worth $0.04 which was split between net ticket and net onboard and other yields. And second, lower than expected net cruise cost without fuel which was also worth $0.04 and that was due to lower than expected occupancy as well as the timing of certain expenses between the quarters. Now, let's turn the second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 5%. The North American brands were up 8%, while the EAA brands were flat. Our total net revenue yields in the second quarter declined just over 2%. So, let's break apart the two components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields declined almost 4% and that was driven by our North American brands which were down over 7% as anticipated in our March guidance. This was due to the promotional pricing environment in the Caribbean resulting from the large increase in industry capacity. However, our EAA brands were up over 2% and that was driven by better than expected improvement in our Continental European brands. Net onboard and other yields increased over 2% despite the lower occupancy with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. Net cruise costs per available lower berth days, excluding fuel, was up just over 1% and that was driven by higher advertising spend as we invested to accelerate the recovery of ticket prices and higher dry dock costs. As result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel consumption, I am happy to report that our consumption per ALBD declined 6% this quarter and saved us $0.04 versus the prior year. In summary, our second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.03 higher than the prior year. It was driven by improved fuel consumption, lower fuel prices and favorable exchange rates, all of which was partially offset by lower net revenue yields and slightly higher net cruise cost without fuel. Now, looking at the fine print for our recent booking trends and yield expectations for the remainder of 2014. We are excited that during the second quarter our overall booking curve continued to lengthen, a trend which began during the first quarter and was highlighted on our last conference call. We are pleased with the overall new direction and anticipate that this trend will continue. At this point cumulative fleet-wide booking for the remainder of the year are slightly ahead at higher prices. However, the pattern is different for each of the two major business segments. Our EAA brands are significantly ahead on occupancy with flat prices which bodes well for pricing on the remaining inventory. The North American brands are ahead on price, but are still behind on occupancy as a result of the large increase in industry capacity in the Caribbean. Given these booking trends, we expect yields for the third quarter to be flat to down slightly compared to the prior year. Our EAA brand yields, which turned positive in the second quarter compared to the prior year, are doing well and are forecasted to be positive for the remainder of the year. However, we dont expect our North American brands yields to turn positive compared to the prior year until fourth quarter. As we discussed on the prior calls, for the better part of the last year, Carnival Cruise Lines has been following a new revenue management tactic, holding price and giving up a few percentage points of occupancy. While we mentioned this before that it has benefited us over the last few quarters, it's still a technique that we are analyzing. In the interim, Carnival has continued with this approach and as a result, we are forecasting slightly lower occupancies for the third quarter. Remember that yield is a combination of price and occupancy. It's the lower occupancy that's causing our yields to be lower for our North American brands and the company in the third quarter. However, ticket prices are forecasted to be higher, which is an encouraging sign. For the full year, we're expecting net revenue yields to be down slightly, which is essentially the same as our March guidance. We exceeded our second quarter yield guidance and did roll the $0.04 benefit into the year. However, $0.04 is only a quarter of a percentage point for the full year. Overall, the back half of the year, our forecast has not changed, with a slight improvement in the fourth quarter offsetting the lower occupancy in the third quarter. While our net revenue yield guidance has a number of moving parts, I'm pleased to say that the overall general direction is slightly positive towards higher yields. Now, looking at the booking patterns by program or deployment for each of the two major business segments for the remainder of the year. First, for our North American brand, I'll walk you through the Caribbean, Alaska, and their seasonal European program. The Caribbean is behind on occupancy, but ahead on price and represents almost 44% of the remainder of the year for the North American brand. Booking volumes during the last quarter have been good. They've been higher than the prior year, albeit at promotional rates. Alaska is nicely ahead on both price and occupancy, which bodes well for the remaining inventory. The seasonal European program for our North American brands is strong and we're well ahead on both price and occupancy. For our EAA brands, the year-round European program, which represents almost 80% of the EAA brands' capacity for the remainder of the year, is significantly ahead on occupancy, with flat pricing. Recent booking volumes are meeting expectations at nicely higher prices. Switching to costs. Our full year cost guidance has improved slightly from our March guidance, as we now expect net cruise costs, excluding fuel, for ALBD to be flat to up slightly. The improvement comes from lower occupancy and greater collaboration amongst our brands. We feel good about the small wins to-date and the greater collaboration bears fruit, and we look forward to bigger wins. Of course, the bigger wins generally take more time to realize. Putting all these factors together, our 2014 non-GAAP EPS guidance is $1.60 to $1.75 per share with a midpoint that is higher than our previous guidance. Essentially, we've flowed through the better than expected second quarter revenue yields worth $0.04, the improved cost guidance worth $0.06, and improved fuel consumption and other items worth $0.04, all of which was partially offset by higher fuel prices and unfavorable currency movements worth $0.06. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you, David. And we'll open up, Melody, to Q&A, please? Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Robin Farley - UBS: Great. Thanks. I wanted to ask about Q3, because you had such a strong result in Q2 versus your expectations. And I think the general expectation had been that your yields would start to be positive in Q3, even with the weak Caribbean, since Caribbean's only, I think, about 27% of your capacity in Q3. And given the strength in Europe and Alaska, maybe it's surprising that the 73% or the rest of the fleet isn't enough to get Q3 into positive territory. So, I wonder if you could give us a little bit more color on what the degree, if Europe is up double-digits that is kind of implying very large double-digit declines in Q3 in the Caribbean, on top of what had already been a tough Caribbean season last year for you. So, I wonder if you could give a little more color around that.
David Bernstein: Sure. Well, to start with, we had indicated that we thought our yields would be slightly positive in the third quarter last time. So, all we're talking about is a very small movement from a tad positive to slightly negative at this point. And it was just -- there was a more promotional environment in the Caribbean than we had anticipated. And as a result, Carnival Cruise Lines decided to hold price and give up the occupancy and it's the lower occupancy that's driving the yield down. As I indicated in my notes, the ticket prices are moving in a positive direction overall. So, we were very pleased with that, but it's the lower occupancy. And it's a couple of points of occupancy overall that we're expecting lower from this year -- from last year to this year, which is driving the price down - the yield down, sorry.
Robin Farley - UBS: Is it fair to say that European yields are up double-digit in Q3 and Alaska up at least high single-digit? Just to try to get a sense of the huge variance here versus the Caribbean.
David Bernstein: Yeah. We didn't indicate that Europe was up double-digits. What we had indicated was that bookings and pricing are well ahead and very strong and Europe was doing very well for our North American brand. Alaska, the same thing and that the EAA brands were moving in a positive direction and we were expecting single-digit increases in all the categories.
Robin Farley - UBS: And then I guess just lastly in Q4, which you're expecting to be positive now, but just thinking about some of the same issues continuing into Q4 and since there's a slightly higher concentration of Caribbean in Q4 versus Q3, I guess just trying to get a sense of your conviction level. There's probably some late fall Caribbean that is still unbooked. And how do you get comfortable that Q4 will absolutely bring the full year -- to your full year guidance really all being carried by Q4?
David Bernstein: I think what we do is try to give our best guess of where we're today given the booking trends, given what we're seeing on the books. One of the big differences between Q3 and Q4 is that the increase in the Caribbean as an industry is significantly less. I think it's up 13% in Q4 versus like 22% in Q3. So, we're expecting to see a better Caribbean overall environment in Q4 than we saw in Q3 on a comparative basis. And therefore, we're anticipating that yields will be up slightly in Q4 as part of our overall guidance. So, we feel good. It's looking at what we have on the books and what we have remaining to sell that gives us the confidence that the yields will turn positive in Q4.
Beth Roberts: And as a company, our capacity growth in the fourth quarter is only 5%, 6% in the Caribbean, which is a much lower hurdle for us as an entity versus the 19% we absorbed in the third quarter.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Arnold, could you talk a little bit about the air expense reduction? How big of an opportunity is that? At one point, I thought it was measured in the hundreds of millions of dollars and I'm just wondering why that -- what's the delay or what could accelerate that? And then just to Robin's question, because it doesn't really make a whole lot of sense, the guidance for Q3. Is something happening on last minute bookings? Are last minute bookings coming in a lot better than expected? And is that Europe or North America that maybe is doing that?
Arnold W. Donald: Okay. First of all, on the air question, overall between the air and port combination team that we've put together, they're dealing with about $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion of annual costs. The air component of that is split between crew and passengers, charters for passengers in Europe, et cetera. But there is an opportunity there, for certain. We've issued the RFP. We are going to be in negotiations with a number of airlines. And so we are not throwing any numbers around for obvious reasons. But the reality is there will be an opportunity there for certain to capture some value by leveraging our scale. And we fully expect to begin to see the benefit of that next year. With regard to our comment about hundreds of millions of dollars, I wouldnt anticipate being able to sell 50% or 30% of the cost or anything like that, which would result in your hundreds of millions of dollars on other basis. But we certainly have an opportunity to save substantial dollars that can contribute to the bottom-line. And of course, we have the initiatives across number of other areas as well with regards to provisions and technical stores, et cetera. Your second question again
David Bernstein: Sure.
Arnold W. Donald: Go ahead, yeah.
David Bernstein : Yeah. As far as the last minute bookings and what's happening, in the first quarter what we had indicated was that the last minute bookings on Carnival Cruise Lines and -- in the Caribbean were better than anticipated. And remember, the first quarter Caribbean capacity was only up a couple of percentage points. It was the second, third and fourth quarter that were up significantly on a year-over-year basis. In the second quarter, as I indicated in my notes, as far as the ticket revenue was concerned, it was the EAA brands, particularly the Continental European brands that performed a little bit better than we had expected. Of course, the overall increase in yields year-over-year had to do with -- some of it was ticket and some of it was onboard and other yields as well. Some of the programs on onboard, particularly our casino program and our casino partnerships are bearing fruit and the onboard revenue did well in the second quarter. And we didnt change the onboard revenue for the remainder of the year despite the lower occupancy, because of some of the improvements that we are seeing.
Arnold W. Donald: What I can tell you in regards of the guidance question has come up a couple of times in different ways. Obviously, we have confidence in the guidance we provided. We anticipated a number of the things that have occurred already this year. We feel we have reasonable line of sight barring unforeseen mega macro issues that we have confidence in the guidance that we provided for the year. Go ahead
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. No, I was just going to say it's -- given what you seeing so far and given what you've seen in Q1, Q2, that better than expected results are -- better than expected bookings are coming in. David, you said that it was Europe in Q2 and given what Robin and I are both seeing, which is that you have a lot of capacity in Europe this -- for Q3. It's surprising that that won't carry over into Q3.
David Bernstein: I understand what you are saying. I mean, its a mix of a number of different things and factors. Just as an example, one of the things we talked about on the last conference call were the expectations for Japan, which had an impact on the third quarter as well. So, there are a lot of factors that are coming together including the lower occupancy in the Caribbean, Japan and other things, which is yielding our net guidance.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning. Thank you. So, David, the promotional environment in the Caribbean thats been persistent and weve all known about it. Is it worse than what you saw it would be when you last reported your quarter?
David Bernstein: I think it's fair to say the fact that the guidance for the third quarter, it's fair to say that -- as I indicated before, a little bit worse than we had anticipated. But there are other positives that are more than offsetting that and thats why the net trend is positive. We're never going to get everything perfectly correct. There is always some pluses and minuses.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Right, thats fair. So, it's also fair to say, you reported the ticket prices in the North American yields were down 7% in the second quarter, it's fair to say that will be worse in the third quarter? Correct?
Arnold W. Donald: No.
David Bernstein: No.
Arnold W. Donald: No, not at all. You have different comparisons, right? So, first of all, the first half of last year was booked prior to the voyage disruption that caused a number of issues for us and in the industry in general. So, you've got a different comparison half-to-half. So, we are not saying we're going to be down 7% in the third quarter, or anything like that, David?
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. So you're still going to see sequential -- so you're going to see -- could you say you're going to see sequential improvement in yields generally? You will see sequential improvement in the Caribbean as well, I guess, thats where I'm trying to get to.
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, and for the North American brands had it not been for the change in capacity, as I said, the ticket prices were up than we've would have gotten -- a change in occupancy we would have gotten higher yields. So its the lower occupancy thats driving it.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thats fair.
Beth Roberts: I just want to say the -- we are seeing a recovery from the down over Q in the second quarter to the flat to slightly down in the third quarter. So things are improving.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: I'm just trying to separate out the Caribbean, but I get it, you were clear. Let's move on to cost for a second. Arnold, regarding your initiatives, you've been pretty consistent to say that a more detailed discussion of this is going to take some time and you reiterated that again today. Just wondering, you've kind of -- you've been in for a year and you've been examining these costs. Just wonder if you can give us some sense of when you might be ready to discuss that. And then also will the cost initiatives be incremental to your cost base or will they be used to reinvest in the business and offset inflation. How should we think about those?
Arnold W. Donald: Good. First of all, it hasnt been a year yet, I have all the way to, I think, July 3rd for that.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. Rounding -- I'm rounding, I'm sorry.
Arnold W. Donald: Okay. With regards to the costs, we have a number of initiatives as I mentioned on the way. In the end we want to deliver the results and so the best way to do that, at times we have lot of things to manage, including the negotiations with outside parties, and so we are not too anxious to float numbers around for obvious reasons, because they can obviously influence the discussion. We could glob a bunch of numbers together across various initiatives and whatever, but I'd rather led the troops, as I mentioned to you before, bottom it up and as I mentioned before they often come through much more aggressively than if we just mandated arbitrary targets. So, it's going well. We are beginning to experience everyday just through the ongoing behavior of collaboration and coordination, communication across the brands. We began to see benefits in cost areas as well as in revenue generating areas and sharing our best practices. And we're beginning to see results and we feel good about our quarter and we feel good about the year. We feel very good about looking ahead to the future and realizing those. So we will reveal along the way. Once we've completed the RFPs and have done a good deal, we'll probably share the level of cost improvements that we've been able to achieve. But that would be more likely the process in some of these areas. With regard to -- what was your second question?
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Well, just as we anticipate this -- I mean, should we think about these initiatives as being incremental to your cost base. In other words improving it or are they basically going to be kind of used to reinvest in the business and offset inflation? 
Arnold W. Donald: Yeah. It's going to be a combination. We have our annual strategy reviews in August and September. The brands will come in with their plans and request for investments and what have you. Where we see line of slight on an investment producing higher returns and we're not -- obviously we'll make that investment. And where we dont, we probably won't. And so, some of the savings, I'm sure will go to smart investments that are more powerful bottom-line and some of it will directly go to the bottom-line.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities International: Good morning. Let's just look ahead to global capacity shifts in 2015. I think you made a brief comment about your expectations for Europe and the Caribbean. Could you just review those again with respect or maybe keeping in mind the 4% to 5% increase in fleet capacity overall. What are your expectations not only for what you expect but also what you expect in capacity growth in the Caribbean and Europe next year?
Arnold W. Donald: I think everybody wants to answer that. Dave you want to answer, go ahead.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Overall, our capacity for the year is up little over 2%. And as Arnold said, we're looking at relatively flat capacity in Europe year-over-year, flat in Alaska. On a full year basis, we are looking at the Caribbean being down slightly. But there is a couple of big things there, particularly in the third quarter. I think Arnold mentioned double-digit decline in the Caribbean. So that should bode well for pricing. And the other thing is that as we have indicated before within the Caribbean the biggest promotional activity has been in the South Florida market and we are also making some changes in the overall deployments around the Caribbean. So while it's going down, its also being redeployed and changing as well.  And we had talked about the double-digit increases in both Asia and Australia and New Zealand. So that's where we are investing overall and that's where the overall increasing capacity is going. 
Arnold W. Donald: And we see some capacity reduction in the industry as well -- in the rest of industry in the third quarter next year in the Caribbean, for example. And [overall] [ph] for the year some reduction by the rest of the industry. So that should help things - the added time and investment in marketing and all those people that are sailing this year having great experiences onboard and already thinking about booking next year. So, you know, all of that should bode for a better environment in the Caribbean next year than we experienced.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities International: Okay. So as a follow-up, industry-wide there should be a lift of roughly eight to 10 ships next year. Where do you think they're going? And how are you positioning yourself in those markets against those other new ships coming?
Beth Roberts: The industry growth for 2015 we do have the North American brands pretty flat. Our European -- the industry has an increase in European brands of roughly 6%. And the Asia-Pacific region is really carrying the most growth at 16% for the industry that is off a very small base.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities International: Okay. Let me just quickly touch on one last question. When we think about the Carnival brand, how has that been rebounding relative to your expectations particularly in the Caribbean over the last three to four, five months? And can you give us an update on where the Carnival pricing has rebounded to versus where it was?
Arnold W. Donald: With regards to the brand image, it has rebounded very well. And it continues to muster great brand image strength, driven in no small part due to the fact that we had a lot of people sailing on Carnival. And they are thrilled with the experience. So both from a broader consumer perspective, but certainly amongst those that are cruising, the Carnival brand image recovery has been partly very strong. And kudos and hats off to our employees and their brand leadership of that brand, for all the initiatives they undertook to help make that happen. With regard to the second part of your question, David?
David Bernstein: Yeah, we don't give detailed by brand and ticket yields and pricing for each of our individual brands. But it's fair to say that overall the rebound has not been what we had hoped because of the promotional pricing environment in the Caribbean for Carnival and occupancy as well. We're holding price and giving up the occupancy. And that's worked very well for us over the last year. We will keep analyzing that and see where we go. But hopefully next year, with the redeployment in the Caribbean and the lower capacity, we do hope to be able to fill the ships and to bear those fruits and get the yields up.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities International: That's great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. First, I am curious if you guys are willing to comment on where your best opportunity is on the cost side or not necessarily putting a dollar amount with it, but obviously, the costs have been pretty well controlled in the recent years. So where are your best opportunities to continue on that path?  And second, how do we think about the Asia-Pacific market potential longer term, and the cadence of moving ships into that territory without over penetrating it too quickly? Thanks.
Arnold W. Donald: Yeah, thank you Jaime for your questions. With regards to the cost side, first of all, we do have opportunities everywhere. We do. If you try to force rank them you would have to come up with categorizations. So if you take some broad categories like air and port, and provisions, food, hotel services, different things, they are very large buckets. And the teams are resolving exactly what their targets are. Right now, I would say that there is considerable opportunity across all of them. And cumulatively 1% improvement non-fuel, non-payroll. So even payroll out of it, leaving fuel cost out of it, 1% cost improvement yields $60 million to us, okay. And so we are mining every aspect, because just a few percentage points can give us significant positive impact. And I would like to leave it at that for now. But I want you to know we have a focus on it and where it emanates from is just coordination and communication and then single sourcing in some instances are limited sourcing, multi sourcing, you know, across the brands and just leveraging the scale that we have. The brands individually have done good jobs at managing their costs. Some of the brands have done outstanding jobs. And we want to mine those best practices, deploy them across the fleet and across the brands. And then leverage the scale we have and negotiations and take advantage of that. And doing that, as I mentioned, 1% improvement is worth $60 million to us. So that would be how I would answer that question.
David Bernstein: As far as the Asia-Pacific region and the growth in the long-term, I mean, the market has tremendous potential. When you look particularly at China which is the largest market and you look at the areas in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangdong province, you are talking about over 130 million people, probably double the size of the U.K., so there is a lot of opportunity there. We have been growing the market slowly, taking it one ship at a time making the decisions as we go along. And China and Asia are doing very well for us. And we are looking forward as a great growth opportunity for us over the next few years.
Arnold W. Donald: There is always the risk of timing, if everybody floods the market at once, and so on and so forth. But right now what we are able to see looking ahead, we continue to see China as very promising. Australia is definitely a hot market and people want to send their ships there. And if you are going to be in China, you're not going to be there all year long, you are probably going to spend some time in Australia with the ships and so on.  And so all of that will add some complexity, but we feel very well positioned in those markets. We feel that the growth that we have staged and what we see coming from the industry, on balance, nets positive in the short term and very positive in the long-term.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lena Thakkar with HSBC. Please proceed with your question.
Lena Thakkar  HSBC PLC: Thanks, a couple of questions. Firstly, I know you dont sort of discuss performance by brand. But I think you have made an exception for Costa in the past. Can you help us to understand how much of the 15% yield loss you are sort of planning to recover this year and therefore how the European pricing is weighted towards that Costa recovery? And then just secondly, more generally, on the sort of occupancy and price dynamic, you have clearly changed the way you think about that. And I am just wondering if that's a more longer term dynamic whether you will continue to sort of give up occupancy in various markets where it make sense. And just on that, does it mean we should think about a different EPS sensitivity to yield change given the mix of occupancy in price.
Arnold W. Donald: Okay. So, on the latter part of your question, we have focused on a couple of markets on trying to ensure some price integrity, okay? We continue to pursue that, and we will as long as we see net benefit. If ultimately we don't see net benefit, we would discontinue that, okay. And each market is its own market, its own source of guests and how they buy and shop, and how they think. And we really have to be careful, one-size-fits-all, even one-size-fits-all-times even. And so we're going to be very disciplined and very analytical in our approaches. So, we do, in fact, optimize, because as I mentioned many times to you all, the reality is we fill 78 million plus passenger cruise days a year and $1 more per day is worth $78 million to us. So, the details matter and the discipline and the fine tuning matters. So, I wouldn't want the team to be operating on a one broad swoop anything, because that's not going to optimize the return for us and accelerate our path to return on invested capital. So, there is no grand single scheme plan. So, I want to make that really clear. The second thing with regards to that is if you look at Europe in particular, the booking patterns have improved. So, people are booking further ahead than they did the prior year. Occupancy is up, yields are up, so that's all very positive stuff. We expect to see similar trends, in due course, on a consistent basis in North America, as well. I don't know if David had any additional comments he wanted to make, or Beth, but go right ahead.
David Bernstein: Yeah, I guess, Costa was down 16% as a result of the incident. And we had given out some information on the brand because of the circumstance. Last year in 2013, we had indicated they rebounded four points. It was less than we had hoped, because they were facing economic headwinds. This year, Costa does continue to improve, its a few points higher than the prior year. So, it keeps going in the positive direction. But as you had indicated, we're trying to stay away from giving brand-by-brand improvement -- or brand-to-brand changes.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC Bank PLC: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up, Arnold, you talked about the net benefit of the pricing and occupancy dynamic. Are you thinking net benefit for just this year, i.e., the short-term or the future benefits of holding that price and how that may help to perhaps derive a bit more pricing power?
Arnold W. Donald: Yeah, absolutely, we're thinking over time and monitoring carefully and tracking carefully to see if we're having the desired effect. So, it's not just in the moment. We're thinking longer term, no question about that.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC Bank PLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you. Let's return to the Caribbean and the Carnival brand in particular. Again, in the third quarter, you said that you've given up a little bit more occupancy to hold price. As we look to fourth and first quarter, going forward and granted you've got more capacity in the Caribbean seasonally, but year-over-year, the capacity growth is slowing for yourselves and the industry. Do you see -- have we reached the inflection point in the Caribbean to where potentially that occupancy can improve along with price or hold price and occupancy can improve in the fourth and first quarters at this point?
Arnold W. Donald: Go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: You know what given what we're seeing in the overall booking trend, and the pricing and everything else, I do believe that we can see yield improvement overall in the Caribbean. And the Caribbean does vary by quarter significantly. We see the third quarter -- as we said, we gave up price and occupancy for the CCL brand. We gave -- I'm sorry -- we gave up occupancy and held price. And in the fourth quarter, I mean the brand still expects to hold price. And overall, we do anticipate an improvement for the fourth quarter.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. So, maybe we're seeing this inflection here in the third then moving to the fourth, is that fair to say then?
Arnold W. Donald: Yeah, that's fair to say.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, okay. And then gentlemen, you had given some color regarding onboard deals, how those were improving nicely both in the North American brands and in the EAA brands. In -- please correct me if I'm wrong, did I hear that the Europe, if you just sort of looked at it year-over-year in the second quarter had improved a little bit more than North America or was that fairly balanced and then the expectations for the remainder of the year?
David Bernstein: What I said was the EAA brands improved a little bit more than we had expected in the second quarter. That was all what we had guided to and thats what drove the increase from our guidance.  I had indicated that North American brands were down in the second quarter.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, okay.
Arnold W. Donald: The other comment -- I know you guys are focused pretty heavily on the Caribbean I can understand it. But the bottom-line is in the fourth quarter the capacity changes for the industry year-to-year in the fourth quarter are nothing were near as dramatic as they were in the third quarter in the Caribbean.  And beyond that, we just believe a number of other things we implemented, whether its marketing initiatives, the pricing philosophy whatever, we are seeing strength. We have to play it all the way out to see where we end up. But right now we definitely see improvement in the fourth quarter which gives us the confidence to give the guidance we have and increase the guidance from where we were.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And just one last thing on the onboard, David, is it being driven by the changes predominantly on the casino or are you seeing that in other areas of onboard also.
David Bernstein: We are seeing some -- positive things in a number of other areas. I guess, I'd mentioned the casino only because it was the largest positive of all of the variety of items. 
Arnold W. Donald: And because David has responsibility for casino now.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Okay, thank you gentlemen.
Arnold W. Donald: Very good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Assia Georgieva with Infiniti Research. Please proceed with your question.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Good morning guys. This is Assia. Beth was very helpful in providing the Caribbean capacity distribution up 19% in Q3, up only 5% to 6% in Q4. Could you give us capacity for the corporate entity?
David Bernstein: Well, capacity by
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Meaning all destinations by quarter.
David Bernstein: Assia, why dont you call Beth after the call? There is a long list of details and she'll be happy to go through it with you. 
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Okay, great. Thank you for that. And secondly, with Europe being so strong, I think none of us expected it to be that good this year before wave season started. Do you see indications for 2015 or is it still too early?
David Bernstein: It's very early for 2015 overall. I mean, we will give you some indications in December when we talk about our guidance for next year. But, overall, remember we had been facing some economic headwinds particularly in Europe and so it is somewhat improving environment. And so hopefully that does help us positively in 2015.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Okay. Thank you, David. And one last quick question. I should understand that you expect Q4 yields to be slightly up, correct?
David Bernstein: Thats correct.
Arnold W. Donald: Thats correct.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall with John W. Bristol. Please proceed with your question.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co.: Yeah. I have two questions. First, have you commented on what the cost savings are from folding the Ibero brand into Costa and are there any other broader opportunities in the brand overhead structure?
Arnold W. Donald: First of all let me answer the latter part of the question -- thank you Rick for the question. In terms of other opportunities, if the question is, do we plan to roll in the other brands up? Absolutely, not at this point in time. So we have really leading brands. Even the Ibero decision took some time, but Costa is so strong in Spain and the opportunity was there to minimize marketing cost and other related cost to maintain a separate brands. So given that, and it was a small brand, we thought it was the right thing to do. But, if you go beyond that brand in terms of thinking about rolling up in the other brands that is not on the table right now at all. So I want to make that really clear. 
David Bernstein: And, Rick, keep in mind that Ibero was a highly integrated brand within Costa, and it was only two ships, so very tiny brand. And so as a result, there will be some cost savings. But you might be talking a penny or two. I mean, we are not talking about big dollars here. 
Arnold W. Donald: We will take one or two more questions, Melody.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co.: Okay. I had a follow-up on your profitability in China. Can you comment on where the relative profitability of China is versus other brands or other geographies?
David Bernstein: Yeah, we have said before that overall, the yields in China was slightly less than the corporate average. And, you know, the thing that really drives that is somewhat on the onboard, while the gambling is great the Chinese dont seem to drink very much, so there are differences and thats what makes the yields slightly lower than the overall corporate average at this point.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Arnold W. Donald: Okay. One or two more
Operator: Mr. Arnold?
Arnold W. Donald: Yes.
Operator: I apologize. We have no further questions at this time. So, I will turn it back over to you.
Arnold W. Donald: Well, thank you everyone. We appreciate your interest and your time. Again, we feel good looking forward. And we look forward to giving you guys updates along the way. Thank you very much everyone and thank you Melody.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-03-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Carnival Corporations First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, well conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, March 25, 2014. I now have the pleasure to turn the conference over to Arnold Donald. Please go ahead.
Arnold Donald: Hi. Good morning, everyone. This is Arnold, and with me today is Micky Arison, our Chairman; David Bernstein, our CFO; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us. Ill have a brief prepared statement to share and then, David, will follow me with some comments and then, Ill be back on to start question-and-answer session. So, first of all, Im very pleased to be able to share the better than expected performance in the first quarter and I find it affirming and consistent with the guidance that we have given for a year. We have demonstrated progress in areas of challenge for our Carnival and our Costa brands and is very gratifying to see the initiatives that the Carnival brand has implemented begun to payoff. In fact, brand perception is most of the way back, consideration among brand loyalist have previously recovered and now the new to cruise is back, and we are working to complete perception recovery among switchers. Interest is up dramatically and our Carnival brand is evidence by strong web activity and of course, by previously announced record booking volumes in the quarter at Carnival Cruise Lines. Going forward, we are cautiously optimistic, we will see pricing continue to firm and improve. We are confident in our Carnival brand team and have been impressed with the measures taken in marketing and distribution in overall innovation. Our product continues to get even better and what is truly, the best vacation value at sea for that targeted guest segment is now even better. Costa also continues on this role to financial improvement. Costa achieved strong booking volumes during wave season and in fact, we were almost up 50% year-over-year. We have seen a continued improvement in perception within almost doubling of trust and confidence in the core Italian market. We are very pleased with the recovery and yields achieved in Costas core European deployment in the first quarter, as well as improved profitability through collaboration across the Continental European brands. Across the Corporation, attractive pricing for our guests during wave season has driven the desired result. Our North American brands have caught up on occupancy compared to prior year, while European brands have pushed out the booking curve tracking ahead on occupancy. These trends build confidence that we are tracking to turn the corner beginning in the second half of 2014. We remain focused on increasing demand on all fronts, increasing advocacy by delivering an even better customer experience, stepping up our public relations effort by raising our profile and relationship building with the media, taking advantage of social media where much of the conversation takes place today and cultivating guests into proactive advocates. We have increased our investment in advertising and expect to spend over $600 million in 2014, thats a 20% increase over 2012, and we have launched new marketing campaigns in multiple regions. For example, in North America, the Carnival brand was the national cruise line for Sochi Winter Olympics with a new creative targeting the family segment, while Princess lines launched its first television campaign in 10 years. In addition, both Costa in Europe and P&O in the U.K. launched new advertising campaigns. This increased investment and broad-based media buys supporting our efforts to attract the new to cruise, where we have the greatest opportunity to create additional demand. We remain committed to leveraging our scale and we are making meaningful progress toward that end. We held a leadership forum among our top 70 employees globally and in earnest are beginning to align around common objectives to accelerate us down the path of continuous financial improvement. Our global team is truly energized to achieve that success. We have identified opportunity areas to leverage our scale both from a cost efficiency standpoint as well as a revenue generating standpoint. Among our $6 billion of non-fuel, non-people costs, we are prioritizing areas where we believe we will find opportunity. Crew travel and ports are two examples of large areas where we are conducting deeper dives. We are still at early stage in sizing the opportunities in these and other categories, and as we look across further brand collaboration, across brand collaboration on travel costs, for example, primarily for our 90,000 global crew members, as well as port costs for our more than 10 million guests and 100 plus ships. We are encouraged with the progress we're making, but we obviously still have a lot of work to do. We are very excited about the road ahead. We are away from realizing our full true potential, but I'm very confident that we will get there over time. And now, I would like to turn it over to David Bernstein for a few comments. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this conference call will be forward-looking. I must refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currency as this is a much more meaningful measure of our business trends. I will start today with a summary of our first quarter results and then get into some more detail on the overall positive booking trends during the current wave season, as well as the booking patterns by deployment for each of our two segments, the North American brands and the European, Australia, and Asia brands, known as our EAA brands. I will finish up with an update on our full-year 2014 March guidance. Our non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $2 million. Im pleased to report that our first quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.09 above the midpoint of our December guidance and this was driven by better than expected net revenue yields at Carnival Cruise Lines and our Continental European brands worth $0.05, as well as lower than expected net cruise costs without fuel worth $0.04. Now turning to our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 1.7%. Our total net revenue yields declined just over 2%. Let's look at the two components of total net revenue yields, net ticket yields and net onboard and other. First, net ticket yields, which declined 3%, with decreases on both sides of the Atlantic. Our North American brands were down 3.5% and that was driven by promotional pricing at Carnival Cruise Lines, although I'm very glad to say that the pricing environment for last minute first quarter bookings was clearly better than we had expected. Our EAA brands were down 2.5% with increases at Costa resulting from the continuing brand recovery, which were more than offset by declines in our other major European brands. Net onboard and other yields increased 1%. Our EAA brand performed very well and were up over 4%, but this was tempered by slightly down yields at our North American brands, driven in part by lower occupancy at Carnival Cruise Lines. Net cruise costs per available lower berth day excluding fuel was up 3.5% and that was driven by higher advertising spend as we invested to accelerate the recovery in ticket yields. The increase was less than we had expected in our December guidance and that was due to the timing of advertising and certain other expenses between the quarters In summary, the first quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.08 lower than the prior year, and that was driven by lower net revenue yields, higher net cruise costs without fuel, which was partially offset by improved fuel consumption and slightly lower fuel prices. Turning to our recent booking trends and yield expectations for the remainder of 2014. As we indicated in the press release, fleet-wide booking volumes during this year's wave season have been running almost 20% ahead of the prior year, significantly outpacing capacity albeit at lower prices. This pattern is the same for both our North American and EAA brand in all three quarters. It's nice to see that some of the largest booking volume increases were at Carnival Cruise Lines and Costa, as these brands continued their recovery. As Arnold indicated, cumulative booking -- fleetwide bookings are ahead and they are at lower prices. This is the first time in a number of years we have indicated that cumulative bookings for the next three quarters were ahead of the prior year as our overall booking curve has started to lengthen. While we are pleased with the new direction and we expect it to continue, were currently still towards the lower end of our historical booking curve. Despite these booking trends, we continue to expect yields for the second quarter of 2014 to be down 3% to 4%. While our EAA brands are forecasted term positive, our North American brands are impacted by the more challenging comps in the second quarter of 2013 as the majority of those bookings were taken prior to the voyage disruptions that occurred in February of last year. For the second half of 2014, with better cumulative booking status and ramped-up marketing efforts in the first half of the year which should benefit us in the second half, we are expecting positive yields for both our North American brands and our EAA brands. For the full year, we are expecting net revenue yields to be down slightly, which is the same as our December guidance. While we exceeded our first quarter yield guidance mainly due to better-than-expected last minute Caribbean bookings at Carnival Cruise Lines, our expectations for the Caribbean for the balance of the year remains unchanged. We are being prudent with our full-year expectation given the large cruise industry capacity increase in the Caribbean, as well as the slower than expected demand growth in Japan. As you know, Princess successfully ended the Japan homeporting market in 2013 with one ship for three months. For 2014, Princess increased its capacity in Japan to two ships for about six months each. While demand in Japan has grown considerably, it has been somewhat less than anticipated. While we are experiencing some growing pains in Japan, we are still very bullish on the long-term prospects for this market. Today, Princess Japan homeporting represents only about 1% of our annual capacity. Looking at booking patterns by deployment for each of our two segments, first for our North American brands. I will walk you through the Caribbean, Alaska, and their seasonal European program. The Caribbean is behind on both price and occupancy and represents almost 50% of the remainder of the year for the North American brands. Recent booking volumes have been excellent and we are catching up on occupancy albeit at promotional rate. Alaska is behind on price but well ahead on occupancy, which bodes very well for pricing on the remaining inventory. The seasonal European program for our North American brands is strong. We are well ahead on both price and occupancy. For our EAA brands, the year-round European program, which represents 70% of the EAA brands capacity for the remainder of the year is behind on price but well ahead on occupancy. Recent booking volumes have been substantially ahead of last year which again bodes well for pricing on the remaining inventory. Switching to costs, our full-year cost guidance also remains unchanged from December as we continue to expect net cruise costs excluding fuel, to be up only slightly. Putting all these factors together, our 2014 non-GAAP EPS guidance is $1.50 to a $1.70 per share with the midpoint that is the same as our December guidance. Given our higher confidence level, we have simply narrowed the range reflecting our solid booking patterns with softness in Japan offsetting our better-than-expected first-quarter performance. At this point, Ill turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, David. Kim, I think we're now ready to open it for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Thanks. I guess, I was going to ask you about your guidance coming $0.10 off the top and the bottom, and given the better close in Q1, I guess, it sounds like Japan is the reason why that and maybe a little bit of fuel off of the top? I guess, Ill ask when you look at your bookings for the remainder of the year being higher volume at lower prices, is that mostly due to Q2 because Im curious that comparisons get easier in Q3 as we get closer we would see higher prices and so youd hold back on some booking at lower prices year-over-year. I guess, if you could give us a sense as to that sort of higher volume, lower price, how that changes from Q2 into the second half?
David Bernstein: Sure.
Arnold Donald: Yeah. David, go ahead?
David Bernstein: Essentially for all three quarters, we are essentially at higher volumes and slightly lower prices, albeit there are different levels of increases and different amounts of lower prices between the quarters, but that's the overall trend at the moment. Keep in mind that while the booking volumes have been very good, we did expect to see booking volumes, good booking volumes in the first quarter. When we -- in December on the conference call, we talked about being behind and we knew we had to catch up, and in order to catch up, you need good booking volumes. So this is pretty much in line with our expectations.
Robin Farley: Okay. And then just the other question is, can you quantify a little bit the lower occupancy in the Carnival brand, just a degree?
David Bernstein: As weve been saying all along on a number of voyages, they are willing to give up a couple of points of occupancy to hold price. So we are seeing some, a couple of points down in the first quarter on Carnival Cruise Lines.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steven Kent: Hi. Good morning. Arnold, could you just discuss your cost saves, just talk about them more broadly and will you set a target either in dollars or percentage, and if you don't do that, why wouldnt you do that? And then David, I think you mentioned that the booking curves have extended and you mentioned something about that, but they were still at the lower end of where you'd like them to be. What is the lower end and what is higher end on the booking curves?
Arnold Donald: Okay. Ill start with your cost question first. Obviously, our greatest opportunity is on the revenue side. But the reality is we do spend as I mentioned over $6 billion, not counting fuel and not counting personnel, and not counting payroll. And largely that spend today is uncoordinated. There are portions of it that are to some degree across a few brands, one or two areas that are more broadly, but the majority of it is not coordinated, and that just is a natural result of having run the brands very independently and very successfully, very independently. So any corporation can always be more efficient. And when you have that level of spend that historically has not been aggressively coordinated, by definition there is opportunity there. And so, I just mentioned the one area of airline and hotel for crew where we spend between that and ports, over $1.3 billion a year, and we havent set an arbitrary target. Were doing it from the ground up and were doing the work to see where the opportunities lie. But from a reasonableness test, which is a 1%, as reasonable savings, almost certainly right. 5% of $6 billion will be $300 million, 10% will be $600 million, exactly what the number turns out to be across that $6 billion base. Well see as we go to these individual areas of opportunity and quantify them more rigorously and look at where the opportunities are. So that work has begun. Once we've done that, well prioritize which ones we attack first. And overtime, well realize the latent opportunity thats there through collaboration, coordination, and communication across our 10 brands. Hope that answers your question, Steve. Go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Steve, historically, we had given some ranges out. For instance, we said in the current quarter we might be like 80% to 90% booked, one quarter out 50% to 70%, two quarters out 30% to 50%. And so I think, previously in the latter part of last year, I said we were at the lower end or slightly below the historical booking ranges. So now, we are a little bit better than we had previously been but still towards the lower end of the booking ranges.
Steven Kent: Okay. Thanks
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Good morning. Im wondering if you could just give us some color on the Carnival brand net yields, what they were in the first quarter and when do you think they get positive, and then similarly, Costas net yields in the quarter?
Arnold Donald: Go ahead, Dave.
David Bernstein: Sure. Overall, we had indicated that we expected to see Carnival down in the back half of last year and in the first half of this year in the mid-to-high single digits, and then we had talked about them turning positive in the back half of 2014 after we lapped the shipped incidents, the voyage disruptions. So in the first quarter, Carnival turned out to be a little bit better than we expected, which helped exceed the guidance, but we are still, I guess, are forecasting our guidance for the remaining quarters remains unchanged.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And on Costa?
Micky Arison: For Costa? Yeah, Costa was up a couple of points in the first quarter and part of that was due to occupancy. But they did get some pricing as Arnold indicated, particularly in their core European markets. Keep in mind that one of the things for the first quarter, Costa has less ships in South America, which while it's a very high-yielding market, it's not nearly as profitable. So we gave up something on the yield for Costa to improve the profitability overall because of the high cost of doing business in South America.
Felicia Hendrix: That makes sense. And then just on Carnival, I probably understand that the strategy that you have and trying to get the bookings levels up given the levels that you are in? But Im just wondering as you kind of look forward, do you only look for the consumer gets used to certain pricing or promotions on the brand? And specifically when you look past this year, do you envision the Carnival brand having more pricing power?
Arnold Donald: I think as we look down through the year, obviously the comparisons are going to get easier right off the bat because the second half of last year was post the voyage disruptions that occurred. And in terms of just the building momentum, the Caribbean had a lot of capacity expansion, 10% for Carnival and even more than over 19% for the industry. So there will probably be some continued pressure from that, but overall we do see significant strengthening in the Carnival.
David Bernstein: Yeah. But I don't worry about the consumer getting used to the lower prices. I mean, this has happened before we saw lower prices in 2009 and the prices came back up in 10 and 11. So as the economy improves and as the demand is there, we should be able to get the pricing back without any problem. This has happened a number of times in our history.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
James Hardiman: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. Maybe just little piggyback on Felicias question, you talked about you saw a price dip in 09 and that came back in 11. Maybe you could talk a little bit about relative pricing compared to the competitive set -- Caribbean line Im talking about specifically here. It seems like last year, there was a bigger gap versus a lot of your competition. Im assuming thats worked its way back now, but how should I think about that going forward and have we gotten back to the historical gap versus the ships that Carnival would ultimate compete with?
David Bernstein: Are you talking specifically about Carnival Cruise Lines?
Arnold Donald: Cruise Lines.
James Hardiman: Yeah, exactly.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Its very hard for us. There is no direct competitors. Its very hard for us -- the competitors like Royal Caribbean, its multiple brands in multiple markets. So whereas Carnival Cruise Lines focuses primarily on the Caribbean, so very hard to do a direct comparison the way you're describing.
Arnold Donald: It really is difficult. The brands are different. They cater to different psychographic segments. They have different comparisons for what ships were where in the previous year, et cetera and so you are often comparing apples and oranges. And so we tend to not look at it that way but we do look at how we are doing relative to how weve done in the past and how we anticipate we should be doing given our deployments and what equipment we have where.
David Bernstein: I can give you a little color on us in total versus our competition that might be helpful, because if you go back, we lost about 10% to yield in 2009 and we got back in 10 and 11 about half of that. And we had hope to regain the second half in the following years 12 and 13. But unfortunately with the ship incidents today, we are about 11% behind 2008 yields. In comparison, our competition with their 2014 guidance should be close to their 2008 yields. And hopefully as our brands recover, both Carnival Cruise Lines and Costa, we can recoup getting back to the 2008 yields as well. Hotel RevPARs are also back to those levels. We have every reason to believe we can get back there as well.
James Hardiman: Thats really helpful actually. And maybe, Arnold you talked about at the beginning of the call sort of those three major segments of cruisers, the Loyalist, the new to cruise, the Switchers, maybe expand on that a little bit? Is that brand consideration independent of the cheaper price that those people are receiving and ultimately is that sustainable as prices inevitably come up, maybe talk a little bit more about that?
Arnold Donald: Yeah. I think first of all, understanding the guest psychographics increasingly is clearly an immediate task that we have across the 10 brands. So, we continue to do deep dives and that is an area where we are collaborating across the brands and as opposed to doing 10 different segmentation studies. We will be able to do a much more rigorous market research effort at probably less cost frankly than doing 10 independent ones and get much better insight. But generally speaking, sure, each segment has his own price elasticity curve. A Loyalist, now they make, take an extra cruise or two if pricing is lower. The Switchers might be more compelled to switch to a brand with a better price offerings and so on. And the new to cruise, that's where all the heavy-duty action has been across all the brands, ours and other cruise company brands is to get to new to cruise onboard. And that's always been more of a price sensitive market for the majority of psychographic targets, not so much to ultra-luxury but short of that has been somewhat prices. So measuring that and that changes with time. Geopolitical influences it. Economy influences it. Just general mood influences it. So these are all conceptual things, but we are going from concept to rigor and modeling in our price models and our psychology of pricing through the work we have underway.
James Hardiman: But basically it sounds like its the Switchers that are the last of the three to sort of get back to where we were pre-last year?
David Bernstein: Yeah. And the comments I made was around brand perceptions. And so a Switcher by definition is probably going to be last because they have a brand they are with and you are trying to get them to switch. And so you need to have perhaps more cause, more rationale for them to switch from a brand they are all in to go to another brand. And so any kind of negative noise makes them more difficult obviously.
James Hardiman: Very helpful.
Beth Roberts: Very small population.
Arnold Donald: And it is the smaller segment of the population. Beth just pointed out. That is in most cruisers or either new to cruise or they would fall into the category of Loyalist.
James Hardiman: Good stuff. Thanks, guys.
Arnold Donald: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder: Thank you, and good morning. And two things. If you can just maybe give us a little bit of an update. On the last call, you mentioned that Carnival was a little bit of ahead of your period of recovery for the brand, and it sounds like the brand perception has continued along that vein. But if you frame that from the perspective of pricing, has much changed from your statement on the prior call that the Carnival brand is tracking a little quicker than what you expected and Costa still lagging, just an update there? And then the second question would be related, looking at over the next couple years here, Arnold you continued to outline that there is a lot of cost savings opportunities, but you also in your preamble talked about elevated spending on advertising and marketing. How do you see those two netting out over the next several years for net cruise costs ex-fuel?
Arnold Donald: Yes. First of all, lets go to your pricing question, we feel and brand recover, we are very enthused by what we see in the Carnival brand in terms of the pace of recovery and in terms of how we shot up. Obviously, we had a better than expected first quarter with Carnival, and thats extremely encouraging and affirming to us. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, Im very proud of the Carnival brand team through their innovations and hard work they put in place to accelerate that brand recovery. So we are very encouraged on the Carnival brand. That will be the first comment. In terms of more broadly looking down the road, we will continue to invest to build demand because thats what the industry needs and thats what we need. Our ships sail pretty much full, if not full, so do the competitor. And the issue is not about that, the issue is at what price. And so the greater demand, obviously the more were able to capture the great value that we offer to guests and we do believe this is the greatest vacation value there is. And so obviously, we want to drive demand, and we will do that through promotion period. So thats advertising through social media, or whatever, and we will continue to invest in that. Having said that, do I think those -- that investment in the future will offset any potential savings that we have across the large base of spend we have? No, I dont expect that. Will we reallocate some of those savings to additional promotional investment, if we see a return on those investments? Absolutely, yes. But the reality here is, I think there is more opportunity collectively over time to show improved overall cost performance, even given continued investment and promotional spend.
Tim Conder: Okay. So just to clarify, youre saying that the Carnival brand continues to track ahead of that expected recovery in the Costa brand, is it still -- is it picked up a little bit of that pace? I just want to make sure I am clear on the Costa side of the equation.
Arnold Donald: Yes. Costa has picked up as well. Costa had the double whammy of disruption and then obviously the European economy. And the European economy is still choppy, but its obviously strengthened. And we do see accelerated progress in the Costa brand. And Ive given huge plaudits to our Carnival brand team, but our Costa team deserves huge plaudits well. And they have done a great job in managing the brand and all the dynamics around the brand recovery. So they obviously had a very different level incident than Carnival brand did. So they had a much more serious incident. They were in a much tougher economic environment. And so those -- both of those things weighing heavily to affect the pace of recovery, but they are doing well. Now, were very confident and excited looking ahead for Costa as well.
Tim Conder: And I apologize, on the cost side just to clarify, are you saying that cost should be flat, down, or slightly up over the long term netting the savings on the incremental spending?
Arnold Donald: We havent quantified the cost savings opportunities yet preciously, and I want to hold on that until Ive given the teams the opportunity to really drill down. We like giving you guys numbers that we have high degree of confidence in, and so were going to do that the right way. Some of that will be revealed by the time we get to talk to you again. Some of it may be somewhat obvious. And as appropriate, we will lay out targets if we feel its of any real value to all. But the bottom line is, we are still working all of that. Directionally, I certainly see overall opportunities for efficiencies on the cost side. But again I want to point out, our opportunity is scale. We have 78 million passenger cruise days a year. We have 10 million guests a year. And on the revenue side, small moves on the revenue side produce substantial cash flow and operating earnings opportunity for us. And so we are going to do both, we are going to walk and chew gum, but the big opportunity is clearly on the revenue side.
Tim Conder: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ian Rennardson: Thank you. Good morning. A couple of questions. Slightly if you could help us a little bit with your yield guidance for Q2, because if I look last years yield, it was down 1.9% in constant dollars in Q2 followed by minus 3.8% in Q3. Now youre looking for minus 3% to minus 4% in Q2, but then a relatively big positive in Q3. How big can that be in Q3, please? And then the second question would be yields in Q1 ex-Costa, so if we strip Costa, big improvement in Costa, what was the yield for the rest of the company? Thank you.
Arnold Donald: David?
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, first of all, the guidance for the second quarter, part of that is impacted by the 19% capacity increase in the Caribbean that were expecting and the promotional rates that are out in the market as a result of that. Each quarter has its unique set of circumstances. The third quarter, we had indicated or I should say the back half, I had indicated that yields would be positive in the back half. And of course, the third quarter will be impacted to some degree by Japan and so that taking into account. But all we said was positive in the third quarter and slightly down for the full year.
Ian Rennardson: Okay. Thank you. And the other one was
David Bernstein: And as far as Costa is concerned, I mean, I had indicated earlier in the call, Costa was up a couple of points in the first quarter. So Costa, remember, is 15% of our overall capacity and the yields in the first quarter were down 2.1%. So it probably would have been down slightly more than that without Costa, but you can do the math.
Ian Rennardson: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jamie Rollo: Yes, hi. Thanks. The balance sheet customer deposits at the end of the quarter would not much change year-on-year, despite you say a very significant booking volume increase in the wave period. And I am wondering, it could suggest your pricing on those volumes is very weak, but it may also suggest youre selling more through agents. Im just wondering as a mix direct, indirect or if we should be perhaps more worried on pricing given that year-on-year change? Thank you.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Well, there were so many factors, Jamie, that go into customer deposits on year-over-year basis. I mean, this pro-rated voyages they show excursions, there is charter deposits and a whole bunch of other things, including currency movements on a year-over-year basis. So it is very difficult for you to read in. The other thing to keep in mind is that ticket prices are down on a year-over-year basis, so that does also affect the customer deposit and Carnival Cruise Lines, I think, also had a program with a lower deposit for a number of voyages which generated a lot of volume. Now, typically, we dont see any difference in the overall cancellation experience with those lower deposits. So that was something that stimulates a lot of bookings as well. So there are a lot of factors that make it difficult for you to read into the trends in bookings versus customer deposits.
Jamie Rollo: Okay. And then, thanks, the other question was on the cost guidance. So for the second quarter, the guidance is quite high, given Q2 last year and [NCCs] (ph) were up 8% given all the Triumph cost. So, I think, if we strip out the litigation proceeds from the quarter the year before thats still about 6% Q2 last year and then, small, but that seems to be the timing you mentioned from the first quarter? And given your sort of your full year guidance for cost, you are expecting the second half looks to be roughly flat? And I'm just wondering whether -- what's causing that significant improvement and whether any of the savings you've mentioned to be built into your guidance? Thank you.
David Bernstein: Yeah. I think the most significant thing that you have to think about is fourth quarter we do expect costs to be down and the reason is, if you remember last year in the fourth quarter, we had talked about Carnival Cruise Lines new advertising campaign and how we had increased advertising. So, there is a difference seasonalization of the advertising this year and therefore, we would expect cost to be down in the fourth quarter and that's probably the missing piece that puts it together for you.
Jamie Rollo: So that's adjusted into Q1, Q2 this year, actually cutting your advertising, arent you?
David Bernstein: Well, we increased the whole overall advertising, but the big increase in Q1 and Q2 was on the advertising side, yes. There were other increases in insurance and crew travel and few other things, but the thing that drove the majority of the increase was advertising.
Jamie Rollo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Patrick Scholes: Hi. Good morning. I have two questions for you. You briefly talked about expectations for the third quarter revenue yields and sort of indicated just back half will be up. What would you expect to be a stronger quarter, the third or the fourth as far as that revenue yield growth?
David Bernstein: Yeah. We will give you that guidance when we get to next quarter, I mean, at this point, it built into our full year, there is a lot of bookings left to go for the third quarter, we are probably about halfway there and the fourth quarter is probably a third of the way there. So, there is a lot left to go. Typically, of course, the third quarter is the strongest summer season for us. So that bodes well for the yields in that particular timeframe. But its a little early for us to give detail guidance.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. We'll catch-up on that in the future. And then, gentleman, second question here, you've talk today a bit about getting back to prior pricing levels and mentioned that hotels have gotten there? Certainly, one difference between the cruise industry and the hotel industry is the difference supply characteristics? That been said, what -- for next year, what would you -- what do you see capacity in the Caribbean shaping up and that's really maybe very important because its this year has been high and held impacted prices. So what are your expectations for next year for the Caribbean both for yourselves and the industry?
David Bernstein: Yeah. Well, the -- we dont have all the detailed itineraries for our competitors and everybody. But I took a look at the first quarter and for our North American brands for the first quarter, we are expecting a small decrease in the capacity in the Caribbean, primarily driven by the fact that Carnival Legend was announced is moving down to Australia, which will reduce our capacity in the Caribbean. So, that should be helpful, I have seen other announcements, but we will be putting all that data together on a consolidated basis and hope to have that before the next call.
Micky Arison: Historically, when there has been a big change in capacity in the destination market and then there has been some pricing impact from that, ships tend to move out. So, I guess, I wont say, ships are moving out, but its highly unlikely we'll see the level of capacity increase next year that we see in this year.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Got it. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Micky Arison: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Dobson with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Brian Dobson: Oh! Hey, guys. Two quick questions for you. So you talked a lot about strong cost in bookings? I suppose how much of the 2Q and 3Q are left to sale at this point? You mentioned that, you are just shy about a normalized forward booking curve, but I guess where are you more particularly?
David Bernstein: Yeah. Well, what I had said on the previous and answering the previous question is that for the current quarter we're in 80% to 90% and then the next question we are out 50% to 70%, and I've said we were towards the lower end of those rang. So, it gives you a good indication of where we are for Q2 and 3.
Brian Dobson: Right. And then, I guess, thinking about your recent ship renovations? Can you give any color on the type of premium pricing that you are seeing or the returns on those Fun Ship 2.0 renovation?
Arnold Donald: Yeah. I think on Fun Ship 2.0 is certainly one of the reasons why we've seen accelerated recovery in the brand. I dont think there is any doubt about that. And so even though we've got tough comparisons given all the moving parts and all the various variables, there is no question in our minds that Fun Ship 2.0 has lifted our yields relative to where they would have been and probably lifted our occupancy as well. So we are absolutely declaring success on that one. And we continue to innovate as you know we have the 60 concerts that are planned for the Carnival brand this year. We're seeing some lift across the number of those as well both in terms of booking trends and pricing.
David Bernstein: You know on the Carnival Sunshine which was a major refurbishments, we had plan that out with extra revenue on the additional cabin that we put in, extra onboard revenue relating as Arnold indicated to all the Fun Ship 2.0 improvement. So one thing that turned out to be very favorable that we hadnt anticipated or we didnt put into our forecast, I should say, was the extra ticket pricing in the premium we were getting there as a result of the refurbishments. So we were very pleased with that. And its virtually like a new build. We renamed the ship and add a lot of great features with the water park and the ropes course and all. So we were -- we're pleased with that. We are seeing that the refurbishments have a positive halo effect across the fleet. We bring out the new features on the new ships and then we try to retrofit them across the fleet to maintain a consistent brand standard. And that's very powerful and very helpful and we've been doing that for while and well continue to do that as we move forward.
Brian Dobson: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wyn Ellis with Numis. Please go ahead.
Wyn Ellis: Hi. Good morning. Just got three questions, if I can please. First of all on Japan, you said its only 1% of your capacity for this year. Could you clarify for us, what it will cost you, you think in EPS terms? And then secondly on they Ukraine, have you seen any impact of the unrest there and the political maneuvers? And have you built that into your guidance for this year, any additional caution? And then finally, just a question on advertising, I think Arnold in your opening remarks, you said it would be up about 14% this year. Is that something youd expect to continue in following years?
Arnold Donald: Okay, so first of all with regards to the Ukraine, the geopolitical issues have been periodically almost every year somewhere. And its clearly the Ukraine has impacted some itineraries in terms of demand and attitude and orientation for guests to seek a particular itinerary. It's had a bit of a halo effect for a period of time on the European bookings period. On the other hand, European bookings continue to be strong and we're seeing a good yield and good occupancy trends there. So yes, it's had an impact, but there is a lot of variables and it all comes out in the wash, so to say. So it only represents about 0.7% of our capacity. So there is some halo effect going across. Go ahead, David, you wanted to make 
David Bernstein: Yeah. I think as far as the overall forecast is concerned, what we did is we assumed that things remained the same, that things didn't get deteriorate, and we built support cast on that premise. We have -- Costa has announced some changes in their itinerary because they had some ships going to the Ukraine in May. They're replacing the Ukraine with Bulgaria, and in overnight in Istanbul, that's been announced. There are some other Costa and AIDA, and if I remember correctly, Seabourn go there in the third quarter. And we're monitoring that carefully and I would expect that those itineraries would change as well. As far as Japan is concerned, I guess it's safe to say that like many new markets when you enter, you do have to invest a little bit. I've used that term before. It's a nice way of saying we're losing some money in the market, but we are very bullish on the overall prospects for Japan. And we believe it's worth the investment as we continue to develop the market. As far as advertising
Arnold Donald: Yes, the advertising, the increase, as I referenced was over 2012. We were back a couple of years because of the increases that we did put in place in 2013 year at the end. But directionally, we'll make an ongoing judgment. I'm always looking to see impact for dollars invested. We had not advertised, for example, in the Princess Line for almost 10 years, that's for ad campaign. And so we'll examine it. I'm a personal believer and pulsing that you advertise for a period of time, then you take a little break and you advertise. We have 10 brands. We can manage that over but well see how it works out and I don't have any preconceived notions. I want to hear from the brands in terms of what they think is having the greatest impact and evidence they can provide to that. Fundamentally, we're going to promote our brands. And from an overall direction, I don't have a big prediction for you. But I don't see us do anything dramatically in terms of dramatic increases absent a clear return prospect.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Of the 20% that Arnold mentioned versus 12%, a little bit more than half of that was last year and the rest of it was in 2014. I had indicated in December, part of the increase was due to higher advertising.
Wyn Ellis: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Stanford with Lazarus Partnership. Please go ahead.
Edward Stanford: Good morning. Just one question if I may. Could you give us an update on where you are with fitting the scrubber technology to your vessels, and to extent to which is the percentage of the fleet will be embodied by the end of the year, please?
David Bernstein: Sure.
Arnold Donald: Go ahead, David here on the percentage.
David Bernstein: Yes. Today, we had put it previously on the Queen Victoria. I think we had said that on previous calls that we were testing it and it was working well. We were completely pleased with the results. Weve put it on six additional ships. Probably have 20 plus ships with scrubbers before the end of the year. Between that and the exemptions that we got for 2015, we had indicated in the 10-K that we didn't expect to see the ECA have a significant impact on our cost structure for 2015. The numbers previously in prior 10-Ks were a few hundred million dollar impact as a result of the low-sulfur fuel. We're progressing, we're pleased with the progress we're making, and we will continue to roll the scrubbers out over time both in 15 and 16.
Edward Stanford: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steven Kent: Just a quick question on the impact of the Galveston oil spill, should we be thinking about that as having any EPS impact in the next quarter and whats your current thoughts on that and where those ships stand?
David Bernstein: Okay. Well, there are three ships that are currently in port, two Carnival ships and one Princess ship. Unfortunately, we dont know exactly when the channel will open up. I guess, at the moment if the channel opened up this week and the future cruises were to occur as normal, it might cost us a penny in the second quarter. But this is a fluid situation and I do hope they can get it cleaned up and the channel opened this week. And yeah, we do it -- by the way, under the current law we do expect recovery of the lost revenue in the incremental costs under the OPA regulations and insurance. So we would expect to see a recovery at some point later this year, the additional costs.
Arnold Donald: Yeah, for the full year, though unless something really prolongs this, we dont see a material impact on our guidance.
Steven Kent: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Thanks. I wonder if you could give a little bit of color on, you mentioned the other European brands excluding Costa being down in Q1, just sort of a little bit of color on those factors?
David Bernstein: Sure. At AIDA, unfortunately because of the loss of the Red Sea program and the very popular Egypt itineraries, we had to make some changes. Those didn't occur this year. And as a result, the yields were down just a little bit in the first quarter. In the U.K., the U.K. has done some changes to their pricing programs in their commission structures. So, while their first quarter was impacted, we do expect an improving trend in the U.K. overall. So, hopefully that gives you a look a little bit more color on whats going on.
Arnold Donald: And I will say in general, in Europe, we do as I mentioned earlier on the call, with the booking curves being moved out we see strength in Europe. And again, its reflected in our guidance, but we actually see a strong performance collectively in Europe this year.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we have one last question from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder: Thats fine. My previous question was just answered. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: Thank you very much
Operator: And there is no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to you Mr. Donald.
Arnold Donald: Hey. Thank you all very much. We look forward to visiting with you next quarter and in between. And I thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-12-19 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Arnold W. Donald - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Chairman of Compensation Committee, Member of Nominating & Governance Committee and Member of Health, Environmental, Safety & Security Committee David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chairman of Carnival Plc., Director of Carnival Plc. and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Assia Georgieva Ian Rennardson - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Charles Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division James Hollins - Investec Securities (UK), Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, December 19, 2013. I will now like to turn the conference over to Arnold Donald, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you, Kelly. And good morning, thank you for joining us today, and a sincere happy holidays to everyone. With me today is our Chairman, Micky Arison; our Chief Financial Officer, David Bernstein; our Vice President of Investor Relations, Beth Roberts. And as Kelly pointed out, I am Arnold Donald, President and Chief Executive Officer of Carnival Corporation & plc. We'll begin with David Bernstein for a review of our financial performance and outlook, and then I will share some prepared remarks before we open it up for the Q&A session. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note that I must -- that some of our comments on this call will be forward looking. I must refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currency, as this is a much more meaningful measure of business trends. What I'm going to do is start by walking you through the third quarter of 2013. I'll then recap the full year 2013, give you some insight on the current booking trends and then talk about the guidance for 2014. As part of the guidance, I will give you some explanation on how we reviewed the 2014 cost increase from what we said on the previous conference call. For the fourth quarter, our non-GAAP EPS was $0.04. The fourth quarter came in $0.04 above the midpoint of our September guidance. This was driven by better-than-expected revenue yields for both net ticket and net onboard. This occurred mainly at Carnival Cruise Lines and was worth $0.05 a share. We also had lower fuel prices and favorable FX rates, which was worth $0.02 a share. All of this favorability was partially offset by the 3% -- or the $0.03 of higher cost. Now let's look at the fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 3%. Our total net revenue yields in the fourth quarter declined 2%. I will break apart for you the 2 components of total net revenue yields: net ticket yields, and net onboard and other. First, net ticket yields. Our net ticket yields declined 3%, and this was driven by the North American brands that were down 6% due to promotional pricing at Carnival Cruise Lines and lower yields at the premium brands. Our EAA brands were up almost 2%, driven by increases at Costa that were partially offset by declines in our other European brands. Net onboard and other yields increased just over 1%. Our EAA brands experienced an almost 2% increase that was tempered by flat yields at our North American brands. However, our North American brands did show a nice improvement from the third quarter. On the cost side, net cruise costs per available lower berth day, excluding fuel, were up 6.5% versus the prior year, and this was driven by vessel enhancements and higher advertising expense as we invested to accelerate our recovery. This increase was a bit more than we expected in our September guidance, but that was mostly due to the timing of certain expenses between the fourth quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014. In summary, the fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.10 lower than last year. It was driven by lower net ticket yields and higher net cruise costs, without fuel, partially offset by improved fuel consumption and lower fuel prices. Recapping the full year 2013. This past year was impacted by voyage disruptions at Carnival Cruise Lines, and as a result, the earnings for 2013 were down. Our non-GAAP EPS was $1.58 versus $1.94 for the prior year. The decrease was driven by a number of things: lower net revenue yields costing $0.42; and higher net cruise costs, without fuel, which cost us $0.40. However, both of these were partially offset by lower fuel consumption per ALBD of 5.3%, which was worth $0.17; lower fuel prices worth $0.14; and everything else together was about $0.15. For 2013, our total net revenue yields were down 2.6%. The North American brands were down 3%, and again, this was driven by promotional pricing at Carnival Cruise Lines. However, I will say we were very pleased that the surveys show a significant recovery in the brand perception at Carnival Cruise Lines since the voyage disruptions. We benefited from this in the fourth quarter and we expect to benefit from it going forward. In addition, at Costa, the surveys were also very encouraging. They showed an improvement in brand perception, and that led to a 4% yield increase from the prior year. Although Costa had a nice yield recovery, it was more than offset by our other European brands, and that resulted in about a 2% decline in yields for our EAA brands. On the cost side, a 4.6% increase in net cruise costs, excluding fuel, was driven by a number of factors: voyage disruptions and related repair costs; higher advertising spend; our investments in new market development initiatives in Japan, China and Australia; the vessel enhancement expenses; higher insurance premiums; and lastly, a charge from a closed pension plan for certain British officers. Turning to our cash flows for 2013. The cash provided by operations was $2.8 billion. And our CapEx, net of asset sales, were $2.1 billion, which left us almost $800 million of free cash flow that was returned to shareholders via the regular quarterly dividend. Looking forward to 2014. Given our expectations for lower yields in the first half of 2013, which includes the down 3% to 4% for the first quarter, and despite an improving trend, positive yields in the back half of 2014 and improving brand perceptions for both Carnival Cruise Lines and Costa, we are expecting yields for the year to be down slightly. However, keep in mind that it is early. Wave season is still a few weeks away. There is a large capacity increase in the Caribbean starting in the second quarter. And also, we still face ongoing challenging economic environments in Southern Europe. Turning to recent booking trends. For the first half of 2014, fleetwide volumes during the last 13 weeks have been running well ahead of the prior year, outpacing capacity at prices that are lower. Despite the recent high volumes, the cumulative bookings for the first half on a fleetwide basis are still behind, at lower prices. As a result of the booking trends, we are expecting lower yields in the first half. Our North American brands are impacted by challenging comps from the first half of last year, as they will book prior to the voyage disruptions that occurred in February. Our EAA brands face ongoing economic environment challenges in Southern Europe, the loss of the attractive Red Sea program and a close-in booking curve that is impacting their first half. For the third quarter, which by the way is still in the early stages of development, the cumulative fleetwide booking status is that occupancies are similar to last year, while pricing is flat. While our expectations for this quarter are tempered by the large capacity increase in the Caribbean, with a solid cumulative booking status, better booking patterns and the first half ramped-up advertising efforts, we are expecting positive yields in the third quarter. That's why we are forecasting an improving trend as we move from the first to the second quarter and then to the back half of the year. Looking at our booking patterns by program for each of our 2 segments. For our North American brands, I'll walk you through the Caribbean, Alaska and the seasonal European program. The Caribbean is behind on both price and occupancy, and this represents 60% of the first half and over 40% of the third quarter capacity for the North American brands. Alaska is behind on price but well ahead on occupancy. Recent booking volumes have been solid, which bodes well for pricing on the remaining inventory. The seasonal European program for our North American brands is showing signs of strength, particularly in the peak summer season, which falls into our third quarter, where we are up nicely in both price and occupancy. For our EAA brands, the year-round European program, which represents over 60% of the EAA brands' capacity, we are seeing a sequential improvement in year-over-year pricing in each quarter from the first to the third quarter for this program. Booking volumes for these European programs for the last 13 weeks have been nicely higher as well. Now let me switch to costs and give you some color on net cruise costs, excluding fuel, for 2014. We now expect cost per ALBD to be up only slightly for 2014 even as we continue to invest in the future. This is a much better than the indication that we gave on the September call. At that time, I did say that the numbers were preliminary and that we would be visiting each of our operating companies to review their 2014 plans. A number of factors came together to reduce the increase. As I previously mentioned, our year-over-year comparison did benefit from the timing of certain expenses between the fourth quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014, and that resulted in about a 0.5 point year-over-year impact. In addition, we found ways to do some of the vessel enhancements in service, thereby reducing dry dock days in 2014. Furthermore, through increased collaboration and cooperation amongst our operating companies, we do expect to see cost reductions in a number of areas. For 2014, we are also benefiting from favorable exchange rates and lower fuel prices, as well as some investments we made in fuel consumption, and we do expect an additional 4% improvement in fuel consumption for the year. So putting all these factors together, for 2014, our non-GAAP EPS guidance is $1.40 to $1.80 per share, with a midpoint that is similar to 2013's non-GAAP EPS. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Arnold.
Arnold W. Donald: Okay, thank you, David. Although 2013 was clearly a challenging year for our company, we nevertheless enjoyed several significant accomplishments. So for example, we made real progress in our Asia growth strategy, doubling our cruise presence in China and successfully launching an inaugural home port in Japan. We opened 5 China offices; a second office in Japan; as well as offices in South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Singapore, all of which will support our 2014 Asian sourcing, which is again expected to double. We are moving quickly to ensure that we are well positioned to capitalize in this important growth region. Also in 2013, through our 2 innovative new ships AIDAstella and Royal Princess, through ship retirements and through new technology, we have enhanced our fleet and improved efficiency. AIDAstella and Royal Princess are both among the most efficient ships at sea today from both a unit cost and fuel efficiency standpoint, which allows them to produce returns significantly higher than our fleet average. We are also -- retired a smaller, less-profitable Costa vessel. Of course, the upgrading of our fleet is a continuous process. We also announced a more efficient Seabourn ship to replace the 3 smaller original ships in 2016. And in 2013, we announced many exciting new product features to our guest experience, taking our guest experience to new heights, including several new dining concepts, American TABLE, American FEAST, as well as the continued rollout of the extremely popular Guys Burger Joint developed with Food Network personality Guy Fieri. We intend -- we introduced new bar concepts as well, including the industry's first shipboard brewery that brews beer from purified seawater on our AIDA line, the Latin-infused Havana bar; as well as the continued rollout of the cocktail-pharmacy-themed Alchemy Bar, the E&A -- EA SPORTS Bar and the very popular RedFrog Pub, all on our Carnival brand. We introduced new entertainment concepts, including a Vegas-like water-and-lights show on deck on Princess; Dancing with the Stars: At Sea, our partnership with the hit ABC show in the U.S, on our Holland America Line; and on our P&O U.K. line, Strictly Come Dancing, partnering with BBC in the U.K.; as well as the continued rollout of the popular B.B. King's Blues Club on Holland America and the Hasbro game show and the Punchliner Comedy Club presented by George Lopez on the Carnival line. For families, we unveiled Carnival Seuss at Sea, an exclusive partnership with Dr. Seuss Enterprises; additional WaterWorks aqua parks; a new ropes course; and an interactive laser game on the Costa line. Our product offering for guests across our fleet has never been better, and there will be more exciting announcements after the New Year. This year, we also embarked upon a number of travel agent outreach programs domestically and abroad. We are gaining traction with our newly introduced Agent Matters program in the U.K.; and here in the U.S., our Carnival Conversations launched in June. That's truly resonated with our travel partners as we implemented a number of initiatives based on agent feedback, making it even easier to sell a Carnival Cruise. And as you know, Carnival Cruise Lines also launched a creative new national advertising campaign featuring the vacation moment testimonials from some of our millions of fulfilled guests. We also unveiled the Great Vacation Guarantee, an unprecedented money back guarantee. These efforts have already borne fruit as we have realized a significant improvement in brand perception and consideration for the Carnival line, already restoring 75% of the drop in perception it experienced earlier this calendar year. We have so far experienced a faster recovery for the Carnival brand than originally anticipated, and our team is working very hard to keep that momentum going. However, we do recognize the limited visibility we have at this point to the peak summer season, where we generate most of our annual profits, and we are very cognizant of the particularly high-capacity growth for the core Caribbean product beginning in the second quarter. So we maintain a level of caution in our focus on identifying additional signs that the pace of recovery we're experiencing is, in fact, sustainable. We have taken a hard look at costs and attacked our challenges head on. I'm very proud of the creativity in our team to execute successfully at lower costs than originally anticipated and, very importantly, without compromising, without compromising on critical investments we need to make to provide the foundation for the growth we expect in return on invested capital, earnings and free cash flow over time. In my first 6 months, I have affirmed what I knew at a visceral level as a board member: the inherent strength of this organization clearly lies in our people. They are passionate and they are dedicated worldwide. Our core product is clearly the best vacation value there is, and of course, our scale gives us tremendous opportunity for improved performance. We have more than 100 ships and 10 million guests each year, twice that of the next largest player the industry. With 78 million passenger cruise days, we have a tremendous opportunity to accelerate earnings growth by leveraging our scale. Operating our brands independently has been successful and it has led to our industry-leading position. The brands will remain independent, especially at the guest interface level, as they become increasingly distinct in the psychographics of the guests they source and they service. Going forward, we do plan to change the focus of our efforts in how we work together across the brands to enable us to leverage our scale. And we want to leverage it far more than we have historically, through greater communication, through collaboration and through cooperation across the 10 brands. We will more fully capitalize on the inherent opportunity that our scale affords us. We have already announced a realignment of our leadership team and have begun to change our work processes and our incentive structure to facilitate these efforts. Our reconfigured leadership team has identified a plethora of opportunities to work together, both on the revenue side and the cost side. On the revenue side, we are collaborating on onboard revenue initiatives and revenue management practices, including consolidating our efforts toward optimizing our pricing models. On the cost side, we are increasing cooperation on procurement, inventory management and port planning. We have begun to mine our opportunities by sizing and prioritizing these and many other initiatives. Our leadership team is driven around the principle that we have the greatest vacation value there is. It is difficult, given the diversity of incredible vacation moments we offer, it is difficult, if not impossible, for guests to achieve the same fulfillment with a land vacation at anywhere near the cost or ease that characterizes our cruise vacations. The inherent value is so great, we simply need to consistently exceed guest expectations, make certain that each guest experiences the brand that's right for them and ensure that they are just wowed when they leave, and that wowed is W-O-W-E-D, wowed. A thrilled guest will advocate for our brands, word of mouth is the most influential method to stimulate new demand. As we increase advocacy for our product, that demand will drive ticket prices higher. Over time, we expect to benefit from the combined efforts of our leadership team and our 120,000-plus global employees. We will continue to invest in prudent ways to accelerate the recoveries in Costa and Carnival that are already underway. And we are ardently focused on delivering a customer experience that surpasses even the high levels we achieve today, driving greater advocacy in each of our brands. We will capitalize on our tremendous product attributes and our industry-leading scale, and through our combined efforts, I have great confidence in our ability to execute and deliver on the expectations that we have set for ourselves, realizing our company's true earnings power and driving significant free cash flow and, importantly, delivering against our objective of returning our company to double-digit returns on invested capital. Kelly, we'd now like to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have 2 questions. First is, I wonder if you could comment on kind of occupancy on the Carnival brand. In particular, you have talked about holding occupancy length. Price dropped a little bit in Q4. I'm just wondering to what degree you did that in Q4 and how you will approach that going forward. And then secondly, your comments about the EAA brands being up 2%, but with others -- Costa up and others down, is that suggesting that Costa's pricing was up maybe 5% or something? I just would love to hear a little more color on that because that would be very encouraging.
David Bernstein: Sure. As far as the occupancy is concerned, we did see Carnival sail with some empty cabins in the back half of the year. That was just a couple of points of occupancy down from their historic numbers. The EAA brands, keep in mind that there are 6 brands in total. The Costa yields were actually up double digits in the fourth quarter and the other brands were down and offset that, which is how we wound up with the overall 2%.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And so is it reasonable to think that, the Costa brand, if this is the first quarter of pricing recovery, that rate of recovery would continue in the next couple of quarters for Costa as well?
David Bernstein: We did see pricing recovery, but it is early, given the booking trends where it is early. And when -- we don't normally give specific guidance by brand as we move forward. But keep in mind, for Costa, the deployment has changed quite a bit and particularly in the winter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: David, thanks for the color on how the cost guidance changed. I know a lot of people were worrying -- wondering about that this morning. You mentioned that -- in addition to some of the color you gave us, you mentioned that the company is going to see cost reductions in a number of areas, which is a bit of a generic way to describe that. So just wondering if you could give us some specific examples of how that -- how you are seeing cost reductions there. And as we think about the various cost line items that drive your overall net cruise costs, x fuel, wondering about how we should think about each of these for '14, in other words, how to think about payroll and food and SG&A, that sort of thing.
David Bernstein: Robin -- I'm sorry, Felicia, sorry. I don't want to go into all the detailed line items in terms of cost on a year-over-year basis because there's a lot of changes. There's product initiatives that we're investing in. There's a number of areas we found cost savings. But I think I can provide a little additional color. I mean, Arnold had mentioned the cooperation and collaboration in areas like ports and procurement and inventory management. The way these things translate, I'll give you an example: In North America, we looked at all the commercial printing. There were over 70 vendors that we were using on -- for different types of printing. We rationalized those vendors. We got better contracts for all the brands collectively. We now only have a handful of vendors, each doing different things. And we're saving millions of dollars. This is particularly important when you think about the fact that Carnival Cruise Lines is committed to now printing brochures again, which will -- they can do in a much more efficient manner and save us some additional money. So it's things like that, that will bode well for 2014. And there's lots of little examples that add up to many millions of dollars around the corporation.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on the revenue side, the pricing survey work that we do implies that the company -- or just the -- some of the brands are doing some significant base loading in the second quarter. I was just wondering if you could talk about the traction you're getting as you're trying to implement that strategy. And when you look out that far, are you seeing a more normalized booking curve?
David Bernstein: As I think I had indicated, I mean, the booking volumes for the first half are up, but they are up at lower prices. Clearly, as we've said a number of times over the last year, where we are, we are at the lower end of -- or slightly below our historical booking curve. So we are trying to catch up. We are encouraged by the volumes. And so it's hard to relate to the scraping that you do because the scrapings, in many cases, only relate to prices on a few cabins and not to the overall yield trend for us. So hopefully, that provides you some additional color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure, a couple of questions. First, are you -- on close-in bookings, are you seeing any improvement as you get closer to departure? And then more broadly, on the Costa and Carnival brands, any sense on when those brands recover to pre-incident levels?
Arnold W. Donald: On the recovery -- this is Arnold. On the recovery of Costa and Carnival, we said in previous calls that, traditionally, other industries, other incidents, 2 to 3 years for recovery. The Costa recovery has been impeded somewhat by the weak European economy and just the weakness in a lot of the markets where Costa sources their passengers. But we are seeing lifting in yields and occupancy in Costa, but the recovery may take longer than the 2- to 3-year norm that [Audio Gap]
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis from Nomura Securities.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just to follow-up on a couple of prior questions. Can you give us a sense of -- your cumulative bookings for the first half of the year, you said they're still behind. Can you put a number behind that in terms of your occupancy today, looking into the first quarter versus where it was a year ago? Or I'm just wondering to what extent you're behind. [Technical Difficulty]
Arnold W. Donald: Sorry, everyone, it seemed to have dropped. We have no idea what happened, but we apologize. I'm not sure exactly where we dropped and where we were in the comments. So I'll just repeat the answer to the question to make sure we covered it. Concerning the Costa and Carnival, as I was saying, the Costa recovery has been somewhat impaired by the weak situation in the European markets where a number of the passengers are sourced. So we are seeing some delay. However, the Costa yields are trending up, as is occupancy. With regards to Carnival, we've experienced some accelerated recovery in Carnival, experiencing that and especially here in the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter that just closed, but we are cautious looking forward to make certain we have a clear view after the wave season given the added capacity that's going into the Caribbean. But at this point, certainly, the Carnival recovery is a little bit ahead of that 2- to 3-year time frame that is conventional kind of thinking concerning recovery of brands that have suffered incidents.
David Bernstein: And as far as the question about the last-minute bookings, for the fourth quarter, clearly, the last-minute bookings were strong and better than we expected, particularly at Carnival Cruise Lines, which is why we exceeded the guidance. We have anticipated within our guidance for 2014 good bookings throughout the year, particularly the last minute, which is all baked into our best estimate of guidance where yields are down slightly for the year.
Arnold W. Donald: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jaime Katz from the Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you guys talk a little bit more about some of the advertising and marketing spend you guys are doing in 2014, and how you expect the cadence of that to occur? And then just any changes to your CapEx spending in the years ahead, would be helpful.
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, I'll comment on the advertising spend, to an extent, and then I'll have David comment additionally on the CapEx. Concerning advertising, in the fourth quarter, we clearly invested heavily in Carnival, but we also invested across a number of other brands to generate demand. And that is continuing into the first quarter of next year. For the full year, we'll be substantially ahead in 2014 in total advertising spend versus what we spent, say, in 2012. And we'll also have an increase over what we've spent cumulatively in 2013 as well. So we are investing more heavily broadly in advertising and promotion to stimulate demand. David?
David Bernstein: Sure. Yes, the expected CapEx for 2014 is $2.9 billion. For '15, it's $2.8 billion; and for '16, it's $2.9 billion.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Harry Curtis.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So the question I was coming back to was just your cumulative bookings. You mentioned we're still behind for the first half of 2014, and I was wondering if you could put a little more color behind that.
David Bernstein: Yes, Harry, we don't get into a lot of detail. I mean, we are a couple of -- a number of percentage points behind. A lot of this has to do with what happened throughout 2013. But in some cases, some of our brands felt that they would rather be patient. We could have moved the booking curve closer in by lowering price, but in many cases, you're better off being patient waiting, holding your price, knowing very well that the bookings will come at a higher price. So we are trying to manage that, as we always do, and hopefully, we will maximize the yields for 2014.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So at this point, you're just not -- they're close enough to last year that you're not panicking, in other words.
David Bernstein: Oh, no, no, no. It -- believe me, if -- we never let the bookings get too far behind. The -- we're always carefully managing that on a voyage-by-voyage, cabin-by-cabin category basis.
Beth Roberts: And I think it's fair to say we...
Arnold W. Donald: Beth has a comment. Go ahead.
Beth Roberts: It's fair to say we've gone up a few...
David Bernstein: Percentage points over the last 13 weeks, that's correct.
Arnold W. Donald: [indiscernible] bookings went up [ph]?
David Bernstein: Yes. Yes, the booking volumes [indiscernible] 13 weeks have been significantly better and we did catch up a few points.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then moving to my second question. Regarding Asia, can you just remind us how much capacity that you have there now and what your plans are to expand, and expectation for pricing, and kind of returns per berth versus what your other opportunities in Europe and in the Caribbean?
David Bernstein: Yes. Overall, Asia is probably about 5% of our capacity for 2014. The yields in Asia are a little bit below the overall corporate average. We have talked a lot about a continued expansion into Asia. So you'll hear more about that in the future. And as far as the returns, keep in mind that it is early and we are continuing to invest, particularly in the advertising and promotion, throughout the region. So it is fair to say that the returns in Asia at the moment aren't where we'd like them to be, but we do expect over time for them to increase and we do expect it to be a solid part of our business in the future.
Micky M. Arison: Expect to double the number [indiscernible].
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, we've sourced 0.25 million passengers and we'll be doubling that to over 0.5 million in 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So without actual quantitative yield guidance out there for 2014, you're just, at this point, saying down slightly. What are maybe the 2 or 3 swing factors that could be -- that could be a brand, that could be a specific market, that would drive those yields either to positive territory, say, 1% or 2%, or down 1% or 2%?
David Bernstein: That's a -- it's a tough question. I think the whole concept here is, as I said before, it's early, there's a lot of uncertainty. The brands are recovering. So it...
Arnold W. Donald: Pre-wave.
David Bernstein: It's pre-wave. So we're not giving a specific number, but clearly, we will have a much better indication during the wave season. And so by the time we get to March, I think we will be in a much better position because, as we've said before, that during the wave season, a big chunk of the third quarter, which as Arnold said is a lot of our profitability is booked, so we'll have a much better feel for where we are for the year when we get to March.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then on the fuel consumption side, you're forecasting that to be down again in 2014, which is pretty impressive given that, that would be 3 years in a row. So can you help us think about what's driving that consumption down, and how much more of that is to come in the future?
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, I guess, in terms of the future, we've been consistently saying that there are so many things we're working on, on the horizon. And by the way, we do have 101 ships, so not every ship have we implemented every single fuel consumption savings yet. So as the ships go into dry dock, we continue to roll out new things. And we do expect, as we've said, in the long term, 2% to 3% fuel consumption reduction each year for about as far out as we can see. We're talking 4% for next year. We did a little bit better. And these things come both in tweaking the itineraries and also in new technology that we put on board the ship. One of the things that has been a great fuel saver is -- are the air conditioning, the HVAC systems. HVAC probably represents 25% of our fuel consumption. And anybody who owns a house knows that if they install a new air-conditioning compressor versus maybe the 10- or 15-year-old one that they had in their house, they're going to save on their electric bill. Well, the same thing works true on a cruise ship. So we are -- that's part of our CapEx. We are installing those things, as well as lots of other things which create savings for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: David, maybe you can help me with a couple of quick questions. Occupancy in Q2 versus Q1, do you feel that it is ahead? Or do you -- are you -- are the brands still holding on Q2?
David Bernstein: The whole first half was behind. I didn't give any specific color by quarter, but the whole first half is -- was behind at this moment but catching up. Both quarters are catching up at this point. The bookings for both quarters are good. So that's why, instead of going through the details for each quarter, I just tried to give the whole first half summary. And it's pretty much the same for first versus second, except the first is further booked than the second at this point, which is what you would expect.
Assia Georgieva: Right. And could you quickly give us the capacity increases by quarter? And you don't have to go through North American versus the EAA, if you can just give us the quick number for the corporate total.
David Bernstein: Sure. Hang on one second. Let's see, the first quarter is 1.8%; second quarter, 4.9%; third quarter, 2.2%; third (sic) [fourth] quarter, 2.5%...
Beth Roberts: Fourth quarter.
David Bernstein: Fourth quarter, 2.5%; and the full year is 2.8%.
Assia Georgieva: Great. This is very helpful. And I will try to ask this question. It probably won't get answered. But when you use the same kind of language that Howard likes to use, down slightly, should we be thinking down 1% to 2%, or down 3% for the fiscal 2014 yields?
Micky M. Arison: You were right at the start of the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Rennardson from Jefferies.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two or 3 questions, please. Would you consider retiring more ships? And if so, how many in '14 and '15? Secondly, could you give us some idea on your initial thoughts, I know it's a long way away, but on your cost, x fuel, for '15, what sort of plans do you have there in for 2015? I'm also slightly intrigued by the wide range of the earnings forecast at $1.40 to $1.80. Why would you -- you've already said that you're behind on the historic booking curve, so what gives you the -- even the comfort to give such a wide range as that? And then finally, just could you just strip out of those CapEx numbers you gave, David, what is maintenance, what is newbuild, please?
Arnold W. Donald: Okay, concerning the first portion of the question, in terms of lay up or selling off ships, obviously, we evaluate that on an ongoing basis all the time. Clearly, we took out a Costa vessel this year. But if a vessel is not sustaining its contribution over time, obviously, we'll lay it up. And then as some vessels age, when there is a market -- and as you know, there's not a big secondary market for these ships. When there is a market, we'll divest of it. But that's an ongoing evaluation. And we look for sustained indications to make a decision, but we have no problems whatsoever laying up or discontinuing ships that are not contributing. In terms of the costs for 2015, at this point, I'd say that, obviously, we will continue with our focus on costs. We will continue to invest to stimulate demand and innovate our products to drive ticket yields and revenues because that's the bigger engine, but we will continue to focus on cost. And through the collaboration and coordination across the brands, we're expecting to show good cost performance going forward.
David Bernstein: I think, on the cost side, the only thing I'd like to add is we have said a number of times that we expect net cruise costs, excluding fuel, to be flat to half of inflation in the long term. We hope that we can do better than that, and we strive to do better than that, but that's a good starting point for guidance for '15 going forward. As far as the range is concerned, traditionally, we had given a range of, let's say, $0.20 in December. If you look back, that's where most of the years were. Because of the greater degree of uncertainty, we widened the range. And there wasn't any particular magic to the $0.40 range. Keep in mind that every percentage point on yield is $0.15. So what we're talking here is a range that maybe is a little over 2 percentage points on yield. Percentage points of cost is $0.09. So that's got to be factored in as well. But that gives you some indication. And we do feel comfortable with the range, and that's why we put it out there.
Micky M. Arison: I would also say, with the issue of having 2 brand recoveries going on and being behind in booking patterns, of how wave shakes out becomes increasingly important. And so sitting here and having to give guidance before wave is just much more difficult in this situation than it would be in a normal operating environment. So it was just a prudent decision to broaden the range.
David Bernstein: And the last question as far as the CapEx is concerned, for 2014, it's about $1.4 billion of non-newbuild. It's also $1.4 billion for 2015. And for 2016, it's about $1 billion of non-newbuild CapEx.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But just to confirm: no current plans to retire any ships in '14 or '15.
Micky M. Arison: Not making any announcements today.
Arnold W. Donald: Right. Yes, no announcements.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Conder from Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of other items here. Can you just reframe for us -- the, I think, Costa yields in 2012 were down 15%, you've stated that before. And then we had some recovery. Can you just remind us the recovery we've seen by year in Costa, and then just how the Carnival brand yields impacted for the full -- were impacted for the full year?
David Bernstein: Sure. Costa, you're right, it was down about 15% in 2012, and the recovery was 4% in 2013. And we do expect to see continued recovery in 2014. The Carnival yields, keep in mind that the first half for -- particularly the first quarter for Carnival Cruise Lines was very strong. So the yields for the year were down, like, in the mid-single digits. The back half of the year was obviously a tad higher than that.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then Arnold, you talked about multiple initiatives here, not only today but prior, and it sounds like there's more detail still coming. If we back up, and as you've had some time now to frame everything, is there any, I guess, guesstimate at this point as to what new normalized cost, x fuel, would be on a go-forward basis and, I guess, relative to where they were in '11, so pre-Concordia?
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, I would say that the comment David made earlier about keeping costs flat to half of inflation is the best guidance we can give at this point. But clearly, we're just beginning the process of building on the base of collaboration that existed across the brands and expanding on that significantly, with incentives, with processes, et cetera, in place to capitalize on it. And as we find those opportunities and execute against them, we'll share it along the way and the picture will reveal itself over time. But at this point, we do not have a new target set or anything of that sort.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, if you could give a little more color on the -- what was going on in the other North American premium brands? You called that out in your preamble, that there were a little bit of pressures there. Just a little more color on that, please.
Arnold W. Donald: Well, there is a combination of factors that have affected both Holland America and Princess. Part of it is a portion of their business is sourced from Europe, where in 2013, the consumer base was a bit weaker than it had been in the past, and significantly weaker. It's also fair to say that there has been a significant supply increase in the premium segment in some areas in recent years. And our brands were coming from an above-industry-level performance in a number of the segments they participate in and continue to be above industry in a number of the segments. So on a year-to-year comparison, I think those are some of the contributors, and there are others. At the same time, the team is working very hard to stimulate demand and improve it. And we're very pleased with the response we're seeing right now in the booking volumes. And particularly in Europe, and we're very high on our premium brands.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Scholes from SunTrust.
Charles Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: There was pretty negative investigative report out from CNN this week concerning the Triumph. I wonder if you have any type of official response to that report.
Arnold W. Donald: Well, I think the -- first of all, the language quoted on the network that did it is not from our ticket contract. They pulled some information out of context from a motion to dismiss the suit. It's a frivolous suit. We stand behind our product. We stood behind it after the Triumph incident. We immediately refunded passengers their cruise fare, we gave them a future cruise. We arranged for food and lodging and transportation. And we gave each passenger an additional $500 to cover expenses. Our ships our safe, they're sound and they're sea worthy. And we've always stood behind our product and we'll continue to do so. But it's a frivolous suit. I'm disappointed they got any airtime whatsoever. And again, even with that, it was still mischaracterized on air.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Hollins from Investec.
James Hollins - Investec Securities (UK), Research Division: Two questions from me, please. The first one is on the scrubbing technology. I was wondering if the sort of technology you're putting in now would actually erase any issues around the stricter emission control air [ph] compliance coming in, I believe, 2015. I think you've previously guided to that maybe being a $265 million extra cost in '15. I was wondering if that is now sort of lower than that. And the second one's a more generic question which you can choose to answer in any way you like, Arnold. But are the sort of changes you're putting through now -- obviously, you've been there 6 months. Are they -- should we consider them as sort of incremental changes to bring down the cost based? Or are you sort of starting a more fundamental cultural change within the group, which should see quite a few changes in the way the actual business operates?
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, I think I'll answer the latter part first, and then we'll get to your energy question. But with regard to the culture, it is a fundamental change in culture, but is building on things that the leaders in the organization were kind of doing one-off or in pairs occasionally, anyway, and that is collaborating and coordinating, okay? And so that is the culture change, though, because the brands were fiercely independent in the past and even protected information from each other. And so it's absolutely a culture change. Now in terms of the fundamental changes in how we work or the scale of targets and that sort of thing, the reality is we just have scale. So with 78 million passenger cruise days, little tiny changes adds up -- add up to significant dollars, tens and tens of millions of dollars and hundreds of millions of dollars. And so while they're small changes, they yield big impact. And by working together, communicating, collaborating, there are so many arenas that the team has already pre-identified. And as I mentioned, we're in the process of sizing those and prioritizing them from a complexity, investment required, time to realization, all your normal things you would apply to prioritize projects and go after them. So there are significant opportunities. With regards to the energy, and I'll let David make a few comments as well, but first of all, I just want to say that, absolutely, the scrubber technology helps us mitigate a lot of the emission standard costs that were referred to earlier. And in fact, with the scrubber technology, we'll be well above the emission standards without having to burn, in many instances, the higher-grade fuel, which clearly will mitigate those costs. But I think David had a couple of other comments. Go ahead, David.
David Bernstein: Yes. The testing on the scrubbers still is very positive and everything seems to be going very well. We're in the process of updating that calculation that you mentioned, where last year, we disclosed the $265 million impact. At this point, it's fair to say that more than the majority of that $265 million will disappear, so the number will be less than half, but it's a little early for me to give the exact number. It's a complicated calculation that looks at all 101 ships and looks at the itineraries in 2014 that we have out there. And we'll disclose -- some more details in our 10-K. But it's fair to say it's more than the majority will disappear.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a few questions. I guess, first on fuel costs, if you could talk about what you expect for that fuel cost per metric tonne for the full year, I think that'd be helpful. And then at the event in November, you had talked about a few things, including web traffic improving for the Carnival brand through November. I'm just curious whether that's continued into December, and if there are any corollaries to the marketing message you've been broadcasting for Carnival that are learnings that you could extrapolate to the other brands in terms of the marketing philosophy or methodology?
David Bernstein: Okay, as far as the fuel price per metric tonne, Sharon, it was in the press release. The full year is $650 per metric tonne on 3.2 million metric tonnes. So that's our fuel expense for 2014. As far as the web traffic is concerned, I personally haven't gotten an update on that. I will say that we have seen a uptick in overall web bookings from the prior year, a couple of percent. And as far as the marketing is concerned...
Arnold W. Donald: What was the question?
David Bernstein: Oh, Sharon, can you repeat the marketing question?
Arnold W. Donald: Can you repeat the marketing question, Sharon?
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes. So it seems like you've had some success with the Carnival marketing, and I'm just curious whether there are any learnings from what you've done with Carnival that could be extrapolated to the other brands?
Arnold W. Donald: I think, 2 things. One is, a little early to tell, but I would say that I think the marketing, the advertising campaign for Carnival helped all brands, ours and others in the industry as well. Even though it was, for us, Carnival-specific, it gave a general cruise message as well, and I think it helped everyone. Each of the brands have their own particular marketing approach. They are all investing heavily in that, and we expect to see good results across the brands from their individual efforts.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And just as a follow-up, David. Just so you know, I don't think that table was actually included for the full year for fuel prices and so on -- oh, wait, now I see it. Never mind.
David Bernstein: It's okay. No problem.
Arnold W. Donald: Okay, not a problem.
David Bernstein: People make that mistake once in a while.
Operator: And our last question comes from Richard Carter from Deutsche Bank.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions, please. Firstly, on marketing, do you see the step-up in marketing costs this year as recurring? Or do you see the potential for them to step back down in 2015? And then secondly, on onboard spend, is it possible -- I think it was up 4% in Q4. Can you break that down between North America and Europe? And it's obviously been improving now the last couple of quarters, and some of your competitors have seen some very strong onboard spend inflection in the last couple of quarters. So could you just talk a little bit about what's driving that as well, please, and if you can, what your expectation and outlook is on onboard spend going into '14?
Arnold W. Donald: On the marketing spend going into 2015, obviously, we'll look at the results we get in 2014. We'll make an assessment of whether pulse spending is the proper way to go in some of the brands. And so it's too -- it'd be premature now to predict exactly what would occur in 2015, but what I can assure you is that we will invest, we will learn from the investments and we'll continue to invest when we believe we can get a return for it. And so if we invest more heavily in the future, we would anticipate that it would be driving additional profits to the bottom line and, more than likely, yields as well at the ALBD level. So that would be the comment on that. Dave is trying to look up the other...
David Bernstein: On the onboard spend, overall, for 2012, we were just up 0.5%. I mean, the fourth quarter in constant dollars was up 1.2%. And I think I had said previously that the fourth quarter was driven by about a 2% increase in EAA and that was tempered by the North American yields being flat. Flat in the fourth quarter for North America was an improvement, I had indicated over the third quarter. So the trend seems to be in the right direction. Given where we were for 2013, what we built into the 2014 guidance was yields up a little over 1%. We are doing lots of different things on the onboard revenue side to booster that number up. Our operating companies, some of them, are continuing to roll out the all-inclusive drink program; the high-end photography; and other things. So we are looking to see better yields, and I hope we can beat that number.
Arnold W. Donald: I want to thank everyone for your support and interest in our company. And thank you for being on the call. A sincere happy holidays to everybody. Kelly, thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-09-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Committee David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Arnold W. Donald - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Chairman of Compensation Committee, Member of Nominating & Governance Committee and Member of Health, Environmental, Safety & Security Committee Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chairman of Carnival Plc., Director of Carnival Plc. and Chairman of Executive Committee Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Assia Georgieva Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Carnival Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, September 24, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and COO. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, Len. And good morning, everyone. This is Howard Frank. And with me today is Arnold Donald, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Micky Arison, our Chairman; and David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. We are all gathered in London, actually, for the -- today, we announce the naming of a new P&O ship, the Britannia. And there was a tremendous amount of press there and we got some great coverage. So that was a quite a nice morning for us. And later on this week, we start our business reviews, starting with the P&O brand and Cunard in the U.K. So we'll follow the usual procedures, and David Bernstein will give you some color on the third quarter. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this conference call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies, unless otherwise noted, as this is the more useful measure of business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter was $1.38. The third quarter came in $0.09 above the midpoint of our June guidance, driven by lower net cruise costs, excluding fuel. I will speak to the full year cost later, but in summary, we expect $0.05 of the $0.09 to flow through favorably as cost savings for the year; the remaining $0.04, from the timing of expenses between the third and fourth quarter, primarily for advertising, as a number of brands decided to delay some of their advertising spend from the summer months to the fall season. Our GAAP EPS for the third quarter was $1.20, which is $0.18 below our non-GAAP EPS. The GAAP EPS included $203 million or $0.26 per share of impairment charges, partially offset by $64 million or $0.08 per share of unrealized gains for our fuel derivatives program as the price of Brent increased this quarter. The impairment charges included $176 million related to 2 smaller Costa ships, 1 of which will leave service this November; as well as $27 million for Ibero's remaining trademarks and other small items. In the earnings release, you will notice that we have further refined our definition of non-GAAP earnings. Non-GAAP earnings now excludes gains and losses on ship sales and related impairments, which are classified in other ship operating expenses on our P&L. In connection with this change, net cruise cost, which is also a non-GAAP measure, will exclude these cruise-related items as well. The excluded items are clearly identified in the non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations of net cruise costs, net income and EPS located towards the back of the earnings release. It should be noted that all of the excluded items are noncash. In addition, you will see that prior-period actuals and previous guidance for non-GAAP measures have been changed to be consistent with the new definition. For example, 2012 non-GAAP EPS for the 9 months ended August 31 increased to $1.80 from $1.75. We believe it is the more meaningful -- it's more meaningful for these items to be excluded from our non-GAAP measures since gains and losses on ship sales, as well as any impairment charges, are not part of our core operating business and therefore are not an indication of our future performance. Now let's look at the third quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 3.4%. The North America brands were up 4%. The European, Australia and Asian brands, known as our EAA brands, were up 2.5%. Our total net revenue yields in the third quarter declined almost 4%, in line with our June guidance. Now let's look at the 2 components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields declined 4.6%. The North American brands were down 5.4%, primarily driven by promotional discounting at Carnival Cruise Line. Our EAA brands were down 3%, driven by declines in our Northern European brands, partially offset by increases at Costa and P&O Cruises Australia, a pattern similar to last quarter. Net onboard and other yields decreased slightly just under 1%, a trend we had anticipated in our previous guidance. Our EAA brands experienced a slight increase, which was more than offset by declines in the North American brands across most onboard categories. Net cruise costs for the quarter per ALBD, excluding fuel and now excluding the impairments under our new definition, were up 4.6% versus the prior year. This increase was better than we expected in our June guidance, as I previously mentioned. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption per ALBD declined 5% this quarter and saved us $0.04 per share versus the prior year. In summary, the third quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.15 lower than the prior year, driven by lower net revenue yields and higher cruise costs, without fuel, partially offset by capacity increases, improved fuel consumptions and currency. Now turning to our 2013 outlook. I will skip net revenue yields, as Howard will discuss that shortly. For the full year, net cruise costs, excluding fuel per ALBD, are forecasted to be up 4% versus the prior year. This is at the lower end of our previous guidance range as a result of the cost savings experienced in the third quarter that I expect to flow through to the full year. On a final note, I wanted to share with you preliminary cost guidance for next year, as there are several areas in the business we plan to invest in to improve our return on invested capital. For 2014, we expect net cruise costs, excluding fuel per ALBD, to be up in a range similar to 2013. This increase is driven by more marketing activity; investments in onboard products such as food and entertainment; higher dry-dock costs, including vessel enhancements; and various other costs and inflation, partially offset by our ongoing efforts to reduce costs. Please keep in mind that this is very preliminary. Over the next few weeks, we will be visiting each of the operating companies to review their 2014 annual plans and we'll have a much clearer picture on 2014 costs after those meetings, and we will provide detailed guidance on the December call. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David. As in our last call, I will comment separately about the continuing progress we've made at Carnival Cruise Lines and Costa Cruises. But first, let me bring you up-to-date on the last 12 weeks of bookings since the end of March. In this discussion, I've taken Carnival Cruise Lines booking information out of the mix, which I will comment on separately. As a reminder, all of the pricing information I will be discussing is using constant currency. Fleet-wide booking volume during the last 12 weeks from the end of June, covering the sale and build of the next 3 quarters, are at the same levels -- about the same levels as last year. These bookings have been at higher prices versus last year, and as I said, this excludes Carnival. For North American brands, booking volumes during this 12-week period are higher year-over-year at lower prices. And for EAA brands, booking volumes are lower at nicely higher prices. We see the EAA booking pattern as an encouraging sign, especially given the continued softness in European economies. The last 6 weeks of the 12-week period, we've seen a nice uptick in booking volumes in North America and EAA, which is also an encouraging sign. For Carnival Cruise Lines, booking volumes and pricing over the last 12 weeks are both lower year-over-year in low-single-digits and double -- and mid-double-digits range, respectively. Carnival booking volumes have also shown recent improvement and, during the last 6 weeks, are running higher year-over-year. As Carnival booking volumes steadily increase, we are expecting their cruise pricing to gradually improve over the longer term. Now I'll move to the cumulative booking status for each of the fourth quarter of 2013 and the first and second quarters of 2014. For the fourth quarter of 2013, on a fleet-wide basis, and this excludes Carnival, cumulative occupancies are lower at the same pricing levels as last year. For North American brands, excluding Carnival again, occupancies are slightly lower at slightly lower prices. Carnival Cruise Lines occupancies for the fourth quarter are lower at lower prices. For EAA brands, occupancies are lower year-over-year at slightly higher prices, reflecting the positive patterns we have experienced during the last 12 weeks. Costa brand occupancies and pricing for the fourth quarter are nicely higher. As we indicated in the press release, on a fleet-wide basis, including Carnival Cruise Lines, we are expecting fleet-wide revenue yields in the fourth quarter to be 3% or 4% lower year-over-year. North American brand revenue yields in the fourth quarter, excluding Carnival, are expected to be down slightly. Carnival Cruise Lines yields in the fourth quarter are expected to be lower in the double-digits range, and fourth quarter EAA pricing revenue yields are expected to be higher year-over-year. Turning now to the fourth -- to the first quarter of 2014. On a fleet-wide basis, pricing on bookings taken to date is higher year-over-year, with lower occupancies. For North American brands, excluding Carnival, pricing is higher on lower occupancies. Carnival Cruise Lines pricing is lower on lower occupancies. For EAA brands, pricing on bookings taken to date is flat year-over-year, at lower occupancies. Second quarter of 2014 bookings taken to date, which is still in the early stages of development. On a fleet-wide basis, excluding Carnival, pricing is slightly higher year-over-year, at lower occupancies. North American brands pricing is slightly higher, at lower occupancies. At this stage, Carnival's pricing is also higher, at lower occupancies. For EAA brands, pricing is slightly higher, at lower occupancies. As to the yield outlook for the first half of 2014, although pricing on bookings taken to date for the first half of 2014 is higher, because we are running behind on occupancies, we are expecting revenue yields will follow the usual pattern of coming down as we close out the first and second quarters. As a result, on a fleet-wide basis, for the first half of the year, we are estimating a low-single-digits decrease in revenue yields in a similar range to the lower yields we experienced in the third and fourth quarters of 2013. This expectation includes the Carnival Cruise Lines yields. North American brand yields in the first half of 2014 are expected to be lower year-over-year, and EAA brand yields are expected to be higher. We are ramping up our -- in the efforts in both North America and Europe this fall and winter and are expecting that revenue yields will turn positive in the second half of the year. Now let me just turn to the Carnival Cruise Lines. The Carnival Cruise Lines brand continues to demonstrate such resilient in the market, maintaining high occupancies albeit at lower prices. The perception and consideration survey to the Carnival brand continue to show improving trends at a faster pace than originally projected, so we are greatly encouraged by these positive signs. Yesterday, Carnival began its fall marketing with a new national and consumer advertising campaign on the back of the announcement of its new Carnival Great Vacation Guarantee program. This is one of the largest fourth quarter national marketing expense for Carnival in recent years and is designed to further accelerate the improvements we are seeing in brand perception and consideration. The increase in Carnival's consumer advertising is also expected to drive more consumers to our travel agent partners. Also as a result of recent travel agent surveys and its travel agent outreach program Carnival Conversations, Carnival has made a number of changes and improvements to its travel agent programs. This includes adding more in-house traveled -- travel in-house call center agents, new bonus commission plans, providing complimentary cabins and a variety of other changes to make it easier for travel agents to book Carnival. Also a new and simplified cabin pricing plan, also to make it easier to book Carnival is expected to be announced shortly. The response to these changes by travel agents has been very positive and we have seen a significant improvement in travel agent bookings with the introduction of these programs. So we again thank the travel agent community for their continuing support of Carnival Cruise Lines during these past year. Carnival will continue to reach out to travel agents to ensure that we maintain a strong partnership with this critically important distribution channel. Although Carnival Cruise Lines' pricing is lower than we would like, with the new national advertising campaign and the increase in marketing spend this fall and winter, we do expect to see a recovery of pricing as we cycle into the second half of 2014. Recently, Carnival got to the strategy of holding firm on pricing even if its ships sale at slightly lower occupancies. We believe this will make Carnival's pricing recovery more achievable as we move through 2014. Now turning to Costa Cruises. As most of you know, the critical phase of the Costa Concordia removal was completed last week and the present plan is to take the ship to the scrapyard next spring. We believe this is a start of a new chapter for Costa, and we expect the company's performance to continue to strengthen over the remainder of this year and throughout 2014. Brand perception surveys for Costa continue to show improvement, particularly in Italy and France, its 2 most important markets. Costa revenue yields show a nice improvement in 2013. And we are forecasting continued revenue yield increases in 2014 for Costa despite what is still a very challenging European economic environment, especially in [indiscernible]. So congratulations to Michael Thamm and the Costa management team for managing through a very, very difficult period. Let me make some concluding comments by saying while 2013 has been a challenging year for Carnival Corporation, there were many positive developments for the company that bode well for our future. We continue to be encouraged by the growth of our business in Asia. Beginning in 2014, we will have 2 fully dedicated Costa ships in the China and Southeast Asian markets, and Princess will have 1 fully dedicated ship in these markets. Princess will also have 2 ships in the Japanese market during the 2014 spring and summer season in Japan. We believe these emerging new markets for Costa and Princess offer significant growth opportunities for our business in the future. In Australia, our P&O Australia, Princess and Carnival brands are the 2 -- are the major year-round operators in Australia. P&O Australia is a market leader, and our combined brands are by far the leading cruise line companies in Australia. We are also pleased to see the turnaround for Costa in Europe, and we expect to see solid revenue growth and improved profitability for Costa in 2014. Our well-established European cruise brands Costa and AIDA in Continental Europe; P&O Cruises and Cunard in the U.K., are great franchises, and we expect the performance of our European companies to improve as the European economies begin to emerge from several years of slow or negative growth. Our European cruise companies are the market leaders in their respective countries and have maintained their presence in these markets during the difficult economic period. We believe this will position them to grow their profits more quickly as these markets emerge from recession. And coming back to the U.S. We do expect the Carnival Cruise Lines brand to begin to see a recovery in the second half of 2014 as we cycle through the events of 2013. Our 2 premium brands, Holland America and Princess, are all expected to have a solid performance in 2014. Our Seabourn brand, although small, is performing extremely well. So to sum it all up, we have a great -- we have great cruise brands all over the world, and we are excited about our future. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Arnold. Arnold?
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you, Howard. And hello, everyone. I have, I guess, nearly 3 months under my belt with the on-boarding process, so that process is well underway. We've just completed in-depth reviews with each of our leadership teams to look back over the past 5 years in each of our businesses and key corporate departments. I've also visited with our leadership teams in each of their own markets, including Australia; U.K.; Continental Europe; as well as our U.S.-based operations, both on the West Coast and, of course, in Miami. As well, I visited China to see our emerging market opportunity there first hand, and I can say I am very impressed with the commitment, the dedication and hard work that has been accomplished and can affirm that we have solid leadership talent in place. This process of on-boarding has also included spending some time with our travel agent partners to better understand how they see us relative to our peers and how we can support them in their very important role engaging with the media to provide proper context. And we're confident that -- when armed with more information and more personal experiences with cruising, that we can gain more balance in the press over time. I've been spending time with our shoreside and shipboard employees, gaining an understanding of the challenges our team members face in delivering that great guest experience. And importantly, our valued guests, I've spent time with, which has allowed me a practical feel for the guest experience to complement the quantitative data and market research to gain deeper insight. Having gained these perspectives, I believe we have an opportunity to stimulate demand and drive yield improvements, starting with gaining a better understanding of the consumer by further investing in research to better identify vacation purchase decisions, sharpening the focus on product attributes consumers are willing to pay for, differentiating our brands to better attract our targeted guests and, once onboard, taking the exceptional vacation that we deliver to our guests today to the next level. And in doing so, we can generate the word of mouth that is most significant -- is the most significant driver of attracting first-time cruisers. On the cost side, I believe we have tremendous opportunities to use our scale more effectively through collaboration across our brands, these add synergies, some of which we've already have achieved, but there's plenty more opportunities ahead. I cruise, myself. I have for years, even before I joined the board. I love the product and I have no doubt we will be able to generate better returns than we do today. I feel much better positioned now to be effective in our upcoming plan meetings beginning later this week and expect to be fully up to speed by December and begin to make some meaningful contributions toward any shareholder value. Thank you, all. And with that, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Howard, starting with you, just if we could just talk about your -- the outlook for next year. You gave us good color for the first half, appreciate that, and also appreciate kind of your comments on the second half. What I'm wondering, where you said that the yields would turn positive. I'm just wondering if, overall, do you think you could report a 2014 yield increase that's better than flat year-over-year? And I know it's early, but I am asking.
Howard S. Frank: It's early. I feel that -- at some risk, I think we kind of gave first half yield outlook because it was going to be down. We do expect to see a turn in the third and fourth quarters to a positive yield, but I would hesitate to put any kind of numbers on it right now. I think we need to go through the next couple of months, go through the business plans, and we'll have a much better feel for it -- this is based on -- as David said at the start of his comments, it's based on very, very early information from the brands. So we need to refine it and get it better. But we wanted to get the guidance on the first half now at least from a yield standpoint because we were concerned that people didn't understand what was happening in the business.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In the first half lower yields -- the first half yields which are going to be lower year-over-year, similar to the second half of '13, I mean, is that mainly just driven by still Carnival? Or is there anything else that's driving that?
Howard S. Frank: Well, it's definitely driven largely by Carnival, yes. I mean, I -- we expect positive yields on the EAA side. So the other 2 brands are solid, so we expect most of it to be a Carnival challenge, maybe a little bit. I can't recall exactly, but I think maybe a little bit on some of the other brand, but not much.
David Bernstein: I think one of the things, when you look at the first half of 2014 versus the back half of 2013, while we say as they're similar declines, they are made up a little bit different. Both Carnival and Costa are improving, but what you'll see happening is Costa is not improving as much as it did in the back half of '13, and therefore, you're kind of coming out at a similar amount. Although both Costa and Carnival are improving, Carnival is not down as much and Costa is not up as much as it was in the back half.
Arnold W. Donald: And actually, Carnival compared to the first half of this year, 2013, is a tough comparison because the events happen subtly [ph] so we'll be comparing first half next year of Carnival to first half this year. And that's a tough comparison given the fact, Carnival, we're not yet fully recovered there...
Howard S. Frank: And then we did -- when we said they're improving, they're improving from the prior quarters.
Micky M. Arison: On the prior quarters.
Arnold W. Donald: Yes.
Micky M. Arison: And it's also consistent with what we said last quarter. It didn't seem like anybody was -- took it hard. But it is consistent with what we said last quarter.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. David, just a quick cost question. Thank you for the color you gave us on why it's going to increase next year probably more than we expected. But if we back out all of the initiatives and the dry docks and the things that you talked about, does the underlying cost profile look similar to how you have typically fund the business?
David Bernstein: Well, I think next year is a little bit unique. The things that we were talking about, there were some onetime costs this year that -- relating to the Carnival tribe that don't repeat themselves next year. But we do have quite a few dry docks next year. They're longer in length because of the vessel enhancements. That is costing us something. And we talked about the increased advertising expense, which is an investment that we hope will wind up with better yields in the back half of next year. There are other investments that we're making in the food and entertainment and the product. There are a few other things, insurance premiums, crew air costs, investments in sales forces and other things that we think are worthwhile that we're looking at. But again, these are all very preliminary. And we've got a lot of discussions to do with the operating companies before we can give you a final number. But these are some of the things that they're proposing.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of clarifications. I'm just thinking about rate of recovery and things for more than just the Costa brand, but I'm curious for Costa in the third quarter. Was the yield increase just in occupancy recovery, or was there also ticket price improvement for the Costa brand in Q3? That's one question. And then the commentary you gave about first half, I -- you said North American yields would be down in the first half, and I just wanted to clarify, was that including or excluding the Carnival brand for first half yields?
Howard S. Frank: I think the cost -- do you want to go first?
Micky M. Arison: The Costa yields.
Beth Roberts: The Costa brand's in the third quarter was mostly occupancy led. We are projecting that the fourth quarter will be a combination of occupancy and pricing.
Howard S. Frank: And the North American yield outlook that I provided was -- includes Carnival.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And if you excluded the Carnival brand in the -- would North American yields in the first half be up excluding Carnival?
Howard S. Frank: I didn't give that information.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And it's not something, I guess, that's, I guess, you would want to give [ph].
David Bernstein: It's a little early.
Arnold W. Donald: [indiscernible]
Howard S. Frank: It's too early, Robin. We try to give a -- based on preliminary information both on a yield and cost side, we're trying to give some directional information out. We'll go through the numbers in the next couple of months with the business guys and get a better sense. And they'll have a better sense of it as well, and then it will [indiscernible].
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I can appreciate that you're trying to give guidance and want to give it as much but not give more than you have visibility for. I guess the reason I was asking for the clarification is I'm trying to think about whether it's mostly the Carnival brand issues that are hurting North American yields. And so, I guess, would you say that the -- if it's still a question mark for sort of the North American brands, excluding Carnival? Is it still primarily related to, like, the Carnival brand's issues that affecting the others? Or I'm just trying to get a sense of if there's some other factor that we're not thinking of that may be impacting those other brands. Or would you say, even if it's not the Carnival brand itself, it's still the impact of those issues affecting the other brands?
Howard S. Frank: Well, what I've said is that both Princess and Holland America are going to have solid performances in 2014. What we don't know -- when we all focus on yields, you may get the wrong piece of information because there's so much mix elements in terms of moving itineraries around, making investments in new markets and so on, that can be affecting it. So I -- we can give you much better guidance on this in the December call, but we don't really have that information right now.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just a couple of questions for Arnold. One is, when do you expect to finalize your contract? What kind of metrics might you be looking for in your own contract? And when can we look for some sense of where that's all going? And then secondly, you mentioned that there might be some opportunities for expense reduction. While well aware that, with almost 100 ships, that can take some time, do you think about that as a multiyear process? Or are there immediate expense reductions that you might be able to talk about in December?
Arnold W. Donald: Okay, Steve, concerning the contract, I suspect that will be finalized at the upcoming board meeting in October. And then at that time, we can -- coming out of that, we can talk about metrics for next year. This year, the metrics are well established in the compensation plans. And I own those, along with the rest of the leadership team, for this year. I think they've been publicly discussed before. Concerning -- what was your second question?
Howard S. Frank: Expense reduction.
Arnold W. Donald: Oh, the expense reduction, yes. I think, certainly, there are opportunities immediately that, under Howard's direction and Micky's, people are already working on. And so we have been realizing cost savings for some time and will continue to do so in terms of immediate opportunities. And then as we look at it and look at our total spend and the opportunity to leverage across the brands, I think there will be opportunities, additional opportunities, for cost savings. But that's what we're going to review in these plans coming up and, then subsequent to me hearing all of those and meeting with the rest of the leadership team, to identify some targets. And we'll be in a better position to talk about that in the coming months.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So I was interested in your effort to sell or lay-up a couple of Costa ships. Is there a broader plan here to at least begin reducing capacity?
Micky M. Arison: Yes, I think that we've said for some time that, part of the plan that the new building capacity that we'd contracted for, part of it was replacement capacity, and that it was our intention to sell off older smaller ships, less-efficient ships. In this particular case, though, it got to the point where, because the second-hand market is so weak, that we now considered laying ships up or selling them at very low price, or even scrap. And so because of that, we took the decision. In fact, one of the Costa ships that we've written down is being laid up this fall. And the other one, a final decision hasn't been taken, but she's clearly on the market for sale. So we're trying to move more aggressively to move out this older tonnage.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you give us a sense of what percentage of your fleet could be considered for moving it out?
Micky M. Arison: Well, the -- one of the problems we have is, except for these 2 ships, all the rest contributes. So -- but obviously, we're taking a hard look at everything. But no, I can't -- yes, one of the problems is, of course, because it's smaller capacity, in the overall scheme things, 1 new building is 3x or 4x or 5x the size of 1 ship that we scrap or sell.
Howard S. Frank: Harry, keep in mind, these 2 ships were ships that we never -- we didn't build. These are ships that came through the acquisition of Costa or another brand that we probably wouldn't have built there -- which we would not have built because of their sizes. So they were smaller ships, and during low-yielding periods, like we're in right now for Costa, they don't, they're not generating positive cash flows, so we've decided to either write them down or sell them, scrap them.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And my second question is -- goes back to Steve's question, but it's perhaps a little bit broader. For Arnold, what -- I'm just wondering, what are some of the broader initiatives that you're considering? There has been some discussion about the centralization of resources, which could be an interesting source of cost savings. And then the second question is, and this is really for Micky, do you -- is it -- what is your perspective on giving Arnold enough of a rein to actually execute some of these changes?
Micky M. Arison: Well, I know, I think that...
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, go ahead.
Micky M. Arison: [indiscernible] going first. Arnold has full authority, for being in the board, to do and to recommend to the board whatever he feels is the right way to go. And while I'm happy to assist him and give him whatever advice he needs, my focus is only to do whatever I can to make him mutually successful. So if he feels strongly that he wants to go in any particular direction, I will support him 100%. So to him, it's a clean slate, and I'm sure he's looking at it that way. And I'm as interested as you are to see where we go from here.
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, first of all, Micky has given me total freedom of flexibility and he's been extremely supportive. I'd be foolish not to take advantage of all of his experience and time in the business, and certainly we'll continue to do that, but I feel no constraint whatsoever at an operating level. He's an outstanding delegator and he definitely stands behind his people, and so I'm very, very comfortable in doing what we need to do. But it is still premature. And so we have upcoming plan meetings and has the rest of the process here for me. And then I'll meet with the leadership team and we'll align around the best way forward. I don't imagine any big, dramatic changes, but obviously, there'll be some changes and we'll discover those together as we finish up through the plan process and then meet with the leadership team right after that. In terms of the overall opportunity, though, it's not so much centralization or decentralization and all of that. The reality is obviously we have scale. Today, if you rolled up -- the other publicly traded cruise companies and perhaps if you roll them all up, their net income would not equal what ours is even in this period. And so we have a tremendous advantage of scale with 10 very powerful brands. And leveraging that in all ways, both from a revenue-generating way as well as cost management way, bodes well for our future. And we have opportunity to do that and we will find the most effective ways to do that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of clarifications. You said that you've seen trends improve in both the Costa and the Carnival brands. So just again to clarify, you're -- the Carnival brand pricing has stabilized, you're saying, but obviously at lower year-over-year levels. That would be question one. And then I think you made a statement that you've made a decision with the Carnival brand to hold price with the willingness to sacrifice some occupancy. Can you kind of comment the decision to do that? Because I think, post the Costa Concordia accident, you may -- you wanted to do that and then you said, "Wait, that's not the right -- what we need to be doing." And you've reversed course and dropped price to gain occupancy. So just maybe compare and contrast those 2 decisions with those brands.
Howard S. Frank: Okay, Tim, I'll -- what I -- on the Carnival comments, with our Carnival brand and Costa, indeed a very -- their improvements are very, very different because Costa is well on its way, 18 months later from their incident, to start to show year-over-year improvements in yield, which we experienced in 2013. We'll continue to experience for the yield improvements in 2014. Carnival is much more in the formative stages of recovery. So early stages of recovery. So what we're seeing in the Carnival brand is continuing increases in volumes. They fell considerably behind on occupancy, so in order to stimulate -- as you know, in order to stimulate demand, we put lower prices out there to get the booking volumes up. And we've seen a good response to that, especially in the last 12 weeks and the last 6 weeks and so on. But there's still considerable catch-up to do. So when you're thinking of catch-up, you're not quite sure, "Are things are -- is pricing stable?" It's hard exactly to say because pricing is so dynamic day to day. But I wouldn't -- I don't know that I have an answer to that, but clearly, we're seeing significant improvement in demand recently. And I think, with the new marketing going out right now, plus the outreach program for the travel agents, we've seen some nice upticks on our various distribution channels, so -- and the number of hits we're getting on our websites and so on. So it's a very -- we're seeing very positive trending right now. That will -- it will take time for that to translate into improved pricing, and hopefully we'll start to see that in the second half of the year of 2014. I'll let Carnival (sic) [Arnold] comment on the pricing occupancy on Carnival.
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, in terms of the holding price, that's -- we're open-minded about different pricing approaches and the world constantly changes and evolves. And so we are doing some testing in Carnival now to see if holding the price on certain itineraries can break a cycle of some of our repeat guests from waiting till the last minute to book thinking they're going to get a better price. When these issues happen, like at Triumph, or whatever, the real pressure is on the new to cruise. Most of those people who have cruise extensively, they continue to cruise, they're not taken aback by these events. And certainly, there are a lot of brand loyalists because there's actually not as much overlap between the brands with repeat guests as some people might think. So the real issue is the new to cruise, and then there's pressure there. And so we're now going to experiment a bit and see if there's ways we can accelerate the full pricing recovery. And that's one of the things the Carnival brand opted for in the fourth quarter, it was on certain itineraries, to test that.
Micky M. Arison: Can I just add? Because I believe the question was inaccurate. The decision at Costa was to hold price and not buy and filling [ph] the ships for a couple of quarters. And we did that for a few quarters. And then as the perception of the brand started to improve, this strategy started to change. So it's not that we changed at all. But certainly, we did go a couple of quarters, with significant below full occupancy at Costa. And the fact is, right now, Carnival's talking about going a quarter or 2 or whatever and leaving some cabins if necessary. The good thing, by the way, as part of their Carnival Conversations program, they've been able to use these cabins for travel agents, which is fantastic because the agents get to see the upgraded Fun Ship 2.0 product and hopefully encourages them to sell more in the future. So that could be a win-win as well.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And one last question related to the Caribbean. Granted there are different dynamics between what the Carnival brand and what your competitors are doing, but collectively, Caribbean capacity from the whole industry is increasing. How do you see -- I guess, a better way to ask the question is, how do you see the Caribbean pricing with what your competitors are doing relative to the non-Carnival brands in your fleet?
Micky M. Arison: They did increase in Caribbean as in the second half, is there?
Beth Roberts: [indiscernible] in the quarter, which we don't have much visibility [indiscernible] at this time.
Micky M. Arison: It's just too early.
Howard S. Frank: It's too early to say, Tim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva from Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Congratulations on the [indiscernible] project. That was quite fantastic to watch, and I'm happy that it turned out well. One quick question on Caribbean pricing and one follow on Tim's line of questioning. It seems that, during Q3, the Carnival brand had recovered somewhat. Do you expect to see any last-minute improvement in pricing? Or do you expect to actually lower pricing?
Howard S. Frank: I guess, when you say the Carnival brand recovered, you mean in terms of volumes, higher demand. Is that...
Arnold W. Donald: Pricing.
Assia Georgieva: In terms of pricing, because I can't crack your database so I can't know volume.
Howard S. Frank: No, I don't know the exact answer, but I would say, generally, there's quite a bit of catch-up to do on getting back to historically higher occupancies for Carnival before they can start to move the pricing. So I think that's going to take a while. Exactly the difference between Q3 and Q4 and Q1 of 2014, it's hard to say right now, other than on an absolute basis. But clearly, if we continue -- if they continue to run these large volumes, and we're very encouraged by with everything else that's going on in the marketplace for them right now, it's a very positive sign. But likely, we don't expect to see positive yield year-over-year improvement until the third and fourth quarter of...
Micky M. Arison: We you do have a natural third quarter phenomenon that, families, a pre-school family that haven't made vacation plans have postponed it because of the economy or whatever, come into the market very often late. And so there tends to be, in the third quarter, this natural push for vacations and particularly family vacations. And so Carnival being a very, very big family brand, we'll see a natural push. But that disappears once school's back in, and -- in the fall and the demographics changes in the fall. So you could see it, something in the third quarter that may not translate to the fourth.
Assia Georgieva: And Micky, that is very helpful. And basically, I was asking the question whether that can translate into Q4 or Q1 given how important the Caribbean is in those 2 quarters.
Micky M. Arison: Well, in Q1, we have a different phenomenon. In Q1, it starts getting cold, November, December, and you start getting the snow hurdles. And so you do have certain demand criteria in Q1 that might help you last minute. That doesn't tend to be there in Q4. Q4 is always the most -- historically for 40 years, it's been the toughest quarter of the year. And it is in good times and bad times. Even in good times, Q4 tends to be tough. But Q1, the challenge, of course, is all the capacity that comes from Alaska and from Europe to the Med to -- sorry, to the Caribbean. There's a massive increase in capacity every year, but there isn't that massive increase in demand from the cold weather. And hopefully, we'll get a nice cold snap early this year and helps our Caribbean first quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you guys remind us what percentage of capacity is booked at this point for the first and second quarter, just so we could think about what sort of improvement you might get from your advertising exposure in the rest of the year? And then can you also talk about what sort of advertising channels you might be thinking of using if you're targeting more travel agents or consumers, and how that's split up?
David Bernstein: As far as the percentage that are booked, the numbers, the ranges that we generally talk about are, for the next quarter which would be the fourth quarter, will be 85% to 95% booked; the second quarter out, which is the first quarter, 50% to 70%; and then the second quarter, which is 3 quarters out, 30% to 50% booked. And we have indicated recently that we're at the lower end of those ranges as far as booking patterns are concerned.
Howard S. Frank: On the advertising channels, I mean, we use all -- right now, we're using all our advertising to -- we're on national TV with the Carnival -- with the new Carnival campaign, but we're also going to do more consumer print. We do -- we're now back into trade magazines. We're doing radio as well. We're doing local TV, we're doing local radio. I mean, it -- we're all over the...
David Bernstein: Princess recently started a new program where they're advertising on the mall directories as well. They think that's a good spot for them. So as Howard said, we're all over.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, so it's pretty much as it has been in the past. I thought maybe there was just a change in -- getting in front of people, maybe.
Micky M. Arison: No, there has been significant changes. We haven't been on national TV in a long time. I don't know how many years, but many, many years we haven't been on national TV, and never been in this kind of levels in the fall. We have been out of trade advertising for a while, and we're back in trades. So -- and I don't recall that we did that much radio. So our focus the last few years has really been Internet search, direct mail, email, that kind of advertising. Now we're back in virtually all media.
David Bernstein: And I think [indiscernible] we had also upped the amount of investment in advertising as well from the fourth quarter. So the total spend and the total level of activity has increased.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was just wondering how temporary some of these cost increases are for next year. You talked about a step up in marketing and advertising, more agents for dry docks. Could any of those actually reverse in 2015 so we can sort of think about next year as like a sort of transition year in terms of costs?
David Bernstein: It's very early to say. I mean, there are some possibilities. The dry docks are significantly longer because of the vessel enhancement. But as I mentioned, and the advertising is a function of the effectiveness of the ads and the yield increases that we get from it. There are some things, like insurance premiums which, hopefully over time, maybe we can work our way back down, but the investments in the products and a few of the other things are very possible that they're more permanent. So it's a mixed bag, but it's very early to say at this point which -- how much of the total increase would be permanent.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then the other question, just in terms of the shape of the yields in the first half, just to give us a feeling for the trajectory. I think, Arnold, you said, given the tougher comps for Carnival, it sounds like Q1 is going to be worse than Q2. Is that sort of fair? And can you give us a sort of rough flavor of the difference, please?
David Bernstein: I think he said the...
Howard S. Frank: Are you talking about yields, Jamie?
David Bernstein: Yields...
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes.
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, yes. He's talking perhaps [ph] directionally. [indiscernible] is correct, yes.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And for Q2, it would still be negative, as well as Q1?
David Bernstein: That is correct.
Arnold W. Donald: Most --- more than likely, yes.
David Bernstein: The -- keep in mind that we -- the Triumph occurred last February. And then we had the Carnival Dream in March. And so it's really, most of the second quarter was booked. And as a result, it's more difficult comparisons in the first act -- or the second quarter than the back half of next year. So [indiscernible].
Operator: Mr. Frank, it appears that there are no further questions at this time.
Howard S. Frank: Okay, thank you, all, very much for listening in. Beth will be available for follow-on calls after we hang up. We wish everybody a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you, and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-06-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Committee Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Carnival Plc and Chief Executive Officer of Carnival Plc Arnold W. Donald - Director, Chairman of Compensation Committee, Member of Health, Environmental, Safety & Security Committee and Member of Nominating & Governance Committee David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division Assia Georgieva Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nicholas Thomas - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, June 25, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and COO. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, Andre. Good morning, everyone. With me this morning is Micky Arison, our Chairman and CEO, at least he'll be the CEO until sometime this early July; along with Arnold Donald, who is also here this morning on the call. And Arnold, of course, as you know from the announcement, will be our CEO beginning sometime in early July. David Bernstein and Beth Roberts are also with me as well. And let's start this morning off with some comments by Micky in terms of the changes that have been made. Micky?
Micky M. Arison: Thank you, Howard. Most of you will have seen the organizational announcement that we released this morning. I just want to make a few brief comments to reinforce what was said in the statement. I have decided, and the board has agreed, that this is a good time to split the roles of Chairman and CEO for Carnival Corp. I'm not going anywhere. I will remain Chairman, and my plan is to continue in that role for the foreseeable future. You can be assured that I will continue to do everything I can to add value to all our shareholders and in fact, to all our stakeholders. I am very committed to the continued success of the company and all of its brands. I will work closely with the board and our management team to guide the next phase of our growth, and I'm excited about the future. I will continue to dedicate my experience and my energy to it. I've been discussing this with the board for some time now, and we have had a robust transition plan in place, with a deep bench of excellent internal executives in our brands and corporate functions, plus a very strong group of individuals on our board. So we were well positioned to make this decision. We announced today that our board member, Arnold Donald, will become CEO starting next month. I believe Arnold is the best person for this job. He has been an asset to the -- he will be an asset to the future of this organization, and I'm very pleased that he's agreed to take on this role and will drive the company to the next level.  Howard, our Vice Chairman and COO, will continue in that role. He will continue to bring his many years of experience to the operation of the company, and he and I will work closely with Arnold to generate the growth and performance that everyone expects from our company. As stated in our release, Arnold's experience, qualifications make him well suited for the CEO role. He has a unique combination of board-level knowledge of our company and personal experience building and leading successful businesses. I know he will be successful in his new role as CEO. Many of you will have a chance to meet him in the coming weeks and months. And I'd like to invite Arnold to make a few statements.
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you, Micky, and good morning, everyone. As you all know, Micky is a great leader, and in collaboration with Howard, you've witnessed him build with his team the largest and most successful leisure travel business in the world. And I'm personally honored and I'm very enthused to have the opportunity to join and operationally lead the team here at Carnival in our next stage of growth. My experiences in operating businesses and as a board member certainly gives me the appreciation that it will be very necessary for me to spend some time getting into much greater depth on the company's operations, finance, marketing and strategy, but I am optimistic for an accelerated onboarding process and being able to make a contribution as CEO relatively quickly, thanks to having the advantage of some level of understanding of the company from my governance role in many years of close observation. I know a lot of the key people in this organization well, having seen them present at board meetings and other reviews for board members and having spent time with them personally concerning their roles and their points of view. Those experiences give me strong confidence that Carnival Corporation & plc has a great team, excellent fundamentals as a business, a very bright future, and we are well equipped to address over time any challenges facing our industry. I'm looking forward to helping -- to more profitably, consistently deliver on our promise of an exceptional, joyful vacation experience at a great value as perceived by our 10 million plus passengers yearly, reinforcing our company's strength, expanding globally the appeal of our Carnival lines and over time driving our return of invested capital at higher levels. I'm very much looking forward to meeting with our investors, our policymakers, our business partners around the world in the next several months, and I want to assure you that I expect to be accountable, that I believe as the current management team does, in transparency and responsiveness when it comes to important relationships our company has. And I'm very much again looking forward for the chance to meet with you over time. I'm fully committed to creating value for our investors and all the stakeholders that Carnival serves, and I'm very eager to start in the next few days. Thank you.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, Arnold. This is Howard, again. Let me -- let's go back to the usual format, and David will take you through the color for the second quarter. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that as some of our remarks on this conference call will be forward looking, I will refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies unless otherwise noted as this is a much more useful measure of business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter was $0.09 per share. The second quarter came in $0.03 above the midpoint of our May guidance, driven primarily by the timing of SG&A expenses between second quarter and the remainder of the year. Now let's look at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 1%. The Europe, Australia and Asia brands, known as our EAA brands, were up 4.6%, driven by increases in AIDA and Costa, while our North American brands were down 1% as a result of more dry-dock days in the second quarter compared to the prior year. Our total net revenue yields in the second quarter declined almost 2%. Now let's look at the 2 components of net revenue yields. Our net ticket yields declined 2.7%. Our EAA brands were down 3.8%, driven by declines in Northern European brands, partially offset by increases at Costa and P&O Cruises Australia. The North American brands were down 1.8%, driven primarily by promotional discounting at Carnival Cruise Lines. Net onboard and other yields increased 0.5%. The small increase in net onboard and other yields that we saw in the first quarter continued in the second quarter. On the cost side, net cruise cost per available lower berth day, excluding fuel, were up almost 9% versus the prior year. This increase was slightly less than we expected in our May guidance. The 9% increase from last year was driven by Carnival Triumph's repair costs, non-recurrence of last year's one-time litigation and other settlements, incremental insurance costs and more dry-dock days compared to the prior year. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption for available lower berth day declined almost 6% this quarter, which is much more than we had anticipated earlier in the year and saved us $0.05 per share versus the prior year. Fuel savings this quarter -- fuel prices this quarter were down almost 10% versus the prior year, which saved us an additional $0.08 per share. In summary, the second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.11 lower than 2012 earnings of $0.20 per share, driven by higher net cruise costs without fuel, lower net revenue yields, which were partially offset by lower fuel expenses. During the second quarter, we took the opportunity to increase our fuel derivative coverage. We now have 0 cost collars to protect our P&L against fuel price spikes for about 40% of our consumption for the remainder of 2013 through 2016, and 25% for 2017. In addition, during the second quarter, we also took the opportunity to narrow the foreign sealing bands on a few of our outstanding collars. In our earnings press release, you can see the complete list of our current derivative position for each year. Now turning to our 2013 outlook. I will skip the net revenue yields as Howard will discuss that shortly. For the full year, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, for ALBD are forecasted to be up 3.5% to 4.5% versus the prior year. This is the same as our interim May guidance, about 1 percentage point higher than our March guidance, driven by increased selling and administrative expenses as certain of our brands expect to increase their marketing spend in the back half of 2013. On a final note, for 2013, at the midpoint of our guidance range, we expect our cash from operations to be $2.7 billion, and our net capital investment is forecasted to be $2.1 billion. At $0.25 per share, our regular quarterly dividend represents $775 million of cash being returned to shareholders on an annual basis. Therefore, we expect that cash from operations will cover substantially all of our CapEx and our regular quarterly dividend. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David. I will comment separately on the call about the progress we made at Carnival Cruise Lines and Costa Cruises, but first let me bring you up to date on the last 11 weeks of bookings since the end of March. For this discussion, I've taken Carnival Cruise Lines' bookings information out of the mix, which I'll also comment on separately. All of the pricing information I will be discussing is using constant currencies. Fleet-wide bookings during the last 11 weeks, from the end of March covering the next 3 quarters, are running higher year-over-year at higher prices, and as I said, this excludes Carnival. The North American brands' bookings and pricing during this 11-week period are higher. And for EAA brands, bookings and pricing are also higher versus the prior year. We see the EAA booking pattern as a particularly encouraging sign, especially given the continued softness in European economies. Our Carnival Cruise Lines' bookings and pricing over the last 11 weeks are both lower year-over-year in a high-single-digits, low-double-digits range, respectively. During the last 6 weeks, there has been a gradual improvement in Carnival's booking volumes and pricing, and we are hopeful that this trend will continue. With the successful reintroduction of the Carnival Triumph in Galveston 2 weeks ago, we believe this will serve as a bottoming inflection point, and we are expecting Carnival's Cruise Lines pricing to gradually improve over time. Regular booking is down by major trades as in -- for North America brands, Caribbean itinerary booking volumes for the last 11 weeks covering the next 3 quarters, and this excludes Carnival, are slightly lower year-over-year at slightly higher prices. Alaska bookings, again excluding Carnival, are significantly higher at lower prices. And European itinerary bookings for North America brands, and this, of course, excludes Carnival as well, are slightly lower at nicely higher prices. By major trades for EAA brands, European itinerary booking volumes, and that's approximately 60% of EAA capacity, are significantly higher at higher prices, a very encouraging sign. Caribbean itinerary volumes for EAA brands, which are just under 10% of EAA capacity, are running behind last year but also at nicely higher prices. Now let me comment on the cumulative booking status for each of the third, fourth quarters of 2013 and Q1 of 2014. For the third quarter, on a fleet-wide basis at the present time, occupancies are slightly behind last year at slightly lower prices. North American brand occupancies, and this excludes Carnival, are slightly behind at flattish pricing. Alaska pricing is behind last year, and North American brand -- European itinerary pricing is higher versus last year. Carnival Cruise Lines' pricing is lower on all of its major itineraries versus last year. EAA brand occupancies for the third quarter, which are largely in Europe trades, are slightly behind last year at lower pricing. Occupancies for our Asian and Australian businesses are nicely higher year-over-year, with slightly higher pricing. The performance of Costa in China is particularly encouraging given the doubling of its capacity in Asia during the quarter. As we said in the press release for the third quarter, we are forecasting revenue yields to be lower by 3.5% to 4.5%. If we take Carnival out of that mix, revenue yields will be lower in the 1.5% to 2.5% range. For the fourth quarter on a fleet-wide basis, excluding Carnival, cumulative occupancies are slightly lower at slightly lower pricing for North American brands. Excluding Carnival again, occupancies are lower at higher prices. Carnival Cruise Lines' occupancies for the fourth quarter are also lower at higher prices -- slightly higher prices. For EAA brands, occupancies are flattish year-over-year at lower prices. Costa brand occupancies for the fourth quarter are nicely higher at lower prices. This is the first time during the last several quarters that Costa has been ahead of the closer end booking curve this early in the booking process. We read this as a very positive sign and are expecting Costa to have a nice increase in revenue yields in the fourth quarter. For the first quarter of 2014, data is very preliminary but the picture shows that on a fleet-wide basis, and this includes Carnival, occupancies are lower year-over-year at higher prices. North American brands occupancies, again including Carnival, are lower year-over-year at nicely higher prices. EAA brands occupancies are also lower at slightly higher prices, but this information is early, and I wouldn't read too much into it. Now let me just make some separate comments about the Carnival Cruise Lines brand, if you will. The impact of the ship incidents earlier this year on the Carnival brand has resulted in Carnival having to make a significant reduction in its profit forecast for the remainder of this year. Carnival-forecasted year-over-year profit decline is estimated to have a $0.50 per share effect on the company's year-over-year results. Of this, approximately $0.27 is primarily due to lower revenue yields, $0.16 results from lost sailings and repair costs relating to the Carnival Triumph refurbishment, increase costs for Carnival's vessel enhancement programs, and a higher planned marketing spend in the second half of the year for Carnival Cruise Lines amounted to $0.07 a share. And that builds to the $0.50 decline in year-over-year results. As I said earlier, we do believe a successful reintroduction of the Carnival Triumph early this month, together with the ship enhancements, will be made -- will be the catalyst for the Carnival turnaround. I should add that the Carnival brand is very resilient, with a very large number of past guests that understand the great fun experience and value of a Carnival vacation. Almost 4.5 million guests sail with Carnival every year and have a great vacation. We are confident that as time passes, this brand will come back stronger than ever. Having said that, our advisers are saying that the recovery will be gradual, and it will take 2 to 3 years for the Carnival brand to fully recover. But the good news is that it appears that the recovery has started. Based on recent surveys, consumer perception of the brand has significantly improved since the incidents back in March, and we expect this trend to continue once confidence builds back in the brand. We will need to cycle through a full year before we begin to see positive pricing comparisons, which should begin in the second half of 2014. I also want to take this moment to thank the travel agent community for their support of Carnival Cruise Lines during this period. Travel agents know that Carnival provides great fun-packed vacations to a wide spectrum of consumers, families, adults, adult couples, singles and retirees and at very affordable prices. Many of our travel agent partners have been very supportive of Carnival during this challenging period, and for that, we are very grateful. On the other side of the Atlantic, Costa Cruises' market recovery continues. The company is forecasting a return to profitability this year from a loss in 2012. Michael Thamm has made a number of changes to the management team, and we are starting to see the results of those efforts. The perception of the brand in the Italian market, which is its largest market, has significantly improved from last year and continues to trend in a positive direction. Recent year-over-year booking volumes and pricing have been strong, and it appears that the cost to recovery is well underway. Of course, a major challenge in Europe right now is the weakened economies, especially in Italy and Spain, but we still expect to grow year-over-year revenue yields for Costa in 2013. Second quarter revenue yields for Costa were higher year-over-year as David mentioned, and we expect Costa revenue yields for the third and fourth quarters to also be higher. From an overall perspective, while the year 2013 is disappointing for our company, we believe the worst is over, and a gradual recovery to our business is starting to build. In North America, our premium and luxury brands will have a solid performance in 2013. However, it is clear that more needs to be done to strengthen consumer demand for taking cruise vacations. So beginning in the second half of the year, we are planning to increase marketing spend across all North American brands and expect this to continue into 2014. Let me bring you up to date on several recent management changes at the company. Roger Frizzell joined us just yesterday as a Senior VP of Corporate Communications. Roger will be very helpful to us in working in our media relations, as well as developing a corporate communications plan. Roger joins Carnival after a very successful track record at several major companies, including Pacific Gas and Electric, American Airlines, Hewlett-Packard and AT&T. Captain David Christie has also joined the corporate management team as a Senior Vice President, Maritime Quality Assurance. David was instrumental in establishing our CSMART simulated training facility in Almere in the Netherlands and is leading the effort on behalf of the corporation to build our new global training facility, which will also be located in the Netherlands. This new training facility will include 5 bridge and 4 engine room simulators, as well as additional training and classroom facilities for our ship and shore-side staff. We believe this new Carnival education and training center of excellence will be the largest and most comprehensive maritime facility in the world. Captain Mike Kaczmarek has moved over full time as Vice President of our Corporate R&D Technology group. This group has been responsible for developing the new scrubber technology, which is now successfully operated under a pilot program on one of our ships. We are planning to install the scrubbers on 2 more ships later this year, and we expect to begin a full rollout of scrubbers installations on our ships in 2014. We have a number of other R&D projects underway primarily focused on fuel savings technology, including the piloting of a bubble system on one of our ships later this year to improve the ship's hydrodynamics. And later in 2014, we are pilot testing using LNG on one of our ships. We have made significant R&D investments over the last several years and the results have been gratifying, with fuel savings in 2013 forecasted to be at 5%. We have also begun to search for a Corporate Executive Vice President to oversee the various maritime departments in the corporate organization, and this includes our corporate maritime policy, our maritime quality assurance, and -- which includes CSMART and our maritime auditing group. This executive will also have a see-through line of sight to the senior maritime executives in each of the operating companies. These corporate management changes are part of our plan to move towards a more consistent maritime and technical policies and practices throughout the worldwide fleet. We have also made a number of changes to our management teams at Costa and Carnival U.K., and we are confident that under Michael Thamm and David Dingle's leadership, our European businesses will continue to improve in 2014. At Carnival Cruise Lines, the marine and technical management teams has recently been augmented with the additions of Richard O'Hanlon, a former U.S. Navy Admiral, as Vice President of Nautical and Safety Operations; and Mark Jackson, a former Coast Guard Captain, as Vice President of Technical Operations. Turning to our newbuild program, our current schedule includes 7 new ships to be added to the fleet between now and 2016. Two of the ships are for the AIDA brand, the strongest-performing brand in the fleet. And the remaining 5 ships on order are spread across 5 of our other major brands. We believe these new ships, which have a capacity of 50% to 70% higher than the existing ships in their respective fleets, are far more fuel efficient and will help to improve our return on invested capital for the company. We plan to add ships to our fleet only where we believe we can generate higher overall ROI for the brand. In other words, ships that will improve the brand's operating margins without negatively affecting the margins on the existing ships in the brand. At the same time, we continue to seek buyers for certain of our older and smaller ships, and those efforts are ongoing. So with those comments, Micky, Arnold and the rest of the team is here to answer any questions you might have. Andre, can I turn it over to you now?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Micky, I'm just wondering, as you transition to your Chairman-only role, are you immediately relinquishing all the day-to-day roles, including those related to operations, shipbuilding? Just wondering how involved you're going to be. You were deliberate in saying in your prepared remarks that you weren't going anywhere, so I'm just wondering how you view your role going forward.
Micky M. Arison: Well, primarily, I do my role as doing whatever Arnold needs me to do. I'm -- my basic philosophy has been with all our CEOs, that I'm there to help them be successful. And anything that I can do to make -- to help Arnold become hugely successful and the company hugely successful, I'm prepared to do. So I obviously will continue to work on areas that I have extensive knowledge, in newbuildings and other areas, but it's really going to be a collaborative thing between me and Arnold to decide what are the best uses of my time. I'm going to be looking to Arnold to run the day-to-day corporate operation, and I may even take a couple of golf lessons.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sounds nice. And, Arnold -- I'm kind of jealous. Arnold, congratulations to you as well. And also, since you aren't new to the company and now in the CEO role, what do you think are going to be your immediate agenda items?
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you. Immediately, we're T minus 8 days or 9 days or whatever it is before I come in, but the immediate thing is to spend in-depth time with the leadership team. And we have some tentative plans as a team, Micky, I and Howard together, and we'll refine those through conversations with the rest of the leadership team. But immediately, it's to spend time with them and then ultimately, of course, to contribute to a very strong team that's already proven in the industry, has built the world's largest leisure travel business and is continuing to operate successfully and to join that team and help drive over time the return on invested capital and additional customer satisfaction.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Howard, have I burned through my questions, or can I ask one more?
Howard S. Frank: You could have because you're so nice. We're going to have -- let you have one more question.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Thank you. And Howard, this one's for you.
Howard S. Frank: Oh, no!
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the Carnival brand, you gave us some great color as usual. I appreciate that. But just wondering, what areas do you think you have the most work to do? Is it with the travel agents? Is it with the consumers? Is it both? And just wondering if you could walk us through some specific examples of efforts you've been making there and maybe highlight some of the near-term wins that you may have had, if any?
Howard S. Frank: I think the Carnival team, the marketing team and the sales team, have been increasing their engagement with the travel agent community, and that will continue. There are more things to roll out. I think the reintroduction of the Triumph was sort of the tipping point, I think, for beginning that process. And they're very encouraged by the early responses they've been getting. And we've been seeing it actually in the booking pattern itself. The successful reintroduction of the ship in Galveston was a very positive event for the company. We've also put on a lot of communications on all the investments we've been making with the ships to get people to rebuild trust in the brand. And especially, that's important with the consumer and the first-time cruiser. That's going to take -- and that's going to go on for quite some time. So there's a multitude of efforts being made by Jerry and his team to move this forward, and you'll see a lot more unfold, I think, over the next 6 months.
Micky M. Arison: If I can just add that when you're carrying 4.5 million passengers, most of them coming from the United States, meaning that upwards of 1 in 3 passengers that go on a cruise in the United States go on a Carnival Cruise, and 99% of them are coming back happy and telling their friends and getting on Facebook and Twitter and then telling people what a great time they've had. That is powerful, 90,000 folks every single week coming off those ships in the U.S. and talking about the great experience and right now, the great value they got as well. So I think that will help accelerate the comeback of the brand.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My questions are -- first, just in terms of your 2- to 3-year estimate for recovery of the Carnival brand, what assumptions are behind that, of the people that you spoke with? I don't think there's any past industry events, but did you look outside the industry, for example? Or what helped you determine that?
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I mean, there were -- our consultants have basically used an analogy of 2 other non- -- Greg, non-industry events, and we're tracking the same way. In terms of consumer perception, we're tracking the same way, which was a significant fall off in brand perception and then a gradual recovery until it's 3 years out. So their view is that while we're a very different industry, it's likely that we will follow the same pattern, and that of course assumes that we get it right and we get the marketing out there right, and we get our media communications out there properly, and we continue to stay in touch with our consumers and our travel agents. So their feeling is that we should track -- and by the way, I would say up until this point, it has tracked. In some cases, a little bit better than one of the issues that -- one of the companies that had a mishap. So I think we're doing okay. It's not an exact science. It's just their best guess as to how long it will take for us to get back on -- get the brand back to where it was.
Micky M. Arison: Again, that is coming from consultants who have gone through similar types of situations. But I do think the strength of the brand, the amount of market share it has in the United States and the amount of people coming back, will excel. But safety was never an issue, and I think it's important for people to understand that. And a lot of the examples that our consultants give us do have significant casualty issues associated with the brand damage. So I'm very hopeful that the recovery could be much faster than the consultants are leading us to believe.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And that makes all sense, by the way. And, Howard, just with respect to the recovery you mentioned over the last 6 weeks, I don't know, you speak a little bit faster sometimes than I can follow, so when you were talking about the last -- what other color did you give around that? Are bookings flat year-over-year at this point? And when -- if not, when would you expect those to be for the Carnival brand?
Howard S. Frank: Well, based on a very recent couple of weeks, bookings have been up nicely for the Carnival brand. That's the most recent. And that's since the reintroduction of the Carnival Triumph. Bookings have been positive across the brand. And for the Triumph and the Magic, the 2 ships that are in Galveston, bookings have been substantially higher year-over-year. So that's kind of giving us the feeling that -- and by the way, it is the beginning, so I don't want to set up expectations here that we can't achieve. But certainly, we're very encouraged by what we see.
Micky M. Arison: Right. I also should mention that the refit of the Carnival Sunshine, all the bunch of 2.0 additions, have been incorporated into the Carnival Sunshine. And...
Howard S. Frank: We've been trying to [indiscernible]...
Micky M. Arison: Some were added to the Triumph, a few were added to the Triumph, but all of them were put into the Carnival Sunshine. And the response from the guests of all these various new features have been just absolutely fantastic. So I think Jerry and his team, as far as upgrading the product and making Fun Ship 2.0 a really viable addition to the Carnival brand, particularly on Carnival Sunshine, has been hugely successful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you give us a sense of the repair costs that you've isolated in 2013 at $0.16 a share? How much of those are likely to bleed into 2014?
David Bernstein: The repair costs should be -- for the Carnival Triumph should be completely done. There's a little bit in the third quarter, but that will be it.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And what about retrofit? Will that continue into 2014?
David Bernstein: Are you talking about the vessel enhancements?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Correct.
David Bernstein: We had -- yes, we had talked about the vessel enhancements being a multiple year process. So there will be some of that in 2014 as well.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you quantify that for me?
David Bernstein: Not at this point. It was probably around $0.06, $0.07 a share in 2013, but we're looking -- we're working through those issues as we put together the detailed schedule for 2014. And I'll probably give you more color on that later in the year.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, we're typically waiting to do that. We'll have really much better information later on in the year as we go through the individual business plans for the operating companies and see what their plan is for 2000 -- for the 2014 rollout of these investments.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind though, that the overwhelming majority of the $600 million to $700 million that was in the press release is CapEx. There's only some small pieces that will be in the P&L.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then a similar question as far as marketing, you isolated that at $0.07 a share this year. Do you think that, that incremental cost stays about the same next year? Or does it go higher? Or might it come down a bit?
Howard S. Frank: Harry, again, let's just wait until the end of the year when we go through the business plans and we'll -- because the -- I think each of the brands, and it's also true in Europe as well, are also looking at changes in their marketing approach. So we'll have a better sense of the overall increase in marketing for 2014, but that won't happen until sometime later in the fall.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then greetings, Arnold. Just -- you've been on the board for 12 years, you've got a pretty good idea of how Carnival runs. Do you see any pretty clear opportunities to improve the company's return on invested capital? Is there any low-hanging fruit that you think you might want to focus on?
Arnold W. Donald: Well, as you know, there's a difference between being on the board and being in operations. So I've had close observations. I think the team in place has been a continuous improvement in terms of cost management, as well as revenue generation. So I feel strongly that we'll discover some opportunities, additional opportunities along the way. But I feel the team is performing very well right now.
Howard S. Frank: Harry, just let me -- let me just jump in here for a second. I think the view is that to drive increased -- we can at the margin improve ROIs in a variety of different ways, including some of the things that we -- in terms of the newbuilds that we have that are better -- much better, more efficient ships and so on, much -- drive much higher returns. But clearly, revenue improvement is part of our plan to drive our -- we need to do that. I think we'll see some of that naturally occur as the Costa brand improves and as the Carnival brand improves. We'll start to see some benefit from that. And I think one of the thoughts that are going around in the various companies is the increase in the marketing spend I think that we're talking about is also there, is also being planned, I think, to drive better revenues on the net line. So I think those are the kinds of strategies that we're talking about right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson with Jefferies.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I've got 2 lines of questioning for you, please, number one is regarding the new CEO role. Did you search both internally and externally for the new CEO? What is the mandate? And do we really see any material shift in policy and strategy? Do you think we'll be adding more capacity than planned? And then the second revolves around the ECA, the oil price. But 2015 is not that far away, and your 10-K tells us you've got, in a worst case, $265 million of extra cost because of the low sulfur fuel requirement. Are you in a position to talk to us about how you can mitigate that, to what degree you can mitigate that? And if you can mitigate it, what the extra CapEx might be?
Micky M. Arison: Okay, let me first -- on the issue of the Chairman/CEO role, we've been talking -- I've been talking to the independent directors of the board for quite some time about where we go from here as far as corporate management and structure. We said 10 years ago in our discussions in the U.K. that we were totally committed to the DLC structure, very sensitive to U.K. governance and have moved in that direction over the years. And obviously, a key element of those discussions over the last 10 years has been splitting of the Chairman and CEO role. So I've been sensitive to that for quite some time. we've been talking about it for quite some time, myself and the -- and Stu Subotnick, who is the Lead Independent Director and Chairman of the Nominating Governance Committee, talked extensively with the committee about various candidates. We did not do a full -- we didn't hire consultants to do a full external search. We felt very, very comfortable. I recommended Arnold as a choice and Stu, and the committee immediately supported that, as well as all the independent directors. So we felt we had the right candidate. There was no reason to go beyond that, and we're -- and I'm delighted that -- we didn't know when Stu called Arnold, whether it would be something he would entertain, and we were delighted he did, and that's the way -- that's the direction we went. Clearly, this ties much greater with the U.K. governance model than the U.S., but I think, even in the U.S., it's starting to move in this direction. So that's the way it all happened. As far as ECA?
David Bernstein: Yes. Thank you, Micky. Howard did mention in his notes that we had a scrubber on -- that is successfully operating on one of our ships, and we're going to put scrubbers on 2 more ships later this year and that we then expect to roll out the scrubber installations in 2014. We may not have every single ship equipped with scrubbers by January 1, 2015, but we'll clearly prioritize those ships that have the biggest impact. So in 2015, with the new ECA, we do believe we can mitigate a significant portion of that $265 million. We may not get it all in 2015, but we will get it all shortly thereafter as we do the installation. It's about $1 million to $1.5 million per engine. You got to do at least a couple of engines on each ship. So it is a significant amount of CapEx. But the numbers that we've been giving out for CapEx do include our anticipated scrubber CapEx as well. So those are already in the numbers you've heard Beth give out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question. I think you said for the Carnival brand that as you cycle through next year, the yields wouldn't recover till the second half. So is that sort of an informal guidance for yields of the Carnival brands be down in the first half broadly? And then the second question was on the implied yield guidance for the fourth quarter. It looks like quite a wide range of sort of between 0 and down 4%. And 0 will be a pretty big recovery from Q3's minus 4% guidance figure. I was wondering if you could talk a bit about that please and where the risk lies within that Q4 range?
Howard S. Frank: Jamie, this is Howard. It wasn't really in -- the Carnival cycling through a full year before it starts to see positive pricing was not meant to be guidance. What I meant to say is that we'll begin to see in the second half of 2014 the possibility of yield improvement on the pricing that we're taking on a year-over-year basis. So it'll be because of the easier comparisons. And if you assume improvement in the perception of the brand, and that we should start to see some pricing improvement, how that falls out in 2000 -- in the third and fourth quarters remains to be seen. So I'm not suggesting that's guidance. But we're hopeful that, that will be the beginning of a positive year -- year-over-year improvement in pricing. On the issue of yield guidance, I'm going to turn it over to David.
David Bernstein: Yes, Jamie. This is what happens when you round everything to whole percentages and all. I understand the math that you're working through. The expectation on the fourth quarter is that we'll see a little bit better than the third quarter. We are -- as Howard mentioned, we are seeing continued improvement, particularly in Costa in Europe. And as some -- those brands improve in the fourth quarter, the number will be a little bit better than third quarter. Still down, but a little bit better than third.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And a kind of follow-up from the previous question on scrubbers, I was under the impression they made engines a bit less fuel-efficient just on a consumption basis, obviously cleaner with sulfur. But would there be any impact on fuel consumption once they're fully rolled out?
David Bernstein: There are some incremental operating expenses relating to the scrubbers, but there really isn't anything significant in the way of fuel consumption changes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lena Thakkar with HSBC.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: A couple of questions. Firstly, I just wonder if you could give a little color around the comments of nicely higher. Just trying to think what that means. Is that a sort of low-single-digit number or sort of mid-single digit? It's just -- I've heard that a few times through the call and just trying to understand what that means. And secondly, if we think about Costa, I understand most of the recovery so far this year has been occupancy-driven. Are we now to assume that the remainder of the Costa recovery is therefore pricing-driven? And I wonder if you could tell us how much of -- or what sort of year-on-year improvements Costa has seen so far and if you expect that sort of a run rate for the rest of the year? Or you expect the revenue, the yield improvements to be sort of lower going forward, given that they are based on pricing rather than occupancy?
Howard S. Frank: So that's the first time I've had a question about nicely higher in a while. So nicely higher is somewhere between slightly higher and significantly higher. I hope that answers your question. It is in the mid- to high-single-digits range when I talk about nicelies. It's usually north of 5%. And that's kind of how I see it. And so it's an -- if you come up with a better term for me, send me a note. On the Costa occupancy and pricing improvement, yes, it's on both sides of the ledger. And with the third -- second quarter pricing was up. I'm not sure if it was driven more by occupancy. Yields were up. I'm not sure if they're driven by occupancy and pricing. But clearly, we're seeing even further improvements -- if the -- assuming our forecasts are correct here, and their forecast -- further improvements in Q3 and Q4 over Q2 on -- and a lot of that is going to be driven by pricing.
David Bernstein: Yes. You know what happens with Costa because each quarter was so dramatically different, you get a mix impact. Remember their pricing was down in first quarter because of the year-over-year comparison and the strong prior year. So in the back half of the year, we are definitely seeing the overall yield increase is much greater than the occupancy increase. We are seeing the pricing there as Howard indicated.
Operator: Our next question comes from Assia Georgieva with Infiniti Research.
Assia Georgieva: I have a couple of questions. Again, discussing the Costa recovery, we are basically 1.5 years since the incident. At the time, you had expected the $500 million swing to profitability, and we seem to be -- to have recovered the vast majority of that. So in 2014, do you think we'll be back to regular profitability? And the second question is related. Can that serve as a model or a potential pattern for the Carnival brand?
Howard S. Frank: Yes. Well, I -- first, I don't think we're -- you're right. The guidance was, I think originally, that we took a $500 million hit to operating. I don't think we've gained anything near that back. We went from a loss to a profit right now. And so we're well on our way back, but we still got plenty of room to recover on Costa. And we're hopeful we'll start to begin to see more of that in 2014. But that will even continue into 2015. So we're greatly encouraged by what we're seeing at Costa right now.
Beth Roberts: Of the $500 million, roughly $100 million of that swing was the loss capacity, which we do not expect to get back until the ship returns. We have the next delivery, which is in 2016?
Howard S. Frank: The end of next year. The end of next year.
Micky M. Arison: Oh, end of next year.
David Bernstein: End of '14 -- '15.
Micky M. Arison: '15, you'll get the effect of it. End of '14 ...
Howard S. Frank: End of '14, the ship gets through.
David Bernstein: And we had indicated Costa's yields for the year were down 16%. We had indicated back in December that we had expected to get about half back this year. But because of the difficult economic environment in Southern Europe, we're expecting to get back 1/4 of it. And we do expect to see continued improvements as we go along.
Howard S. Frank: With respect to using Costa as an example of what will happen at Carnival, it's really hard to say because each situation was unique and different, and the markets that they trade in are largely -- are different. And Costa is still dealing with the issue of the Concordia still in the water and probably won't get onto the process for parbuckling it. And moving it out will take probably next 6 to 9 months. So they're still dealing with that issue in Italy. But remember, they market into -- and you know this well -- into Italy, Germany, France and Spain. That's their primary markets. Carnival is principally U.S. markets, and it's really -- it's too early in the process to know if the changes are going to be analogous or not in terms of -- or the improvement are going to be the same or not. I think it's just too early to know.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: You guys have mentioned marketing spending increase a couple of times already on the call. Can you talk a little bit about how you're allocating those dollars to reach the consumers and where you're getting your most bang for your buck? And then also, if you've seen any pockets of strength or weakness change in consumers globally, would you be able to offer that information?
Howard S. Frank: Jamie, I think -- we're talking about a number of different brands all doing -- making changes. And I'm talking about anticipating -- increasing their spend in the marketing area. A lot of it is going to be focused on travel agents and travel agent co-op marketing, more trade advertising. A lot of it is social media and web-based marketing and is also for the consideration to going back and doing more TV. So it's a variety of these things. Having said that, we haven't seen -- we are going to start the process later on or earlier in the fall to go ahead and look at the marketing programs for each of the brands, and we'll be better able to, I think, articulate exactly what the spend is going to look like and where it's going to be allocated to. I don't know if that helps but it's still early for me to comment specifically. And your second question was -- say that again?
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Were there any kind of pockets of strengths or weakness as far as like geographically with consumers that you saw change over the last quarter or 2? I mean, I know Europe was mentioned as kind of looking a little bit more promising, but has anything like the North American consumer become significantly stronger or weaker? Is that too hard to parse out with the Triumph?
Howard S. Frank: All I can tell you is that patterns both in North America and Europe on a year-over-year basis, pricing and volume seem to be pretty good right now. So it's a pretty positive story. I understand it more North America. I kind of scratch my head a little bit in Europe, to be honest with you, but I'll take it. It is a -- things seem to be -- I think maybe it's consumer confidence strengthening or positive things that are going on. And so we're very encouraged by what we're seeing in Europe right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things here, relating to Europe in general, if we can characterize using December as the benchmark, you first called out at that time that you had some concerns about Northern Europe. You mentioned that a little bit here in your preamble. Maybe give us some color regarding Northern Europe relative to then. And then it appears that maybe Northern Europe on a year-over-year basis is a little weaker, but Southern Europe, obviously off of an extremely low bar here, is starting to turn to the positive. So a little color on Europe, I guess, number one. And question number two would be related to the redundancies and the retrofits on the ships. It sounds like mid-'14 is when a decent amount of those where you're mitigating a lot of the risk. If you can just give us a little more color and confirmation on that.
David Bernstein: I can start with Europe. When we went through the guidance in December, we had indicated that we expected our Northern European brands to be down. And I think I also indicated just a moment ago, we expected Costa to get back about half the yield it had previously lost. As the months and weeks passed, we did see more weakness throughout Europe than we had anticipated. And as we talked on the previous conference call, we brought down the yield guidance relative to Europe, actually in both Northern Europe and for Costa. As I said before, Costa is only expected to get back a quarter of what it previously lost. Now with that said, our -- even though our Northern European brands, the yields are going down, the yields in P&O Cruises and AIDA are still some of the highest in our fleet. They're doing -- they're performing incredibly well, and the return on investment to those brands is again above average for our fleet. So it's a directional change in reduction, but it's still -- their absolute performance is very good.
Micky M. Arison: As far as mitigating risk, I would say we've done a number of things to mitigate risk immediately so that the risk level is clearly mitigated. Again, I have to reiterate that it's not a safety issue and that the items that we talked about in our press release, the CapEx, we're rolling out as much as we can in operations. Some of it will require dry docking and because of that, there may be a 2- or 3-year rollout of some items. But many are being programmed and taken care of while the ships are being in operation. So it's a variety of things. But believe me, every day, the risk is being mitigated more and more.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Would you say, Micky, that it's fair that -- the risk of another incident I know can never be 0, but -- a repeat type of incident by mid-'14, is that a fair timetable when a lot of that will be taken away?
Micky M. Arison: There's nothing you can be assured of except death and taxes, but we're doing everything we can to mitigate the risk as quickly as we can.
Howard S. Frank: By the way, I would just say this, Tim, that, that risk exists not just -- you're talking about relative risk. These are essentially enhancements. We got to keep in mind, and we've said it a number of times, that Carnival Triumph's situation didn't result in anybody being even injured. So I mean, the systems worked, and that's important to remember. All we're doing now is we're enhancing -- further enhancing the systems and further -- making -- to make sure that our customers are comfortable and that we deal with the issues more quickly and more effectively so that we can get the ship back up and running should something happen. But by and large, this is just enhancements. And the rollout of this will be largely -- what you have to do is you have to manufacture a lot of this equipment before you can even install it. And then many of the -- Micky said many of the installations will be -- have to be in dry docks. Some of the installations can be done on the run. Many of the items have already been ordered, and we're waiting for delivery of it and then the installation of it. But the rollout of this will be this year, second half of this year, '14 and '15 where most of the work will be done.
David Bernstein: And while we're rolling out the work, the more permanent work, we are putting power packs on the ships very quickly, and that will mitigate some of the risk that we talked about in terms of comfort in the unlikely event anything happens.
Beth Roberts: I just wanted to add-on to the capacity -- to the comment about Europe, Northern Europe versus the Med. I think it's fair to acknowledge that the Northern European products did have a significant capacity increase this year relative to the Med, and we do not expect that to recur in 2014.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. Going back to the risk issue, I do want to reiterate what the former head of the NTSB said, the due risk of driving to the port is a lot higher than anything you do once you get on the cruise. It's probably true. The risk of getting in your shower is a lot higher, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just your guidance excluding the Carnival brand that you talked about booking volume and pricing up for the next 3 quarters. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of if you excluded the Costa brand as well from that, whether the rest of the fleet would be up in volume price just since Costa is obviously being helped by the year-over-year comparisons. Is the rest of the fleet up in price and volume, excluding Costa as well as Carnival?
Howard S. Frank: We have the information someplace, but I don't have it right at hand.
David Bernstein: Yes. Why don't you give Beth a call after? We don't have the information cut in that many different ways right here at the table.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Okay, sure. And then my other question is you talked about the reintroduction of the Triumph as kind of marking the bottoming of the Carnival brand, and I certainly understand symbolically how that would. But I wonder if you could sort of translate that into more specifically -- you mentioned volumes have been up since then, but can you talk about whether that's with prices having to be down or just sort of quantifying something a little more specific to bookings to see that, that was the bottom more than just kind of the symbolic reintroduction?
Micky M. Arison: Clearly, prices have been sharp at Carnival Cruise Lines, but they -- to what -- the context of Howard's point, they haven't been sharper since the Triumph has been reintroduced. We haven't done anything to reduce price since the Triumph has been reintroduced. And I think what was important was that it was reintroduced looking fantastic with a lot of media board, a lot of hoopla in the area. And I think that created the positive spin in an area that was most impacted, which is the greater Texas, Houston area. And I think the coverage was terrific. The -- George Lopez did a great job, Guy Fieri did a great job, DJ Irie did and the whole Carnival team there, introducing some of the new Fun Ship 2.0 features and so on. And the ship looked great. So that clearly had to help.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Thomas with Merrill Lynch.
Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wondered whether you could first of all just provide a little bit more color within your full year yield guidance in relation to -- just trying to sort of split that out between the North American brands and the EAA brands. And also an idea on your expectations for the Carnival brand within that? And then secondly, I think a few questions ago and apology if I missed some of the color that was given around this, but a few questions ago, you indicated a degree of encouragement around what you're seeing in Europe fairly recently. Most of the data points that you gave in terms of the next couple of quarters were still sort of occupancy and pricing being down. I wondered whether you could provide a little bit more color around what it is you've been seeing more recently in Europe that leaves you more encouraged.
Howard S. Frank: On the North American, Europe pricing for the year...
David Bernstein: The full year is down 2 to 3 in total. North America in total is slightly more than the average, and Europe is slightly less than that. So they're averaging out into the middle part of that range. And Carnival Cruise Lines is down in the mid-single digits for the full year overall. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color. And Carnival is what's driving the North American brands obviously to be down for the year.
Howard S. Frank: My recollection is that the premium and luxury brands in North America have a flat yield, flattish yields year-over-year x Carnival.
Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So north -- within North America in total, that would be slightly worse than the down 2% to 3%? The Carnival brand which is broadly half of North America to be down mid-single digit, so therefore means the rest of the North American brands would still need to be sort of down broadly in line with the overall group guidance? Is that [indiscernible]?
David Bernstein: Flattish.
Howard S. Frank: Flattish. Flat. Flat.
David Bernstein: To get to the high end of the range.
Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So presumably...
Howard S. Frank: Let's -- what I suggest you do is you double back with Beth on this stuff, and she can take you through it.
Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Flattish for the rest of the North American brand is what you're saying?
Howard S. Frank: Correct. Correct. Yes. On Europe, essentially, what we've seen in the last 11 weeks is an uptick in European bookings and pricing across all -- I believe substantially across all brands. I can't remember every brand there, but it's always been a very positive development in Europe. That's about all I can tell you.
Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Presumably, that's been skewed given the statement you made, what, sort of 5-ish weeks ago when you had the intra-quarter update. When at that stage, Europe was a little worse than it had been. Presumably, the comments you were making was your improvement over an 11-week timeframe. That actually quite skewed towards the latter 5 weeks post that more recent update. Is that fair to conclude?
Howard S. Frank: No. I think that's a little bit of apples to oranges comparison. What I was saying 5 or 6 weeks ago, or I think what we were saying, is Europe is softer than our expectations and our guidance, our earlier guidance. This is more year-over-year bookings. And so that has shown improvement over the 11-week period, including that earlier period that we were talking about. However, it was short of where we thought it would be. So it wasn't as strong. We thought it would be stronger, but it wasn't as strong as it was based on our earlier guidance. So they're a little bit of different comparisons.
Nicholas Thomas - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. But compared with sort of 5 weeks ago, nothing particularly material has changed versus your expectations 5 weeks ago. It's the year-on-year numbers that you've seen improving.
Howard S. Frank: I think the 6 -- I can't recall exactly. We have 6 weeks data, and we have 11 weeks data. And the 6-week data didn't differ materially from the 11-week data.
Micky M. Arison: Really haven't changed our expectations.
David Bernstein: Yes, we haven't changed...
Micky M. Arison: We haven't changed our expectations.
Howard S. Frank: Right. So it's still [indiscernible]. Exactly. In fact.
Micky M. Arison: [indiscernible] a little color of recent bookings [indiscernible] haven't changed our expectation.
Operator: We presently have no further questions at this time.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, thank you very much. I know there'll be follow-on questions, and Beth is around, and we appreciate it. And we look forward to -- Arnold and Micky and I, Dave and Beth look forward to seeing everybody soon. So...
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you very much.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Micky M. Arison: Thank you.
Howard S. Frank: Bye bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-03-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Committee David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Carnival Plc and Chief Executive Officer of Carnival Plc Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Brad J. Boyer - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexia Dogani - Liberum Capital Limited, Research Division Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC Assia Georgieva Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division James Hollins - Investec Securities (UK), Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Carnival First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Friday, March 15, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, Suzie. Good morning, everyone. First, apologies for the short notice on this call. We did -- I think in light of recent ship incident events, we wanted to connect up to our investment -- the investment community as soon as possible. So we put out the press release and we announced the call rather quickly, and we wanted to get the information out there and to make sure everybody's up to date on the impact, the potential impact of these events on our business. With me this morning is Micky Arison, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; David Bernstein, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations, along with me. And to start off the call, I'll have David take you through the first quarter, and then he'll send it back to me and I'll have some comments on the outlook for 2013 and also make a few comments about the recent ship incidents. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this conference call will be forward looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies unless otherwise noted, as this is a much more useful measure of business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter was $0.08 per share. The first quarter came in $0.03 above the midpoint of our December guidance despite a $0.02 impact from voyage disruptions and related repair costs, which Howard will discuss later in his comments. The improvement was primarily driven by lower net cruise costs without fuel, worth $0.04 a share, as a result of the timing for certain expenses primarily between the first and second quarter. Now let's take a look at the first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 3.9%. The North American brands were up 3.1%, while the Europe, Australia and Asia brands or, as we call them, our EAA brands, were up 5.1% driven by a 17% increase in AIDA. Our total net revenue yields in the first quarter declined 2.3% from last year's strong pre-Concordia yields that were up almost 3%. Now let's take a look at the 2 components of net revenue yields. Our net ticket yields declined 3.3%. Our EAA brands were down 5.8% driven by declines in European, South American itineraries that were partially offset by increases in Caribbean itineraries. The North American brands were down only 1.5%, with 2/3 of their capacity in the Caribbean during the first quarter. For net onboard and other yields, the increase was 1%, with increases in the North American brands that were partially offset by declines in the EAA brands, driven by Costa. On the cost side, net cruise costs per available lower berth day, excluding fuel, were down 3% versus the prior year. The decline was more than we expected in our December guidance. As I have said in the past, it's difficult to estimate the timing of many of the expenses by quarter. And therefore, the best measure of net cruise cost performance is on an annual basis. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption for ALBD declined almost 5% this quarter, consistent with our full year guidance. Something I don't often get to say, fuel prices this quarter were down over 4% versus the prior year, which saved us $0.03 per share. In summary, the first quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.06 higher than 2012 earnings of $0.02 per share. This was driven by lower net cruise costs, partially offset by lower net revenue yields. Now turning to our 2013 outlook. I will skip net revenue yields, as Howard will discuss that shortly. For the full year, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per ALBD are forecasted to be up 2.5% to 3.5% versus the prior year. This is about 1 percentage point higher than our December guidance, driven by the voyage disruptions and related repair costs, as well as additional expenses related to certain vessel enhancements to the remainder of the fleet that Howard will expand upon. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David. I will have comments later in my talk about the Triumph incident. But let me first start by bringing you up-to-date on wave bookings. This is based on the 9 weeks of booking activity from the 6th of January through March 10, the latest booking data we have. On a fleet-wide basis, bookings during the wave period have been running well ahead of last year, and this includes Costa's bookings, which are also significantly higher year-over-year. But even taking Costa's bookings out of the data, bookings for the rest of the fleet have still been running well ahead year-on-year. Fleet-wide pricing on wave bookings is slightly ahead year-over-year, with and without Costa in the mix. Breaking this down by major markets, North America bookings have been running higher during this period with slightly higher pricing. EAA bookings are substantially higher, with or without Costa in the mix, at slightly lower pricing. While the significantly higher EAA booking volumes are very encouraging, as I will comment on later, with the exception of Costa, we are still well behind in EAA bookings for the remainder of the year at the present time. We have also gathered booking data since the Triumph incident, which covers the last 3 weeks through March 10. On a fleet-wide basis, taking Carnival Cruise Lines out of the mix, which I will comment on separately, booking volumes have continued to run significantly higher year-over-year. North America brand booking volumes continued to run higher, although lower than for the period prior to the Triumph incident, with pricing higher year-over-year. EAA booking volumes continue to be very strong year-over-year, with pricing running higher during this 3-week period. Please keep in mind that we consider this latest 3 weeks of booking data as anecdotal, but we've decided to provide the information in anticipation of questions about booking trends after the incident. For the Carnival Cruise Lines brand, booking volumes and pricing for the period of the wave prior to the incident were running nicely higher year-over-year. However, our booking volumes for the 3-week period after the event were lower. However, with Carnival's introduction of new marketing promotions in recent weeks, the market has responded positively and booking volumes have significantly recovered. We expect Carnival's bookings to continue to improve and normalize over the next several weeks. It's difficult to estimate the impact that the recent Carnival Dream event will have on bookings. Normally, a short or intermittent power outage in port would not have received media attention. However, given the media coverage of the event, it may have some effect on bookings, and we have factored that into our revenue yield and earnings guidance. Based on the foregoing trends in the booking patterns, we have lowered constant currency revenue yield estimates for the remainder -- or for the year by 1.5%. As indicated in the press release, first quarter yields came in as expected. For the remainder of the year, continued softness in European brand pricing is driving some of the forecasted lower revenue yield outlook. Other contributing factors include slightly lower revenue yields for the Carnival Cruise Lines brand resulting from current and anticipated price promotions. We have also reduced forecasted fleet-wide onboard revenue for the remainder of the year. Turning to the current booking status for the remaining 3 quarters on a fleet-wide basis. Bookings are behind last year at slightly lower pricing. North American brands bookings are behind at slightly higher pricing. For EAA brands, bookings are behind at lower pricing. On a quarter-by-quarter basis, the trends are also quite similar, so you won't see much difference if we provided -- if we broke down this information by the second, third and fourth quarter, which we will not do on this call. Breaking this down by major programs. For North American brands, pricing for Caribbean and Alaska programs is slightly higher year-over-year on lower occupancies. Pricing for North America premium brand, the European cruises, is higher at slightly higher year-over-year occupancies. For EAA brands, the European cruises, which are the great majority of their itineraries for the next 3 quarters, pricing and occupancies are lower year-over-year. It's clear that continued softness in European economies and lower consumer confidence throughout Europe is the primary contributor to the closer-in booking pattern and lower prices we are experiencing. However, as previously said, we are experiencing a significant uptick in European brand bookings, which is a very encouraging sign. Based on our latest forecast, on a fleet-wide basis, we are expecting revenue yields in the second quarter to be down slightly and for the second half of the year to be slightly higher. Full year earnings guidance has been revised to a range of $1.80 to $2.10 per share or a midpoint of $1.95. The $0.35 per share reduction from our original December guidance is comprised of $0.10 of costs for the Triumph incident, including repair costs and estimated revenue loss from canceled sailings. Reduced fleet-wide ticket forecast for the remaining 3 quarters contributed $0.14 of the decline, approximately half of the revenue yield reductions for Europe brands and half for North American brands, including Carnival. We've also reduced our onboard revenue yield forecast by $0.06, and we have added $0.05 per share for costs associated with modifications to ships this year to enhance ship operating system redundancies and improve emergency power. We also expect this work to continue on the fleet through 2014. A few comments about the Carnival Triumph incident that I want to make. Although there are many lessons to be learned from the incident, it is important to understand that our fire suppression systems did work and our crew did a superb job. The ship systems and crew were able to quickly respond to the fire and extinguish it, so there were no injuries to either passengers or crew. Although our emergency generator power was not adequate to provide effective passenger comfort, the emergency systems we had on board are in accordance with and, in fact, go beyond the latest regulatory guidelines. But having said that, we will make the changes necessary to provide even greater redundancies to our shipboard systems and, in the event of a loss of power, to increase the emergency generator power to provide a more effective level of comfort to the passengers and crew on the ship. An assessment of shipboard redundancies and emergency generator power will be carried out on a corporate-wide basis for our entire fleet. And accordingly, enhancements will be implemented on all ships in the fleet. In this regard, our Corporate Maritime Policy Department, together with the maritime executives at the brands, have already made preliminary assessments of the ships in the fleet, and plans are under way to make the appropriate modifications. This project, of course, will take some time to complete. But I want to assure you that we will address these issues as quickly as feasibly possible. Having said all this, I want to emphatically state that all the ships in our fleet are safe, and the work we are planning will add further enhancements to the safety systems already in place. Given all the misconceptions about the causes of the Triumph incident, let me make it perfectly clear. Our ships are built not just in compliance with regulations, whether IMO, whatever [ph] classification society, but, in many instances, go beyond regulatory requirements. Our corporate and brand management teams will continue to focus on ship safety as their first priority. And with that, Suzie, I'm going to turn it back to you to take questions, so we get some -- take some questions from the listeners.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question, coming from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You did mention that your guidance does anticipate some impact from the Dream, but I wanted to talk more about just specific costs that you might have. You kind of just walked us through the detail behind your earnings. I'm just wondering specifically, is there anything in there for -- the Dream is going to be out of service a little bit. Anything in there? Today, there was the incident with the Legend. And then also, given these 3 events in such a short time period, just wondering what the cost -- incremental cost impact might be from your marketing and your promotional activities and, more broadly, how we should think about your marketing budget over the next 12 months.
Howard S. Frank: You want to take the costs?
David Bernstein: Well, the -- I'll take the first part in the costs on the Dream and also the Carnival Legend. We have factored in the costs of the Dream being out of service. They did refund a portion of this cruise, and they also canceled one cruise. That is in our numbers. And as far as the Legend is concerned, they're very hopeful that it will sail its normal itinerary at -- on its next itinerary next week. And sales and marketing?
Howard S. Frank: I mean, I think sales and marketing, I don't think we're going to see a huge increment, any significant increment in sales and marketing that will not be usually absorbed in the numbers that we have already budgeted or forecasted for sales and marketing costs in what we gave you. I do think that there will be a price promotions, but -- that we are using as part of the marketing programs. And -- but that has been factored into the revenue yield forecast that we gave you. So we think we've got the expense side of the ledger covered fairly easily right now.
David Bernstein: Right.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And for both of you, I guess. Just on maintenance CapEx, I think it's been running around $700 million, $750 million. Is that a number that we should see increase?
David Bernstein: Well, we've said a number of times in the past that, historically, our maintenance CapEx had been in the $400 million, $500 million range and that we were increasing it. It was up more recently, like $600-plus million. And all the forecasts we've been giving you have been $800-plus million. And we were trying to factor in all the refurbishments and all of the things that we need to do to keep the ships up to date, so...
Howard S. Frank: But there will be some incremental capital expenditures as we make these enhancements to the -- whatever enhancements need to be made to the redundancy -- increased redundancy and for the expanded emergency generation power. I don't think we really have our arms around that number yet. That's what we're working on to get. And hopefully, in the next couple of weeks, we'll have a full plan with estimated costs to doing all this work. But I don't see it as being enormous, but it will be some amount of money. And it will be probably incurred in the next -- during the next 2 years, '13 and '14.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So just to understand, David, you said the maintenance CapEx has more recently been running around $600 million, but you've been giving us a number around $800 million?
David Bernstein: Yes, $800-plus million has been included in all future CapEx numbers that we've been giving you for probably the past year or so now.
Howard S. Frank: Yes.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So is it possible that, that kind of absorbs maybe the incremental costs you might see from refurbishing your fleet, or will it be incremental over that?
David Bernstein: There might -- as Howard indicated, there might be some incremental that we might spend, but it should be manageable.
Howard S. Frank: I know we got a lot of [indiscernible] work, I think. So it should...
David Bernstein: We get [indiscernible].
Howard S. Frank: Most of it, I would imagine...
Micky M. Arison: $800 million number had a lot of cushion in there. So we should be fine, yes.
Howard S. Frank: Yes.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Of the $800 million that you mentioned, how much of that is pure refurbishment or pure maintenance CapEx versus sort of incremental refurbishment? What I'm trying to get at is, in other industries that we look at, we look at maintenance CapEx as a percentage of revenues to capture kind of the utilization. And given your high occupancy, you're pushing these assets really hard. And so what I'm trying to get at is, as a percentage of revenues, are you spending as much on these ships as you did 10 years ago?
Micky M. Arison: Yes, we were spending more.
David Bernstein: Yes. As Micky's saying, we're clearly spending more. But it's hard to look as a percentage of revenue. Unfortunately, our yields are down since 2008. But overall, on a per berth basis, we recognize that the fleet has gotten a little bit older than it was 10 or 15 years ago, and we are spending more to properly maintain it. We don't have the details split between refurbishment and other types of maintenance. We -- these are very high-level numbers that we've worked with our various operating companies to put together. And each year, we put together very detailed plans, so...
Howard S. Frank: I mean, much of the maintenance cost is period expensed, even in the dry docks, so we don't capitalize that. We only capitalize improvements that we make to the ship as part of a dry dock. I don't -- I think most of it is all these other items. But the maintenance work is an expense item.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, we don't even capitalize the dry dock. We...
Howard S. Frank: No.
Micky M. Arison: That's -- it's all expensed.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. So that answers your question. [Indiscernible].
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And the...
Howard S. Frank: Yes, sorry.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Well, the follow-up is if you could give us some sense of how many more days in dry dock you built into your forecast this year and next. And how does that compare to the last 2 to 3 years?
David Bernstein: Hang on one second.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, whatever you have...
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess where I'm going with this is...
David Bernstein: Yes. No...
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Where I'm going with this...
David Bernstein: Yes, but current...
Howard S. Frank: Okay, but you're talking about incremental dry docks as a result of the additional work? Or is this planned dry docks that we already have in place?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: What I'm trying to get at is planned dry docks, how that's likely to grow in 2013 and 2014.
David Bernstein: Yes. We don't -- we haven't -- we don't have the '14 and beyond schedule here. The dry dock days between '13 -- '12 and '13, I mean, our ships go into dry dock on a very routine basis on schedules, either twice every 5 years or once every 3 years. There's different rules we follow. So it's scheduled out, and we'll keep looking at that and taking into consideration the enhancements that Howard had indicated. We'll make changes as necessary. There may be a few additional changes this year, but we don't know for sure yet because, as Howard said, we're not done with the overall plans.
Howard S. Frank: See, a lot of this additional work that we will carry out will depend on a number of factors that we don't necessarily have control of, including the availability of dry dock space in the various dry docks around the world and the logistics of, if equipment and -- needs to be made -- new equipment needs to be made, the manufacturer of that equipment as well as the installation of that equipment by the teams that do this sort of stuff. So -- and we still don't have a full story on that. So we'll -- as soon as we get it, we'll probably start -- we'll start to share that with people, and we don't have our arms around it yet.
Micky M. Arison: And at this stage, we don't even know what work can be done in service versus what needs to be dry docked. I mean, it's just too early.
Howard S. Frank: Yes.
David Bernstein: To give you an idea, in 2013, we had 425 dry dock days planned in our overall guidance.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. So I guess the last question is based on your maintenance CapEx estimate, what you've built in for dry dock, you're pretty comfortable that there's plenty of room there for whatever else may happen to your fleet?
Howard S. Frank: Actually, what I said is that we -- as soon as we get -- when we get to put the plan in -- the fleet-wide plan into effect, we'll have a better handle on what that amount is and know to what extent we've covered that in the $800 million.
David Bernstein: And one -- and the $0.05 that Howard mentioned, the vessel enhancements, that -- we did our best to represent on a very preliminary basis what we think it could be for 2013. But it is very preliminary.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, I'll wait.
Howard S. Frank: While I've got you on the call here, let me just say for future questions, can we limit it to 2? I know there are a lot of people out there that want to have questions, so let's limit the questions to 2. And at the end, if there are more questions, we can take them. People want to have third questions.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Brad J. Boyer - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: This is actually Brad in for Steve. You called out some onboard softness as -- in your revised guidance. I just wanted to see if you were seeing that in any particular areas or if it was sort of widespread across all the onboard categories.
David Bernstein: Well, what we actually said is that we expected -- we still expect onboards to be up this year, just not as much as we had anticipated in the December guidance. We saw the onboards were only up 1% in the first quarter. And so as a result, we just took down the second, third and fourth quarter a little bit from previous guidance. But all the major categories are still expected to be up for the year, just not as much as we had previously anticipated.
Brad J. Boyer - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then second one, I couldn't help but notice that the guidance range is still at $0.30, the spread there. Just curious if you can give us some color as to kind of what gets you to $2.10 versus $1.80 and that's it for me.
David Bernstein: Yes, I think it's just a function of the yield guidance primarily. And given the uncertainty -- the economic uncertainty in Europe and all recent events, we thought the $0.30 range was appropriate.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My 2 questions are: How aggressive do you think you'll need to be over the next few weeks, the next few months, in terms of pricing to encourage bookings? And have any of your competitors responded so far?
Micky M. Arison: What tends to happen during waves period is everybody is kind of on sale in some form or another to encourage sales during wave. And just like past years, all of our competitors have been on sale, as we have, so it's really hard to tell whether there's a response or not. I would say that we're encouraged that, based on the fact that when Carnival Cruise Line did put price promotions in effect, that the response was good. And I don't have yesterday's data but for the week, this week through Wednesday, Carnival Cruise Line booking levels were actually up 25% versus last year. Now that was in response to a promotion, but we're not anticipating that the promotions will be much deeper than they were last year.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Howard and everyone, thanks for the color that you can give us on the outlook with the ships, but any quantification at this point, or number of ships that will require major impact? You said you're reviewing the whole fleet. But any color especially in the Carnival and the Costa brands?
Howard S. Frank: I mean, I think, Tim, I prefer to have it all in front of me in a comprehensive way. I'll have a better sense of it. Our sense is that we're going to pull that together in the next couple of weeks, and I'd rather provide it when I know exactly what it's going to be. There are a number different ways also to make the modifications, and it really depends on how they select the modifications to be made on the ships that will determine the costs associated with it. So let's see what they come up with first. I don't want to jump ahead of it. I did mention that the Carnival ship that was affected, the Triumph, there are a number of ships like that in the fleet, and so that will probably be dealt with first. But there may be -- and -- but there may be some other lesser modifications that we may have to make in the rest of the fleet. We'll see how that goes.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then when you have a little bit more color in the next several weeks, do you anticipate doing another update type of call at that point in time?
Beth Roberts: If we have something to say, we'll...
Howard S. Frank: Yes, if we have something -- I think if there's something material to say, we'll say it.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Shifting to my -- for my second question, shifting to another question here on Europe. Comparing to your commentary that you gave in December, can you maybe -- can you give us a little bit more color on the U.K., Germany and then Italy and the southern issues, I guess, for the overall continent?
Howard S. Frank: Well, in the U.K. and as well as in Germany, beginning last year, we started to see a fallback in bookings, so that the booking curves started to come closer in. We didn't move pricing all that much, thinking that the bookings would come in later that -- especially bookings that [indiscernible] the spring and summer, early fall. And that's -- and while the bookings have improved in those 2 countries, we're still seeing that. So -- and price -- pricing actions were taken in order to maintain some relative -- full occupancies on the ships. So that caused some of the dislocation. We still see that. But we are -- as I mentioned on the call on my comments, that more recently, we've seen a dramatic catch-up on bookings. Now whether we can catch up fully quickly enough is another question to maintain better pricing as we get closer to the departure -- ship's departure.
Micky M. Arison: I think we did say on a prior call that because of the closer-in booking pattern in Europe, that was making forecasting European yields much more difficult.
Howard S. Frank: Costa's bookings, which is -- primarily covers Italy, France, Germany and Spain, they were more -- their strategy was to get out ahead of this a little bit. And so their occupancies are, more or less, I think in line with the prior year and maybe starting to pull ahead, so that it -- there's a potential that they may be able to start to move pricing up. So they're in a little bit better shape relative to the -- from a booking curve standpoint, relative to the rest of the group. But we're also struggling, to be honest with you, with the uncertainties in Italy right now, which is their major -- most significant market. But the Costa brand, I must say, they haven't lost market share in Italy. They're doing -- they maintained it, maybe even increased market share this past year. So the business is getting back on track. We're very encouraged by what we see from the Costa organization. And certainly, we've seen a significant rise in perceptions about the brand in Italy and Europe, and so we're starting to see a recovery happen. Probably, we'd like to see the recovery happen faster in terms of pricing, and -- but we haven't, and that we'd have -- we will have pricing improvement this year, perhaps not as much as we originally thought, and that's one of the factors that took down some pricing for our European brand forecast on revenue yields for the remainder of the year.
Micky M. Arison: Clearly, the uncertainty is really -- isn't helping. With the situation with the government basically in a stalemate, that's not helping either.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great.
David Bernstein: And we had anticipated the tough economic environment in December, but it's just turning out to be a little tougher than we had thought.
Howard S. Frank: And Spain continues to be a challenge. But fortunately for us in Spain, we only have a -- we have a small Spanish cruise line, the Ibero, as you know. And actually, they're going to do better this year, we think, than they did last year. We've got -- so it is a small cruise line, and we're finding ways to source business from countries outside of Spain to help fill the ships. So with Michael Thamm there, he's changed around the sourcing strategies so that we're hopeful that, that will start to change around quickly, the Spanish side.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So David, your comment that -- Europe tougher than thought collectively or Italy? Was that David that -- the comment that you made there?
David Bernstein: I think it was probably Southern Europe, in general, was tougher than we thought. But I think overall, it was a bit tougher than we thought.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, I just wanted to get a little more color. I know you talked about the change in yield being half due to European demand and half due to the Carnival brand. And so just when you're looking at your yield guidance for the second half of the year, you have that positive. Can you give us a little color on what your assumptions are for -- does the Carnival brand turn positive in the second half of the year? And then also, when you look at Europe, is -- are the European sourcing brands positive in the second half of the year, kind of with, without Costa? Or is the positive in the second half of the year all just the strength of North American brands, outside of the Carnival brand, that is offsetting the declines? So I'm just trying to get a sense of what those pieces look like in the second half.
David Bernstein: Okay. If you...
Howard S. Frank: I don't know what David's about to say, but I hesitate to get into a brand-by-brand discussion of yields. I mean, clearly, Costa, we see Costa as having a positive year-over-year yield improvement and the rest of the European brands having lower year-over-year improvement, lower year-over-year yields.
David Bernstein: Yes, the yields for the back half in total are within our guidance, are expected to be up. We are expecting to see both North America and EAA up, which -- but I will say that -- we have continued to say that EAA, without Costa, is a challenge because of the economic environment, and the EAA yields, without Costa, probably will be down a tad for the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Alexia Dogani with Liberum.
Alexia Dogani - Liberum Capital Limited, Research Division: I just had 2 questions as well. Just firstly then, just the maintenance CapEx spend of the $700 million to $800 million. I mean, I know that question perhaps has been asked, but I want to explore it in a different way. Can you split the spend between the hotel aspects? So how much you invest to bring the product up to the new ship and the core operational elements? And following on from that, the $0.05 of the maintenance cost increase this year, you said this will continue for the next 2 years. So year 3, should we expect that sort of spend to disappear, if you like? And then my second question is whether you can give us a bit of a feel on how emerging markets are performing, and what percent of your capacity is allocated in 2013 and what trends you're seeing there, both from the revenue and the cost side.
Howard S. Frank: That's more than 2 questions, by the way.
Micky M. Arison: I think David said already that the $800 million is a top line number. We don't do the detailed analysis of that until we get through the budget cycle. So that is just a kind of over-the-top number.
David Bernstein: And it includes...
Beth Roberts: But I would like to reiterate Howard's earlier comment that a lot of our R&M goes through operating expense, since we do heavy refurbishment when the ship is in service. That is a big percentage of ship operating costs.
Howard S. Frank: Yes.
David Bernstein: And as far as the $0.05 is concerned, it was simply our preliminary best guess of additional expense this year. We don't have the plan, as Howard mentioned, for the -- all of the ships. Once we have that, we'll have a much better idea what kind of P&L impact. But I think it's fair to say that the majority of what we expect to spend will be capital. And give us some time to put that together. And if we have something material, let's say, we will announce it once we get it.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, to some degree, if we're -- well, we accelerate dry dock work in order to get work done more quickly. In a way, it's just moving expense a little bit earlier and saving on it later on, because it'll be the timing of the dry dock. A dry dock on a ship that we might otherwise do in 2015, if we move it up to 2013, because it works in terms of the availability of the dock and the equipment we need, we'll just -- we won't have to do that dry dock in 2015. We'll have already done it in -- so there's a little bit of a movement of expenses and the timing of expenses that's going to happen in the next couple of years. And I think to try to give you a sense as to what's going to carry over from year-to-year, very difficult right now, which it's all very preliminary.
David Bernstein: And your question on the emerging market sourcing. Basically, looking outside of North America and Western Europe, the emerging markets are about 14% of our guest source. And overall, we're very pleased and it's doing very well around the world, all of those markets.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Lena Thakkar with HSBC.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: I understand the comments around Costa. I just wanted to get a feel of, given everything that's been said on the $0.10 impact from the Triumph and some of the one-offs that you outlined at the previous set of results, should we be thinking of net cruise costs actually going down next year, all things being equal from here? Or is there anything else that we should be aware of going into the next financial year? And then just on the revenue guidance, I know you can't break it down by brand, but I wonder if you could tell us that your -- if your guidance still factors in positive yields in North America x Carnival.
Howard S. Frank: Well, the answer to the second question is yes, it does factor in all yields, positive and negative, for the brands. So yes, I mean, the revenue guidance has everything in it. In terms of costs going down in 2014, I think it's too early to say. I don't -- I think we -- as I mentioned before, we really need to get the plan in place to understand it better and the associated costs connected with the plan for all of the ship work we're going to be doing, and then we'll have a better sense as to when it's going to happen. But my guess is we're going to see costs like this occur because this work is going to be carried out mostly in 2013 and 2014. So I really don't see that aspect of our cost going down.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: Okay. Just to follow up on the yield question. I guess the question is more getting at have the recent issues caused an impact on just the Carnival brand, or all of the North American brands. So is this isolated to one brand? And therefore, does the guidance still assume yields up for everything else apart from Carnival and North America?
Howard S. Frank: Well, the -- we did see that what -- during the period of the incident itself and for a week or 2 thereafter, we saw a little bit of some of the other brands felt a little bit of a hiccup, I would call it, but not a major issue. And then it seems to have -- now things seem to be back on track. So then I hope that answers your question. But in terms of giving you specific guidance by brands, no, we're not prepared to do that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you guys talk a little bit about how you might change your kind of marketing message to comfort consumers maybe? And then also, I know you guys didn't offer any information on the immediate impact the week after the Triumph, but if you have any color on kind of the magnitude of impact on bookings, I know they've bounced back, that would be helpful.
Howard S. Frank: Look, I think from the standpoint of marketing, they are making some modifications to their messaging and communications right now. I think the issue of safety and -- onboard the ships is more -- is less of a marketing issue, but it's more of a communications and public relations issue. And clearly, we've got advisors who are working with us on the -- on putting out the positive messages about the actions we're going to be taking to strengthen these areas of the ships and to improve -- further enhance safety and so on. And I think those messages will be going out from Carnival Cruise Lines over the next couple of months.
Beth Roberts: But they are -- my understanding is they are conducting consumer research right now to try to address the messaging appropriately.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, I think what's important to understand is that -- is the millions of people who come off the ship happy is our best marketing source. And Carnival Cruise Lines has millions, literally millions of people coming off the ships every year very, very happy. And 2/3 of the people are repeat passengers who understand how safe and how comfortable the product is, and we expect them to continue to book. And the last few weeks have been great examples of how strong Carnival Cruise Lines brand is. The repeat passengers, particularly, understand when a good promotion is put in place, and they jump on it and have a lot of confidence in the brand. And clearly, we saw that in the last 2 weeks. And hopefully, once the dust settles here, we'll see it again.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And then any comment on that immediate impact like the week after the Triumph? Or do you not want to speak to that?
Micky M. Arison: Well, we clearly felt an impact on Carnival Cruise Lines, sure.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Right. Any magnitude that you'd like to offer?
Micky M. Arison: Not really.
Howard S. Frank: And I don't even know that. I don't even know where you got that particularly week and...
Micky M. Arison: Yes...
Howard S. Frank: It's all there in front of us. But, I mean, it was...
Micky M. Arison: I mean, it wasn't at all -- let me put it this way. It wasn't anything like we've had in the past, September 11 or other issues. We had nothing like that. It wasn't -- we didn't go negative, plus we didn't have lots of cancellations. Yes, okay. But we had a double-digit decline in bookings.
Howard S. Frank: Somebody signaled us it was double digit.
Micky M. Arison: We had a double-digit decline.
Howard S. Frank: That can go anywhere from...
Micky M. Arison: But it wasn't huge, and it didn't last very long.
Howard S. Frank: The remarkable thing is the resiliency of this brand, so that when -- it is amazing. So even with all of this negative media coverage, it still booked a lot of business. And it will continue to book a lot of business. I think people understand the value of a Carnival vacation, the great vacations they have, and that these things occasionally will happen. And so as Micky said, our repeat passengers are still booking a lot of business. So we're okay. I mean, it wasn't a dramatic -- if we told you the number, it will be a whole lot less than you think it is. But we -- we're not -- I don't have the number and probably wouldn't tell you if I had it. It's not that dramatic. And on the other brands, it's a marginal -- we just felt it on a very marginal basis, as is I -- my guess is rest of the cruise industry did.
Micky M. Arison: Just to give you a sense, the Triumph event affected 3,000 passengers, unfortunately. The Dream event, which was a couple of hours of outages -- outage, it was really -- I mean, on the Dream, everything's been operating fine. We had one closed public room toilet that got a huge amount of publicity. But last night, we had -- we brought in Jon Secada to do a concert for the passengers on the Dream. So that was 3,000 passengers. The Dream was 4,000 passengers on a base of 4.4 million passengers that Carnival Cruise Line carries. And they come back 98%, 99% very happy. So that -- I mean, that's what's going to drive the strength of the brand.
Howard S. Frank: Even on the Dream, the reports we're getting back is a lot people are just fine. It's just that -- they're just -- they're on the ship. They're in the port. All services are working. I think they're enjoying St. Maarten and will fly back today, tomorrow and the next day.
Micky M. Arison: There was a few hours of power outages in port on Wednesday evening. But by midnight, everything was back to normal and has been back to normal ever since.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: My first question, last year, following the Concordia issue, your vocalized strategy seemed to be to try as much as possible to hold price and basically weather the storm on the occupancy side. And whether or not that's exactly what happened, I think the rationale was solid with the hopes to isolate the pricing fallout to the one brand. I was hoping you could maybe could compare and contrast your strategy going forward this year, Concordia versus the Triumph and the subsequent incidents, pricing versus occupancy, as well as sort of general marketing.
Micky M. Arison: Well, when we made that statement, based on the publicity and the situation in Italy, and obviously that was a very tragic event, it was the belief that we couldn't fill the Costa ships, particularly from Italy, at any price. And so there was no point in doing price promotion. Here, as I said, with a price stimulus that is not significantly different than last year, Carnival Cruise Lines' bookings last week for the first 3 days was up 25%. So it's a totally different set of circumstances.
David Bernstein: And let me just explain further. We made that statement, I think it was early March of last year. During that period, Costa was doing consumer studies to understand how people felt about the brand and cruising. Ultimately, I think it was right around the end of March where it appeared that sentiment was changing. And Costa did then change their strategy, came up with a price promotion approach. And starting, I think it was early April, and throughout the rest of the year. By the time we got to the fourth quarter, Costa had essentially filled their ships. So early on, we followed and we held price, as Micky said. But later on, we adapted to the environment, and we filled the ships at lower prices.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Great. And second somewhat related question, given your localized brand strategy, sort of big picture, how many of your customers do you think actually make the connection between the brand that they use and the umbrella Carnival brand? Obviously, you did a great job with Concordia last year, really isolating that fallout to Costa. Obviously, the Carnival line of ships is much bigger for starters, but is it going to be dramatically more difficult this year just given the brand associated with it, the various issues, and also the overarching company brand?
Howard S. Frank: I don't think so. I think that the consumer -- from a consumer standpoint, I think that they look at each brand as a brand. I don't think they connect the overall connection at the corporate level. So I'm sure there are some that do, but I think probably a very small percentage. But we haven't done any studies on it, to be honest with you.
Micky M. Arison: I mean, anecdotally, when I ask -- when people tell me they had a wonderful time and I ask them which ship they were on or what company, half the time they don't know.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infiniti Research.
Assia Georgieva: My first question is what do you expect -- any impact to your new builds in terms of price or delivery date, if you do need to do redundancies on those as well?
Micky M. Arison: Now based on rule changes that occurred in 2010, all of this was already baked into the new builds.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, great. And my second question is given how many moving parts there are to the European booking picture, EAA brands x Costa and with Costa, could you give us a sense as to the level of bookings for Q3, given obviously the key quarter for Europe this year versus the same time last year. And this is with Costa, with everything.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, I haven't -- we haven't broken it down by quarter, Assia. I think that what I said is that the overall occupancies and pricing for the 9 months is really very consistent with what we're seeing quarter-by-quarter, especially for the third and fourth quarters. The second quarter, of course, occupancy has caught up significantly. But -- and -- but pricing is down a little bit in each of those quarters in Europe.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The first question. It might be a hard one to answer because few of these get reported, I guess. But in a normal year, how many ship incidents do you normally have across the [ph] group, please?
Howard S. Frank: Let me -- I don't think that -- I don't think we know -- I don't think I know how to answer that question. But I will say this, that in -- over the last -- we've taken a look at ship incidents that have received some relative media attention, let's say, over the last 10 years for our group of companies versus all other ships, all other cruise lines in the world fleet. And the relative percentage of incidents for our cruise lines is almost the same, was right on point with the relative percentage of incidents of -- on other cruise lines. So there really is no difference. Unfortunately, for us, the run the last year or so, or since the Concordia incident, it has been a little bit higher. But if you go back beyond that, it was considerably lower. And by the way, these are the same people that have been running the same ships all these years. The ships haven't changed. So it's just -- sadly, we've just been hit by a run here that has been very unfortunate. And hopefully, we'll get some reprieve from this going forward. I don't know if that answers your question, Jamie, right on point, but I don't have the data.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. No, I understand. The other question was on the $0.05. I didn't fully understand exactly what that was. Was that your best estimates of the sort of revenue costs of the safety review? Or does it include any lost revenue from more time in dry dock? And I got the impression that number could go up a fair amount depending on the review. Is that correct?
David Bernstein: Well, it's a preliminary number. And it tried to cover, I'll say, lost profit if we have to move a ship into dry dock early, as well as any R&M -- additional R&M expense associated with the dry dock. It's a very preliminary number. It could move up or down. And if it's materially different, we would let you guys know. But at this point, it's our best guess.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And just as an ancillary to that, if I may. Is there a figure you could possibly give us for what you spend on sort of safety spend or safety checks, whether it's dry docks, repairs and maintenance. What's the annual sort of budget for that, please?
Howard S. Frank: Well, I don't think we found that one.
David Bernstein: We -- I don't have all that detail with me, but there's millions and millions of dollars spent on those types of things as we go through, whether it be capital, R&M, work done in dry dock. And part of our payroll is associated with that. There's audits of the ships, routine maintenance, et cetera, all associated with safety.
Micky M. Arison: And simulators that we built and man [ph] in Holland and in Germany, the train crew on deck and engine, that's in our numbers as well. So -- and we don't...
Howard S. Frank: We don't isolate the number actually.
Micky M. Arison: [Indiscernible] you asking the question.
David Bernstein: Yes.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of James Hollins with Investec.
James Hollins - Investec Securities (UK), Research Division: Oh, yes, 2 questions for me. The first is on the strategy. I've heard a bit of sort of industry chatter around Asia, and I was just looking for an update that you could give on -- particularly for out of your Singapore office, what the sort of demand you're seeing out of Asia, whether I should be expecting sort of a more aggressive move of itinerary ships over to that market in the medium term or whether I should be waiting longer for that to happen. Then the second one was on commission and transport costs. Those costs per ALBD I have down at about 11% per ALBD in the quarter. I think they've been down 10% or 11% in Q3, Q4 last year as well. Is there something particularly going on there? Is this a level that can continue given, particularly, its size in your cost structure?
Howard S. Frank: James, let me -- this is Howard. Let me take the Asia strategy discussion that we have. We have added a -- Costa's added a second ship this spring to increase -- double the size of their ships in China or in Southeast Asia for the coming years. So that seems to be going quite well. The ships are profitable. The business is good. The pricing is good. And we're very encouraged. In addition, Princess has announced additional capacity to go into the Japanese part -- market. They have one ship going, that's starting to sail, I think, in late April in Japan, that -- and then -- for, I think, a 90-day period. That has done very well. So they're adding a -- they've announced the addition of a second ship to Japan the following year. And we continue to work on the Asia strategy, and it's likely that you'll see some continued increase in capacity in Asia for us in years beyond that. So we're very encouraged by what we see. We think it's a -- it seems to have rooted -- starting to take real roots. The message that cruising is a good vacation alternative for the Chinese and other Asians is coming across. We've spent a lot of time in the Asian markets and talking at different conferences and so on. We're getting a lot of support from all the Asian governments. They've all been supportive of us coming in. And not just us, our competitors as well. So we think it's a very viable end market for us in the future. I'm going to let David talk about the commission and transportation.
David Bernstein: Yes. Yes, the line you're looking at in the P&L, keep in mind it's not only commission but also transportation, which is primarily our air costs associated with our air-sea guests, as well as a few other things. We have continued to see a tickdown in our air-sea mix. And as a result of that, there's less air costs. Less guests are buying air from us overall. That affects the number. And the other thing that has affected the number, particularly in the last 3 quarters that you mentioned, has to do with the change that we had announced in the U.K. commission structure. So those were the -- for first quarter 2013, those were the 2 drivers that brought that number down.
James Hollins - Investec Securities (UK), Research Division: Okay. And can you give us any guidance on what it might be down? Obviously, it depends on what level of air-sea passengers you have or what level it might be down. I assume down for full year '13 as a whole per ALBD.
David Bernstein: Yes. We don't forecast that because -- well, the way we look at it is we forecast on a net basis. So the yield guidance we gave you is the revenue net of the transportation and commission costs. And so we've looked at it at that level.
James Hollins - Investec Securities (UK), Research Division: Okay, I was just trying to get to sort of how aggressively sort of negative you've been on gross yield given that's coming down. But it sounds like you won't be giving me that.
David Bernstein: Yes.
Micky M. Arison: It's baked into the yields. So it really doesn't matter.
David Bernstein: It's pretty consistent. There aren't any great movements between gross and net yields as the way we describe them.
Operator: Mr. Frank, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, I think we can conclude the call right now. And I think if there any follow-on questions, Beth Roberts is around to handle them this afternoon. And thank you all for listening in. Apologies again for the short notice. We'll try to give you more notice for the next call. Thanks, everybody, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-12-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Assia Georgieva Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Thursday, December 20, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, the Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard S. Frank: Good morning, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to the Carnival Corporation conference call. With me this morning is Micky Arison, David Bernstein and Beth Roberts, and we are all here in Miami on the call. Let's start the call. I'm going to turn it over to David, and he can take you through the fourth quarter and the year 2012. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this conference call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies, therefore unless otherwise noted, as this is a more useful measure of our business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.13. The fourth quarter came in $0.04 above the midpoint of our September guidance despite a $0.02 impact from Hurricane Sandy. The improvement was driven by higher net revenue yields worth $0.05, as pricing on close-in bookings was 1% better than expected, a trend similar to last quarter. And lower fuel prices, combined with more favorable currency exchange rates, positively impacted the results by $0.03. Both of these improvements were partially offset by higher-than-expected net cruise costs, excluding fuel, costing $0.04 per share. Now let's look at our fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 2.7%. The North American brands were up 3.7%, while Europe, Australia and Asia brands -- or as we call them, our EAA brands -- were up 1.2%. Our total net revenue yield decreased 4.5 points in the fourth quarter but showed sequential improvement versus the third quarter. It should be noted that almost half of the decline in the fourth quarter was driven by Costa. Excluding Costa, net revenue yields decreased 2.4%, driven by a 4% decline in net ticket revenue yields, and that was partially offset by a 2% increase in net onboard and other revenue yields. With respect to our net ticket yields, the North American brands were down 3.7%, driven by declines in late fees in Europe and Alaska, while yields in the Caribbean and all of the remaining itineraries held up relatively well during the quarter. Excluding Costa, our EAA brands' net ticket yields were down slightly less at 3.4%, driven by the European brands, while net ticket yields in Asia were up nicely. For net onboard and other yields, again excluding Costa, the increase was 2%, with increases on both sides of the Atlantic and in all major categories of onboard revenue. On the cost side, net cruise cost per available lower berth day, excluding fuel, was down 1% versus the prior year. The decline was less than we expected in our September guidance. As I have said in the past, it's very difficult to estimate the timing of many of our expenses by quarter, and therefore, the better measure of net cruise cost performance is on an annual basis. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption per ALBD declined 4.4% this quarter, thus continuing a multiple-year savings trend. Fuel prices this quarter were up 5% versus the prior year, which cost us $0.04. In summary, the fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.13. This was lower than 2011 earnings of $0.28 per share, driven primarily by lower operating income at Costa. Now looking at the full year 2012. As Micky stated in the earnings release, this past year has been the most challenging year in our company's history as a result of the Costa Concordia incident. The ship incident had a profound impact on each and every employee of the company, both shoreside and shipboard, and has driven all of us to reinforce our commitment to the safety of our guests and crew. We have taken numerous steps to identify lessons learned and best practices. In addition, we have and will continue to implement improvements to our procedures and our training programs. Furthermore, we have improved the structure and organization of our health, environmental, safety and security-related audit functions. Over the next few years, we expect to fully recover from this ship incident and continue to build on our leadership position. For 2012, our non-GAAP EPS was $1.88 versus the prior year's $2.42. The decrease was driven by lower net revenue yields costing $0.41 and higher fuel prices combined with unfavorable currency exchange rates costing an additional $0.39. Both of these were partially offset by slightly lower cruise costs, 4% lower fuel consumption and increased capacity, worth $0.25. For 2012, our net revenue yields, excluding Costa, were in line with the prior year. Our North American brands were up slightly, but that was offset by our EAA brands, excluding Costa, which were down slightly. Our 2012 net revenue yields, including Costa, declined 2.5%. Turning to our cash flow. As Micky indicated in the earnings release, our cash from operations was $3 billion, which was more than enough to fund the net capital investments of $1.8 billion, leaving us with free cash flow of $1.2 billion for 2012. By the end of December, we will have returned all of this free cash flow to our shareholders via a $0.25-per-share regular quarterly dividend, our recently announced special dividend of $0.50 per share and by repurchasing 3.5 million of our company's shares. It should be noted that this is the second year in a row that we returned all of our free cash flow to shareholders. In 2011, the dividends paid and shares repurchased totaled $1.1 billion, which represented all of our 2011 free cash flow. Now turning to our 2013 outlook. I will skip net revenue yields, as Howard will discuss that shortly. As you know, we have an excellent record of cost control. For 2013, our operating companies have done an excellent job identifying ways to reduce forecasted costs. However, there are a few unique items [ph] in 2013 that will be difficult to totally overcome which will push our unit cost higher. To begin with, we are expecting that Costa will fill their ships in 2013, which will lead to higher food and other unit costs associated with this higher occupancy. Also, as I have previously indicated, our insurance costs will be higher in 2013. Furthermore, we are anticipating a charge from a closed pension plan for certain British officers. Finally, we are investing in new market development initiatives in Japan, China and Australia, including deployment decisions not yet announced. These unique factors alone in 2013 will drive up unit costs 2%. To complete the cost picture, as you know, we have also had some ship incident-related costs in 2012, which are not expected to reoccur in 2013, worth about 0.5%. The net effect of these factors is that we are forecasting the full year cost, excluding fuel per ALBD, to be up 1% to 2% versus the prior year. Absent these items, we once again expect to offset inflation and keep unit cost essentially flat in 2013. However, even if you include these unique factors, our 5-year expected cost trend from 2008 through 2013 will be flat net cruise cost, excluding fuel, on a unit basis despite inflation. Another multiple-year trend worth noting is our fuel consumption. As a result of our operating company's efforts over the years, we expect in 2013 to use 24% less fuel per berth than we did in 2005. This is a substantial energy saving which clearly reduces our environmental footprint. I want to share with you our current rules of thumb about the impact that fuel price changes and currency changes have on our results. To start with, a 10% change in the current price of fuel, excluding the impact of fuel derivatives, represents a $0.30-per-share impact for the full year. Please note that the impact of a 10% change obviously moves along with the price of fuel. Just to be clear, the price of Brent was just under $110 a barrel when we determined our guidance. The second rule of thumb relates to our fuel derivative portfolio, where the next 10% increase in the price of Brent for the year will not result in any realized gains, as the price of Brent would still be within the band of our collars. However, the next 10% decrease would result in a $4-million loss. For 2013, our protection begins with the price of Brent -- when the price of Brent goes above $127 per barrel, and we begin to pay on our fuel derivatives when the price of Brent falls below $100 per barrel. With respect to FX movement, a 10% change in all relevant currencies related to the U.S. dollar would impact our P&L by approximately $158 million or $0.20 a share for the full year. On a final note, for 2013, at the midpoint of our guidance range, we expect our cash from operations to be $3.3 billion. Our capital investment in 2013 is forecasted to be $2 billion, which leaves us $1.3 billion of free cash flow that we expect to return to shareholders. This would result in a total return to shareholders of over $3.5 billion in a 3-year period from 2011 to 2013. At this point, I will turn the call over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David. Before I move to the outlook, let me begin my comments by framing the 2013 year. We have 2 ships scheduled for delivery in 2013. The first is the 2,200-lower-berth AIDAstella, which will be delivered in March to our very successful AIDA brand in the German-speaking market; and the next one will be the new-generation Royal Princess, with 3,600 lower berths, which will be delivered sometime towards the end of May. These 2 ships, together with 3 ships delivered during this past year, 2012, will drive a 3.6% increase in cruise capacity in 2013. For the full year 2013, our cruise programs will be approximately 33% in the Caribbean, 19% in the Mediterranean, 12% in Europe outside of the Mediterranean, 10% in the Australia-Asia region and with the balance in various other itineraries. The largest increase in our cruise programs in 2013 from a percentage standpoint is in the Australia-Asia region and in Europe outside of the Mediterranean. Our earnings guidance for 2013 has been established within a range of $2.20 to $2.40 or a midpoint of $2.30 per share, about 20% higher than in 2012. Our earnings guidance for 2013 assumes that the U.S. does not go off the fiscal cliff in January and go into an economic recession during 2013. Hopefully, wisdom will prevail in Washington, and January will be the start of a solid 2013 wave season. In Europe, where we have a strong market presence, we anticipate continuing struggling economies during 2013, much as we experienced during 2012. With regard to our strategy to grow our European cruise businesses, let me make a few comments. From a longer-term viewpoint, we are committed to maintaining our strong national brands presence in Europe. We believe European economies will improve over time and our strong European brands positioning, together with the significant market penetration throughout Europe and the U.K., provides us with a significant market advantage. Even during this difficult economic period in Europe, our European brands continued to provide us with strong profitability and returns on invested capital. And when Europe economies start to grow again, we will have an even stronger competitive advantage. In the Asia markets, we are planning a significant increase in our footprint. In April 2013, Princess Cruises will introduce the Sun Princess to the Japanese market, and we have recently established a Carnival Japan sales and reservations office in Tokyo. With the announcement of the Sun Princess Japanese deployment, response from the market in Japan has been very strong and early signs are quite encouraging. In Southeast Asia, we are adding a second Costa ship this spring, the Costa Atlantica, doubling our capacity in the market. With the Costa Victoria operating in Asia year-round in 2012 this past year, for the first time Costa achieved profitability in China. And the 2013 operating plan forecasts a nice increase in Costa Asia's profitability. We believe Asia represents a significant opportunity to grow our cruise business in the future, and we are currently looking at expanding our business in these new and emerging markets. We recently established a Carnival Asia corporate office in Singapore, headed by Pier Foschi, who has considerable business experience operating in Asia. We'll have further announcements in early 2013 on fleet expansion in Asia beyond 2013. In Australia, Carnival Cruise Lines successfully introduced the Carnival Spirit to the market at the end of this past year, for the year that we're in, 2012, and the response from the Australian consumer has been very strong. The Carnival Spirit will be a year-round ship in the Australian market. So to sum it up, we are very encouraged about our business going forward in 2013. And although the struggling economies in Europe are having some impact on our business, we are very confident that the company will achieve solid growth in profitability over the next several years, and at the same time, be able to return significant excess cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and stock repurchases. Now let me turn to the booking picture for 2013. During the last 13 weeks, fleet-wide bookings and pricing, excluding Costa, for the first 3 quarters of 2013 are at the same levels against the very strong booking volumes we experienced last year. Not surprisingly, Costa's pricing is still running behind last year's pricing, but we expect that to change once we lap January of 2012. For our North American brands during the 13-week period, bookings are running slightly behind with slightly higher pricing. For EAA brands, bookings, excluding Costa, are running at higher levels than last year at lower pricing. We are encouraged by the recent North American booking pattern, especially given consumer distraction from the elections and postelection consumer nervousness about the pending fiscal cliff. And the recent pattern excludes some negative impact on bookings from the Northeast resulting from Hurricane Sandy. So we are hopeful that once the fiscal cliff issue is resolved and we get into January and the wave season begins, consumers will start to turn their attention to getting on with their lives and booking their cruise vacations. For the full year, from a revenue yield forecast standpoint, we are forecasting a constant currency increase in yields in the range of 1% to 2%. North American revenue yields are forecasted to come in higher year-over-year. EAA yields are forecasted to be higher when we include Costa, which will have easier comps versus last year. But excluding Costa, EAA yields are forecasted to be lower on a year-over-year basis. Given the economic challenges in the European markets in which we operate, the positive yield outlook include -- which includes, of course, Costa, demonstrates the resilience of our cruise business in Europe, the underlying strength of the European consumer and the propensity for Europeans to take their vacations even during these difficult times. And while we would have liked to see even stronger rebound in revenue yields in 2013, the less-than-robust U.S. economy and the struggling European economies will make higher pricing increases difficult to achieve. In terms of our earnings guidance for 2013, broadly speaking, our forecasted earnings improvement is expected to come from top line revenue growth of 5% to 6%, including -- which includes a 3.6% fleet-wide capacity increase and the 1% to 2% yield increase, which I previously referred to. We are also forecasting lower fuel pricing and a 5% improvement in fuel consumption. Net cruise costs other than fuel are expected to increase 1% to 2%, as David mentioned. All of this translates to an earnings per share range of $2.20 to $2.40 or approximately a 20% increase in earnings from -- if you're using the midpoint, from the $1.88 per share in 2012. Turning to the first quarter, a little bit of color. My comments on bookings in each of these next 3 quarters that I discuss will include Costa's information for both years, unless I otherwise indicate. Fleet-wide capacity for the first quarter of 2013 is expected to be 4.2% higher. 3.6% of that is in North America, 5.1% in EAA. At the present time, fleet-wide occupancy in the first quarter are lower than a year ago, with pricing slightly lower versus last year. There is very little inventory, however, remaining to be sold in the first quarter. In the first quarter for North American brands, there are 65% in the Caribbean, with the balance in various other itineraries. For North American brands taken together, occupancies and pricing are slightly lower year-over-year. As previously mentioned, revenue yield comparisons for first quarter of 2013 versus first quarter of 2012 are tougher, given our strong first quarter North American revenue yield performance in 2012, which at this point was up 5% at this point in time. Caribbean pricing is in line with a year ago. Pricing on all other itineraries, taken together, is lower than a year ago. EAA brands are 24% in Europe; itineraries up from 19% last year; 18% in the Caribbean, down from 22% last year; and 18% in South America, about the same as last year. The balance, of course, is in all other itineraries. On a fleet-wide basis, EAA brand occupancies are behind last year with lower year-over-year prices. On a fleet-wide basis, as was indicated in the press release, revenue yields for the first quarter are forecasted to be 2% to 3% lower than last year. North American revenue yields are expected to be flat to slightly lower, and EAA yields will be lower. Turning now to the second quarter fleet-wide capacity, which is up 3.2%: 2.3% for North America and 4.6% for EAA brands. At the present time, on a fleet-wide basis, local currency pricing is slightly lower than a year ago, with occupancies running behind last year, evidencing the continuing close-in booking cycle that we have been experiencing for quite some time. We expect second quarter occupancies and pricing to show gradual year-over-year improvement as we fully cycle through January of 2013. North American brands are 53% in the Caribbean in the first quarter versus 56% last year, with the balance in a variety of other itineraries. For North American brands taken together, pricing is slightly higher at lower occupancies. Caribbean pricing is higher than a year ago. Prices for all other North American brand itineraries taken together are slightly lower than a year ago. EAA brands are 59% in Europe, up from 53% last year, with the balance in various other trades. EAA brand pricing is lower than last year at lower occupancies. Although occupancy and pricing for the second quarter are behind last year, we do expect to see a catch-up when we fully cycle through the first quarter. Because of easier comparisons, we do expect to see an improvement in revenue yields for both North America and EAA brands by the time the second quarter closes. Now turning to the third quarter. Capacity in the third quarter is expected to increase 3.7%: 4.5% in North America, 2.6% in EAA. Third quarter booking patterns are still in the early stages of development, so I caution not to read too much into this information. On a fleet-wide basis, third quarter occupancies and pricing are behind last year. For North American brands, capacity in the third quarter is 38% in the Caribbean, which is about the same as last year; 24% in Alaska and -- about also the same; and 26% in Europe, which is slightly higher than last year; the balance of the itineraries in various other programs. Overall pricing for North American brands is higher than a year ago at lower occupancies. Pricing for Caribbean and Alaska cruises is higher than last year, while the pricing for European cruises is about at the same levels as last year. EAA brand capacity is 87% in Europe itineraries, which is slightly lower than last year. EAA pricing is lower than a year ago at lower occupancies. As I commented on earlier, it is still early in the booking pattern, and much of the third quarter revenue picture will depend on the strength of the 2013 wave season. We are currently forecasting that third quarter revenue yield for North America will be higher. EAA will also be higher year-over-year, with the yield improvement driven by the easier revenue comparisons for Costa in the third quarter. Excluding Costa, we do expect that EAA revenue yields to decline in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis. And with that, Charlene, I will turn it back to you, and we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess just trying to understand how much it's that you're being conservative in your guidance versus how challenging the outlook is, because you had talked about, this year, that Costa's occupancy -- the Costa brand alone, that occupancy has been down around 6 points. And so it seems like even just recovering that occupancy alone for the Costa brand would get to the company-wide yield increase that you guys are talking about across all the brands. So I guess I wonder if you can just put some perspective on that. And then, I guess, just how much lower are the other EAA brands x Costa? I guess, that's the only thing that would kind of make the company-wide be -- only up as much as Costa's occupancy recovery.
Howard S. Frank: Let me give you a -- kind of the broad strokes on it because there's a lot of details that we probably can't get into on this call. But we're going to have higher yields in North America, as I indicated. We're going to have higher yields in Costa, and we estimate that perhaps 50% of our yield deterioration in Costa last year will be recovered -- in the neighborhood of that will be recovered this year, in -- this coming year in 2013. And the rest of Europe outside of Costa will have lower yields. So that's sort of a composite of the 3 elements that make up the yield picture. And what I've tried to indicate in my comments, Robin, is that in a year in which we do have increased capacity in Europe, especially in Germany where we also had increased capacity in 2012; and given the headwinds in the economies in Europe and the very close-in booking pattern that we're seeing in Europe, in Germany, the U.K. and in Southern Europe, it's very difficult to forecast yields because it depends on how bookings start to come in, in the wave period. Whether we're conservative or we're not conservative, I think it is a forecast based on the best work that our brands can give us right now in these markets. And could we do better? Sure. Could we do worse? Of course. It is early, and let's see how it goes.
Micky M. Arison: Robin, a couple of points to make is one, I think we've been consistent in saying that recovery at Costa is not a 1-year issue. It's going to be multiple years. And we're forecasting a recovery of about half the yield deterioration. That's one item. Two is it's important to understand that we don't cycle through this until the second quarter because the first quarter was done. And the timing of first quarter in this instance versus competitors is very important, because it did happen in the middle of our first quarter when the first quarter was done. So that's impacting it as well. So I think those 2 -- the combination of those 2 things significantly answer your question.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And maybe just one point of clarification, because clearly, no one would have expected full recovery at Costa in 1 year. But it seems like the occupancy would be something that could come back pretty quickly, given that it came back between -- from January until the end of this year, that -- therefore, that 2013 Costa occupancy would be pretty well recovered, even though there would clearly be work to do on the price recovery. Is that occupancy for Costa -- are you not expecting it to be back to recovering those 6 percentage points of occupancy?
David Bernstein: Robin, yes, we are -- the 50 -- included in the 50% that Howard mentioned is a full occupancy recovery. Costa was very close to normal occupancy in the fourth quarter, and we are expecting normal occupancy and full ships for 2013. And that is the full 6% recovery in their occupancy. But as Howard mentioned, given the economy in Europe, they are expecting some price recovery on top of that, but the overall economic situation in Europe is tempering the amount of price recovery that they are expecting to get.
Beth Roberts: Plus, I would like to add if you expect the first quarter being down in pricing for the Costa brand, then their recovery in the back half of the year is a little bit heavier pricing.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So, Howard, this is also for you, just as I'm trying to digest your guidance. And I'm going to kind of preface my comments with knowing that -- with just acknowledging that. And you all have seen, as we've talked about this for many years, that talking to travel agents doesn't necessarily always correlate to what you guys are seeing. But a lot of us do it because it's helpful in our research. And that being said, our travel agents are implying to us that the 2013 yields in North America are more robust than your guidance would imply. So -- and then also on top of that, just lower capacity industry-wide should also help. So kind of if you add those 2 together, what you're seeing is that North America seems more muted than a lot of us were expecting. And I'm just trying to figure out, is this more related to perhaps the fiscal cliff right now, what we're seeing? Maybe people are holding back. Maybe some Sandy. Or are we just totally off?
Howard S. Frank: Well, I'm happy to hear that travel agents are feeling that pricing is going up. I think that's a positive. I mean, I don't know how...
Micky M. Arison: But we've also said that North America pricing is up.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I don't know how...
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, they're saying more than what you're -- higher than what you're saying.
Howard S. Frank: I don't know how that translates to our outlook, though, because I think there are many factors that play in our yield outlook that travel agents -- you can't translate from travel agents' comments and/or their individual data points. And it depends on what they're selling. If they're selling -- Caribbean looks strong now, so Caribbean business is pretty good. But then, there are long cruises. There's Europe. There's a whole variety of things that we look at. And when you ask them a question, I'm not quite sure how it's asked, how the details of it is...
Micky M. Arison: [indiscernible] first quarter is not in their mindset.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, so it's very -- but I guess the bottom line is it's hard to know when we see the reports that you guys write in terms of Europe, canvassing of travel agents, and we kind of scratch our heads -- sometimes, it's right on and sometimes, we kind of scratch our heads and see a little bit differently than they do. So it doesn't always correlate.
David Bernstein: One thing that you've got to keep in mind is that if you look at it on a quarter-by-quarter basis, we gave guidance for the first quarter down 2% to 3%, because as Micky said, when the incident happened last year, we were almost done -- we were halfway through the quarter and the booking was essentially done. And last year, our yields were up quite a bit in the first quarter, so we're going to be down 2% to 3%. Howard had indicated we do expect the second quarter to be up. But when you look at the full year guidance of 1% to 2%, that does imply, let's say, 2% to 3% yield increase in the back half of the year. So it's possible that what you're getting in the discussion with the travel agents is more relating to those types of prices than it is the first quarter, where we're down 2% to 3% from a very strong prior year.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. Last year, in North America, we were up 5 points in the first quarter. And I don't think the travel agents are focused on when you cycle through a quarter. They're just focusing on the general business.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. And then, Howard, something that you said actually gets to the next point of my question, which is, can you just kind of give us some color how things -- you said that the Caribbean is strong now, but maybe some longer cruises aren't doing as well. Can you just give us some color so we can understand the consumer mentality in terms of what things are selling well and what things have more challenges?
Howard S. Frank: Can I just say that our booking pattern in the fall has been strong? When you consider last year, it was extremely strong. But again, until we cycle the event and get into wave season, it just makes it very, very difficult.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. And on top of that, we had the elections this year, which always presents a challenge in terms of consumer distraction. And then right after the election, when things start to normalize, we had the issue with the fiscal cliff, which continues to nag us. So it -- and as well as Sandy. But I think -- yes, I mean I think we're doing okay. I think bookings -- I think if we're seeing challenges from a North America standpoint, it's more on volume in terms of we're running behind. Although pricing is okay for Europe and Alaska going forward, we're running behind on occupancy. So the question is, is that going to resolve itself during wave season? We start to -- and then there is also the challenge of the higher air costs that we're all dealing with on the longer cruises, so -- but we're trying to hold price and we think -- everybody thinks they're going to get there. But it's a long time between now and late spring and summer when these cruises start to occur.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like your guidance is not trying to anticipate what things might look like once we get past hopefully this fiscal cliff issue and other things; it's what you're kind of seeing now.
Howard S. Frank: The guidance is based on what our operating companies are telling me. And then we kind of take a look at it and if we think that -- we may make some minor tweaks to it, but only minor tweaks to it.
Micky M. Arison: We have a couple of things that makes forecasting always challenging at this time of year. One is the booking curve has clearly moved in, which makes forecasting tougher. And the fact that we have to do this prior to wave also makes it tougher.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You could change your fiscal year.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, we could. We've talked about that.
Howard S. Frank: I think the best thing is to resolve the fiscal cliff, and we'll all be happy. Even if we have to pay more taxes, let it happen already. It's painful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question is, if you go back to when you had your last earnings call, have things changed meaningfully? Like if you were to have given guidance then versus now, would you say it's about -- would have been about the same?
Howard S. Frank: When you say would I have changed guidance, I don't think I know what guidance would've been back 3 months ago for 2013.
Micky M. Arison: I would say one thing. We have been saying that Northern Europe and the U.K. have been strong. And in fact, in '12, we had a good year in both Germany and the U.K. We're starting to have -- to see some effect of a weaker economy both in the U.K. and Germany, which we really didn't see a whole lot in '12. So if there's anything different, I'd say we're a little bit more concerned. Although those brands are performing well, we are a little bit concerned going forward as the booking curve has tightened in those countries.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I guess I was just trying to get at, have things gotten a little bit incrementally better or worse since then? And that's helpful. And as you kind of look out to Europe, I know you typically talk about some of the markets that are weaker and stronger. Has anything changed over the last month or 2 in any of the markets to make you a little bit more optimistic or pessimistic? Just maybe point out a market or 2 that you think has maybe changed.
Micky M. Arison: I think I just did. It's really Germany and the U.K. where we had a very good '12, looks a little bit weaker and the booking curve has moved in.
Howard S. Frank: On the other hand, I should say, in Germany, we have -- just in the German market, we have a lot of additional capacity coming in on top of capacity last year. So there's a big capacity increase and we've got a closer-in booking curve. Germany, you may recall the German market, I think, was more profoundly affected than -- like Italy as a result of last year's -- last January's event. So I think that's been a little bit slower to come back, although all the data and consumer research we've recently seen suggests that the German market will come back and that things -- and people are feeling much more positive about taking cruises. So we think that's still a good market.
Micky M. Arison: The other thing that I haven't seen a lot of focus on is some of our competitors have talked about reducing capacity in Europe. But in reality, our 2 largest competitors together have increased their Northern Europe capacity by over 20% next year. So the Northern Europe itineraries have tended to be the highest yielding itineraries in the European market, and that capacity increase -- it will be interesting to see how that all plays out.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura group.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Quick question. This 1% to 2% is not a particularly satisfying number, and could you give us your perspective after 2 years of Arab Spring and Costa? Is it disappointing to you? And do you think that some of it is perhaps related to the amount of capacity that has moved into Europe? Does it maybe argue for moving some of the capacity out of Europe? And then the last add-on question is, from the point of view of profitability per berth, how close are you in Asia to maybe shifting some capacity to Asia and lifting your yields and EBITDA per berth?
Howard S. Frank: So you made 3 comments, Harry. This is Howard. Is the 1% to 2% not -- are we not satisfied with it? I think -- directionally, I think we're satisfied with it. Sometimes, it's difficult -- consensus for yields in the investment community don't always match reality or what we see as reality in our particular markets, or even what our competitors are doing. We do have a lot more increase in capacity, I think, in 2013 than our competitors have. One of those increases will be in the German market. Perhaps that -- and on top of capacity increases we had last year. So when you look at Europe and Germany, we like the business there. We think it's a great -- it's an under-penetrated market. It's got great demographics. And even in these very challenging times, we get very good profitability from these brands, even if yield's down 1% to 2%, and excellent returns. So we see the strategy as staying in Europe as the right strategy for us. And to continue to penetrate those markets, it only strengthens us from a competitive standpoint in the future. So -- which is my comments -- my earlier comments. I don't think moving ships around because we start to see some weakness in a particular market. By the time you move them around and get them to the new markets, then the old markets come back. So to us, that's a very short-term solution to what we think is a poor long-term strategy.
Micky M. Arison: A couple of things. One is I think you got to look at the yield improvement after the first quarter, which is higher than the number you stated. Secondly, satisfied -- I wouldn't be satisfied if it was 5 or 6. I mean we always want more, obviously, and we always push for more. The reality though is that our focus is profitably, our focus is profit per berth day. We get overly focused on yield sometimes. And a great example of this is the fact that we're forecasting fuel consumption to be down 5% next year. And to do that, we had to make some itinerary adjustments that risk yield. And so we'll trade yields for lower cost. And then it -- the yield number looks lower. The example I've used in the past was when we went from 6 to 8 transatlantic on Queen Mary to 7, we would be perfectly happy to have gotten 6.5 days of yield versus 7 because the reduction in the fuel cost made up for more than the 1-day yield. So it's -- yield is just part of the equation. The real key is doing everything we can to increase our profit per berth day.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then just a quick -- I'm sorry, go ahead.
David Bernstein: I was going to say, your last -- you mentioned Asia there at the end, and I think both Howard and I alluded to Asia and the fact that there will be more announcements relative to Asia going forward.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. As you know, we've opened a Singapore corporate office that Pier Foschi will be heading up for us. And by the end of the first quarter, we should have more deployment announcement in that region.
Howard S. Frank: And also, Mario Draghi said earlier in the week that the European economy is coming back in the second half of the year. So we're waiting for that to happen.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And God bless us if his crystal ball is accurate. Just one follow-up on Asia. Separating yield growth from cost, how does Asia compare to Europe and North America from both your ability to price up? And also is it just more expensive to operate in Asia?
Micky M. Arison: It is more expensive to operate. And brand by -- the question you asked is very difficult when you take a mix of all our brands. But if you look at the Carnival Cruise Line deployment in Australia, yes, their yields are up. If you look at the Princess deployment, it's also positive. So clearly, again, we're going to make deployment decisions, hopefully long term, to increase our profit per berth day.
Howard S. Frank: But the costs that we're looking at today with a very limited fleet, especially in Asia, it's not necessarily representative. If we had built a fleet there, we have more ships over there, we'll get some -- certainly some shoreside benefits from it. And as infrastructure is created over there to handle the ships, there will be some benefits to cost. So it will take some time, but costs essentially are higher, but the yields are good. So we're okay. And we'll just have to be a little bit patient. But we think it's a great market to develop and a great new market for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I'm kind of intrigued by the comments you made about the U.K. and Germany getting somewhat softer. And I think it would probably be helpful to know just roundly kind of what the yields were like for your U.K. brands and how [ph] you did this year, and what the differential might be going into 2013 and how much that's weighing on your overall yield guidance.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, look, I think we said yields will be down. We're not going to get into that. We don't really, Sharon, discuss yields for individual companies in the group. We never -- we just don't think that's a smart thing to do from a competitive standpoint. But from a directional standpoint, they're going to be down. And we have gotten more into the yield issues in Costa because of the unique circumstances last year, but we're not going to go beyond that.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I guess, are you seeing stabilization yet in either of the countries? Or is it a kind of moving target right now?
Howard S. Frank: What we're seeing is a close-in booking pattern both in Germany and the U.K. And we haven't seen actually that much deterioration in pricing. But the question is, if you don't start to see the business coming in strongly in wave season, you may have to move some pricing down. So some of this yield guidance we're giving you is really a future, to look at the crystal ball and say, "Well, what possibly can happen in the third and fourth quarters here?" And it's difficult -- it's more difficult to estimate it today because of the closer-in booking pattern.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Can you remind us what the -- sorry, go ahead.
Micky M. Arison: Clearly, the German economy weakened in the second half of the year, and all of our capacity increase in Europe next year is in Germany. So it's not surprising that there'd be some pressure on yields in Germany. On the other hand, the brand -- the primary brand in Germany is a stellar performer for us and will be next year as well at slightly lower yields.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I seem to recall the U.K. has a long booking window. I don't know if that's the same for Germany. Can you remind us how those booking windows kind of compare to the overall average?
Micky M. Arison: The U.K. had our longest booking window.
Howard S. Frank: But they also sell long cruises. They have -- especially in the winter time, they'll -- they do have a few around-the-world cruises and long cruises...
Micky M. Arison: 5 ships. 5 ships going around the world.
Howard S. Frank: So those tend to book way in advance. So the first quarter in the U.K. looks like it's shaping up pretty well right now. It's really the forecasting the second, third and fourth quarter with the closer-in booking pattern, because the cruises you're selling coming into the spring and summer are shorter-duration cruises. It starts to look like them -- like the booking patterns in many of the other businesses including our German business, which is shorter cruises.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: David, I guess this question is probably best for you. I think you said on -- I want to make sure this is right. In terms of the cost assumptions next year, did you say if you strip out the higher insurance cost and the higher pension cost and the development cost, your cost assumption would basically be flat?
David Bernstein: Correct. And if you take into account the prior year ship incident costs, we would have been flat year-over-year.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then what happened in the fourth quarter in terms of is there -- were there 1 or 2 things that kind of drove that cost number higher than you guys were expecting?
David Bernstein: No. It's all the way across the board in a number of instances. There wasn't anything specific. It's -- as I said before, it's really tough quarter-by-quarter. I mean, if you remember back in the third quarter, we beat the cost guidance we -- and this quarter, we were above. So you got to look at the full year on an annual basis.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the onboard side of things, those numbers have actually been trending, I think, a little better than most people have expected, and just maybe how you're thinking about the onboard trends as we move into '13.
David Bernstein: Our onboard trend overall around the globe is -- for '13 is very similar to '12. '12, we were up like a little over 2%, and our guidance for '13 is in the similar range with increases in all the major categories. Our operating companies have done a great job with some new initiatives, and so we're expecting those to be driven higher as well.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess last question for -- probably for Micky, I guess. In terms of the -- with the potential changes here in tax law, I mean, how are you guys thinking about deploying your free cash here over the next couple of years back to shareholders? Is it kind of a wait-and-see mentality right now in terms of how you do that? Or can you just give us some color on that?
Micky M. Arison: Well, what we've said over and over is we're going to return free cash flow to shareholders. Until we know what the tax law is going to be, it's hard to really respond. But once we know that, obviously, we'll take it to the board and see what -- if they prefer a different direction or same direction or whatever. But until we see the final package, it's very hard to guess. And so what we've done so far, as you know, is that special dividend at year end, and we're waiting to see what happens in January.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just to revisit your guidance on Europe, you've seen Thomas Cook and TUI basically imply that over the next 6 months, that things are kind of flattish in terms of bookings and pricing. So again, just to summarize -- or to take that guidance versus what you're seeing out of Europe x Costa, is it truly just a capacity issue, that you're adding capacity in what's been your strongest market, Germany? Is that, to boil it down, what we can take away as the difference?
Howard S. Frank: One of the ways -- I don't know enough about how they manage their business at TUI and Thomas Cook. But they can -- I do know historically they can move capacity up or down in order to generate higher prices. So it's not always a good analogy to look at what they're doing and how they're faring in the market from a pricing standpoint versus we're doing -- certainly, we do have increased capacity.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. Generally, when they talk about volumes, they talk about absolute volumes. When we talk about -- and we're talking about capacity adjusted. I don't believe they do that. And so if we just had flat volumes, we'd be in deep concern, especially in Germany where our capacity increases.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then to revisit, I guess, some framework on Costa, given the 2 ships that are out of service and then the Concordia top of that, I think in previous calls, you mentioned that $300 million would be sort of a new normalized run rate as far as profitability in Costa. I just wanted to clarify, are you counting in the new ships that Costa will be taking delivery of? It would seem that yes, you lost 2 ships. You sold one, got rid of one and then the Allegra, what happened there. Those weren't that, I can't say, profitable, but had less profitability, higher cost structure clearly than Concordia. But now you're adding -- going to be adding 2 new ships. Could that -- with the new ships, could that new normalized run rate be back closer to the original $400 million?
Micky M. Arison: First of all, I'm not going to comment on your number. I'm not exactly sure where it came from. But we only have one ship under contract for Costa at the end of '14, so the profitability would not be seen until '15. So I mean that's all I can say at this point, that we'd expect Costa's profit to be up in '15, obviously, with at least the capacity increase that they have.
Howard S. Frank: We do believe that Costa -- that over -- from after '13, we continue to believe that Costa will continue to grow its profitability in '14 before the new ship is delivered. So whether it gets back to the numbers that they previously had, that will take a few years. We've always said that, that may take a few years.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a final question relating to the return of capital. It appears again that the company, as you stated in the past, was going to return the excess free cash flow. With the special dividend this year, has there been any further thought regarding coming up with a formularic [ph] portion of that on a go-forward basis?
Micky M. Arison: I think we're now defering to see what comes out of Washington and then we'll make a decision on how we go with that forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: A couple of questions. First of all, the good close-in bookings that we have seen both in Q3 and Q4, are you expecting that Q1 is not going to be a repeat of that? We are basically a quarter of the way into the quarter, and I would think you're already there seeing those, or you don't see them and therefore guidance is not including any pickup on sort of just near-term pricing.
David Bernstein: Yes. We gave you our best guess for first quarter, which included what we expect the close-in bookings to be. We're typically 85% to 95% done at this point for the first quarter, and we're in that range. So it's very hard to read every last booking. Maybe we get a little better or a little worse, but we gave you our best guess for the first quarter.
Howard S. Frank: Which is what we do every -- It's what we do every quarter.
Assia Georgieva: I understand. But it's safe to assume that you expect the continuation of this trend at least to some extent in Q1.
David Bernstein: We built into that forecast good, solid bookings for the remaining 10-odd percent of the occupancy for the first quarter.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, okay. And the second question is, based on all the troubles that Europe is in and the fact that shipyards may be a lot more open to discussions in terms of ship cost, have you looked at any newbuilds? Especially the Carnival brand is not going to have anything any time soon and Holland America has been without a newbuild for a while. In 2015, you do have almost 5% capacity coming in, at least based on my figures. So for 2016, '17, is this a good time to actually be speaking to them? Or are you holding off and focusing primarily on returning free cash to shareholders?
Micky M. Arison: Well, we've committed -- we've said now for 5 years that we'll be building 2 to 3 ships a year. That's what we're doing. Whether the yards are doing well or not doing well, whether the price is plus or minus 5% or 10%, it's not going to make us build more or less. I mean, we're going to do it when the returns are right and in a much more conservative way than we've done in the past. We believe that the growth rate in the industry needs to slow, and that's what we're doing.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. So, Micky, if I read you correctly, right now, you'll be holding off to see how the near-term demand picture, meaning over the next 6 months, a year, develops before you actually commit to anything?
Micky M. Arison: I don't want to say that it has anything to do with near-term demand because these are long-term decisions. These are 3- to 4-year delivery and then 30-year assets. So I would say that our strategy hasn't changed. We're talking 2 to 3 ships a year. There's nothing imminent. We've just recently announced a Carnival Cruise Line newbuilding and a Holland newbuilding, and we have nothing imminent right now other than what we recently announced.
David Bernstein: And for the years you're talking about, '16, '17 and beyond, we have plenty of time, so we don't have to make decisions today. We can do that at some point in the future.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I think we've exhausted just about everything. But just to be fair to you guys, I mean, it does sound like this is really a short-term booking issue and that given what you're seeing right now, it's hard to really give much guidance beyond what you've provided. So am I reading that correctly? I think you said it earlier, Howard, just about this is the time of year you give the 2013 and this is what you're dealing with at this time.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, it certainly is more challenging to give guidance for 2013 because of the closer-in booking pattern that we're seeing, and it -- so there's sort of a wider span of where this -- how this could all play out than in past years when we had a longer-term -- we had a longer booking pattern. So it's more of a challenge. There's more estimating here, and we think we've factored in reasonable estimates. And as I said before, if we do better, that would be great and if we -- but it does -- there are no guarantees. These are just our best estimates.
Howard S. Frank: Clearly, 3 or 4 weeks into wave season, you have better sense of where you're going, so...
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Rick Lyall with John W. Bristol.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: I have 2 questions. The first is the fuel efficiency. 5% is a good number. I think it's much stronger than a 2% to 3% kind of number you were guiding to over the last several years, and some of that is itinerary-driven. How much further do you have on the itinerary runway to realize fuel efficiency versus other operational improvements?
Micky M. Arison: It's funny because each itinerary is modeled, you make these decisions based on certain price levels of fuel, and so you're willing to give up x amount of yield for y amount of fuel savings when fuel is at one price and a different decision based on another price. So it's hard to tell. I think our brands were very aggressive this year to get the fuel cost down and took some yield risk to do it, and I'm sure that's baked into their forecasts. And we firmly supported those decisions, and there is some additional risk to it on the yield side. But we believe that profitability-wise, it's the right decision. To go beyond -- a lot of these discussions are longer than 1-year term. And so I believe that we will see significant fuel savings in '14 as well. But whether it will reach this kind of level or not, I don't know. Historically, we've been at the 2% to 3% range a little bit more. And -- anyway, we pushed hard this year and I suspect we will continue to see some savings in '14.
Howard S. Frank: And new ships, more efficient ships will drive some of the metric as well, plus retrofitting ships with new technologies are also drivers. It's a combination of things that are driving the 5%.
Micky M. Arison: About half of it has been -- about half or a little bit more than half next year is itinerary-driven.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: All right. Second question, and this is a very long-term question. What do you think the global balance of your capacity should be? How much should be in Asia? How much should be in exotics? How much should be in Europe? How much in the U.S.?
Howard S. Frank: I don't think you really know the answer to that question, because as we all look at the Asian markets as a new market and potentially a strong market for us, it's going to take a while to build it and to get the visibility for cruise vacations in those markets. Over time, look, I mean Asia, it should be no different why Asia is any different than Europe and the U.S. So you can see a relative -- but over the long term, you can see a relative equal balance. But it can take a long time to get there. I'm talking over the...
Micky M. Arison: This is the kind of thing that we're tweaking all the time. We're always working on the margin. I mean yesterday, Carnival Cruise Lines announced a ship being moved from the East Coast to the West Coast because of demand cycles in Canaveral versus Long Beach. So you're looking at this -- management is looking at this stuff every day and looking towards '14 and '15 and where their brands should be relative to where they are now.
David Bernstein: But with a 2-year decision time horizon, as Howard said, this will take time to balance out.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to you.
Howard S. Frank: Well, thank you very much for the good questions and the tough questions, and we want to wish -- take this moment to wish everybody a happy and healthy holiday season and new year, and we look forward to seeing you in the new year. All the best. Thank you.
Micky M. Arison: Thanks, everybody. Happy New Year...
David Bernstein: Thank you. Happy holidays.
Micky M. Arison: Happy holidays.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-09-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Carnival Plc and Chief Executive Officer of Carnival Plc Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Assia Georgieva Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc. Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, September 25, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer with Carnival Corporation. Please go ahead.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, Andre, and good morning, everyone. Let me just sort of comment that Micky Arison and Beth Roberts are in London at the moment so they are joining the call from London. David Bernstein and I are here in Miami. I'm going to turn it over to David and let him start with some of the color on the third quarter and talk a little bit about the costs going forward.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that as some of our remarks in this conference call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currency unless otherwise noted as this is the most useful measure of our business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter was $1.53. The third quarter came in $0.09 above the midpoint of our June guidance. The improvement was driven by better-than-expected pricing on close-in bookings worth $0.07, and lower net cruise costs excluding fuel worth $0.05, both of which were partially offset by changes in fueling currency, costing a combined $0.03. Now let's look at our third quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 3% and North American brands were up 3.4%, while the Europe, Australia and Asian brands, or as we call them our EAA brands, were up 2.1%. Our total net revenue yields decreased 5% in the third quarter, of which 3 percentage points were driven by Costa. Excluding Costa, total net revenue yields decreased only 2%, driven by a 4% decline in net ticket revenue yield, offset by a 5% increase in net onboard and other revenue yields. With respect to the net ticket yields, the North American brands were down 4.8%, driven by declines in Europe and Alaska, while the Caribbean yields held up very well during the quarter. Excluding Costa, our EAA brand net ticket yields were down only 1.8%. For net onboards and other yield, again, excluding Costa, the increase was 5%. For net onboard yields alone, the increase was over 3% on both sides of the Atlantic. The rest of the increase was driven by other revenue yields, which resulted from a small change in accounting for our Alaskan tour business. On the cost side, net cruise cost per available lower berth day excluding fuel were down 3% versus the prior year. This decline in net cruise costs per ALBD, was greater than we expected in our June guidance. However, part of the lower net cruise costs in the third quarter relate to the timing of expenses between the third and fourth quarter and not a reduction in expenses for the year. As I said in the past, it is very difficult to estimate the timing for many of our expenses by quarter, and therefore, the best measure of net cruise cost performance is on an annual basis. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel consumption, our consumption per ALBD declined 5.7% this quarter, thus continuing a multiple-year savings trend. Fuel prices in the quarter were down almost 4% versus the prior year, which saved us $0.03. However, this was partially offset by realized losses on fuel derivatives in June and July, which cost us $0.02 per share. Currency rates this quarter versus the prior year cost us $0.09 per share as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar. In summary, the third quarter non-GAAP EPS was down $0.16 versus $1.69 per share last year, driven by the lower earnings at Costa. Excluding Costa, our non-GAAP net income would have been up slightly. Excluded from our non-GAAP EPS but included in our GAAP EPS were unrealized gains on fuel derivatives of $136 million or $0.17 per share, resulting from marking to market our portfolio of fuel derivative. These gains almost completely offset the unrealized losses we recorded in the second quarter. As a result, at the end of the third quarter, the mark-to-market balance sheet position on our fuel derivatives was an unrealized gain of $13 million. As we first discussed on last December's call, we believe it is more meaningful to evaluate our earnings performance by excluding the impact of unrealized gains and losses on fuel derivatives until the gains and losses are realized. This appropriately lines up the economic impact of the fuel derivatives with the underlying fuel price risk that is intended to mitigate. In June, we entered into additional 0 cost collars for 2014, 2015 and 2016. We now have 0 cost collars in place that cover approximately 38% of 2013's consumption, 29% of 2014's consumption, 24% of 2015's consumption and 15% of 2016's consumption. As I mentioned on the June call, we are comfortable with the level of protection we have through the end of 2013, but we will look to opportunistically increase the other percentages over time. Before turning to our 2012 outlook, I wanted to update you on our stock repurchase program. On the last call, I indicated we had restarted the repurchase program. Through the third quarter, we repurchased 2 million shares for $67 million. Currently, there's $265 million remaining under the repurchase authorization. Now turning to our 2012 outlook. I will skip the net revenue yield outlook as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, the full-year net cruise cost excluding fuel per ALBD are forecasted to be down 1% versus the prior year, which is consistent with our June cost guidance. On a final note, I wanted to give you a preliminary view of cost for 2013. As you know, we have had an excellent record of cost control. In fact, over the last 4 years, from 2008 through 2012, despite inflation, we have managed to reduce our net cruise cost excluding fuel on a unit basis by about 2.5%. Looking forward, our operating companies will continue to do an excellent job finding ways to reduce costs for 2013. However, there are a few unique factors in 2013 that will be difficult to totally overcome which will push our unit cost higher. To begin with, we are expecting that Costa will fill their ships in 2013, which will lead to higher food and other unit costs associated with this higher occupancy. This will simply be a reversal of the occupancy-driven unit cost reduction in 2012. In addition, as I have previously indicated, our insurance costs will be higher in 2013. Furthermore, we are anticipating charges relating to a closed multi-employer pension plan for certain British officers and crew. The multi-employer pension plan accounting rules require us to expense our contributions to fund planned deficits when the invoices are received. Finally, our increasing emerging market deployment for Japan by Princess, for China by Costa and for Australia by Carnival Cruise Lines will also increase our costs. These unique factors alone will drive our unit costs up 1.5% to 2%. Therefore, I am expecting overall unit costs excluding fuel to be higher in 2013 compared to 2012. Over the next few weeks, we will be visiting each of our operating companies to review their 2013 annual plan. We'll have a much clearer picture on costs for 2013 after those meetings, and it will provide detailed guidance on the December call. At this point, I will turn the call over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David. And again, good morning, everyone. I'm going to cover fourth quarter of 2012, and give you some highlights of how 2013 is shaping up, at least for the first half of the year, from a revenue yield standpoint. As we indicated in the press release, on a fleet-wide basis, excluding Costa, at the present time, advance bookings over the next 3 quarters are behind last year at slightly lower prices. However, booking patterns have recently strengthened and the occupancy gap has closed considerably, still not fully closed but it's closing. My comments this morning will focus on booking and pricing patterns for the next 3 quarters through the first half of 2013. Unless otherwise indicated, my comments on 2013 bookings and pricing will be inclusive of Costa. Not surprisingly, 2 different pictures are emerging for our North America and EAA markets over the next 3 quarters. For North American brands, advanced bookings for the next 3 quarters are about at the same level as last year at slightly lower ticket prices. I will focus my comments on bookings on first half of 2013, and provide separate color on fourth quarter of 2012 advanced bookings later in my comments. First half of 2013, North American brand pricing is slightly lower than a year ago. However, pricing for the 2012 first half at this time was significantly higher over the prior years, so pricing comparisons are a bit tougher. What is encouraging for North American brands is that in the last 6 weeks, bookings and pricing for the first half of 2013 are running higher year-over-year, so during the last 6 weeks, we are catching up on bookings at higher price points, a very positive sign. Turning to EAA. As you might expect, the picture for EAA brands on a combined basis is quite different. At this time, advance bookings for the next 3 quarters excluding Costa are at lower levels versus last year, and at slightly lower local currency ticket pricing. All my comments about EAA pricing are on a local currency basis. I will also focus my comments on bookings for the first half of 2013, and provide separate color on the fourth quarter advance bookings for EAA later in my comments. For the first half of 2013, the lower year-over-year EAA occupancies are more significant for the continental European brands, Costa, AIDA and Ibero, which were more affected by the events of this past January. However, when we fully cycle through January of 2013, we expect to see occupancy comparisons improve. Having said that, we are forecasting that EAA pricing for the first half of 2013 will continue to experience a gradual decline as we build occupancies. Of course, EAA booking patterns are also feeling the effects of the sluggish European economies and we expect that to continue in 2013. A very positive sign is that during the last 6 weeks, EAA bookings have been running significantly higher for the fourth quarter of 2012. So we are seeing strength in EAA bookings with bookings trending to closer end dates. On a fleet-wide basis, for the first half of 2013, we are forecasting lower revenue yields in the first quarter and higher yields in the second quarter. We anticipated increase in second quarter yields results from an increase in ticket yields for both our North American and European brands against the easier comparisons to last year's second quarter. As a reminder, until we cycle through January of 2013, the revenue yield picture will be challenging. I should also mention that extrapolating the current booking trends, especially for the European brands, is far more challenging this year given the very different booking pattern we are experiencing versus last year. So take these forecasts as our best estimates for the revenue yield picture for the first half of 2013. Let me make a few separate comments about Costa. While our business planning for 2013 is still a work in progress, we are expecting that Costa Cruises will swing back to solid profitability in 2013, after a very challenging 2012. Based on consumer research, the brand perception in each of Costa's major markets is gradually improving so we are greatly encouraged by the resiliency of the brand. Beginning in the second quarter of 2013, we expect Costa's revenue yields to nicely increase year-over-year against easier comparisons for last year's second quarter. We are very pleased with the progress that Costa has made, and our expectation is that Costa's financial performance will continue to improve as we move into 2013. In 2013, we have 2 ships scheduled for delivery, the AIDA Stella or our AIDA brand in Germany will be delivered in March of 2013. The very successful AIDA brand is one of our best performing cruise brands in the company. And we congratulate Michael Thamm and Michael Ungerer for the great job they have done in building this very successful franchise in Germany. In late May, we take the Liberty of the Loyal Princess, the first new ship for the Princess brand since the Ruby Princess was delivered in late 2008. The new generation Royal Princess has 3,600-plus lower berths, with a potential capacity of 4,100-plus passengers. The ship has many innovative new features including a dramatic overwater sea walk, private poolside cabanas and balconies on all of its outside state rooms. Bookings for the Royal Princess, which begins sailing next summer, have been very strong. Fleet-wide capacity for 2013 is expected to increase by 3.4%, 4.1% in Q1, 3.2% in the second quarter, 3.8% in Q3, and 2.4% in the fourth quarter. North American brands will be up 3.3%, and Europe brands are up 2.8%. The Europe brands growth is in the German market, with the addition of the AIDA Stella. Capacity for other brands in continental Europe and the U.K. is actually down slightly in 2012. Australia and Asia capacity is up 8.5% as we continue to drive capacity growth toward emerging cruise markets with the addition of the Costa Atlantica to Costa's Asian fleet in the spring of 2013. And Princess' opening of a new beachhead in the Japanese market with the Sun Princess later in 2013. Apart from AIDA, which is our strongest performing brand in Europe, we have slowed our capacity increases for our North American and European brands. Of the 7 ships on our current order book, 3 are for AIDA, 2 for Princess, one for Costa and one for P&O. The strategy adopted by the company several years ago was to limit capacity growth to 2 to 3 ships per year to our fleet, with the addition of new ships to our brand being done on a more selective basis going forward. As a result, the Royal Princess delivered in 2013 will be the first ship added to the Princess fleet in 5 years, and the new P&O ship in the U.K. to be delivered in 2015 is 5 years after P&O's Azura was delivered in 2010. The strategy is to build ships for those brands with stronger ROIs and which have been successful in taking on additional capacity in their markets without compromising pricing with the existing ships in their fleet. Turning to earnings guidance for 2012. Our guidance for the full year EPS is unchanged under the midpoint of $1.85, and a range of $1.83 to $1.87. Stronger-than-expected revenue yields together with lower cost and expenses is expected to be offset by an increase in fuel costs in the fourth quarter, which is higher than we previously forecasted. Now let me turn to the fourth quarter. Fleet-wide capacity in the fourth quarter is expected to be 3.2% higher than last year, 3.9% for North America brands, 1.3% for EAA brands. Fleet-wide pricing, and this excludes Costa, is lower than a year ago on slightly lower occupancies. There is very little inventory left to sell in the fourth quarter. North American brands are 43% in the Caribbean, slightly higher than a year ago, 14% in Europe, same as last year with the balance in a variety of other itineraries. North American brand pricing is lower than last year with similar year-over-year occupancies. Caribbean pricing is flat versus a year ago, and Europe itinerary pricing is lower versus last year. Pricing for all other itineraries taken together is slightly ahead of a year ago. EAA pricing in the fourth quarter is lower versus last year at slightly lower occupancies. This excludes Costa. Pricing for Europe cruises, which represents 61% of EAA itineraries, is lower, and for all other itineraries taken together, pricing is flat. Costa's occupancies across all itineraries have caught up with last year but at lower prices. We do expect, however, that Costa's year-over-year revenue yield performance in the fourth quarter to improve from the third quarter. Fourth quarter 2012 earnings guidance is forecasted to come in between $0.07 and $0.11 a share for a midpoint of $0.09 -- $0.19 per share swing from the $0.28 per share on the fourth quarter of 2011 is comprised of lower pricing of $0.22 a share, and negative changes in fuel and currency costing $0.08 a share and that $0.30 a share is offset by lower cost than we previously forecasted to get to the $0.19 downswing. Now turning to the first quarter of 2013, for the first and second quarter of 2013, my comments include Costa's data for both years. Fleet-wide capacity for the fourth quarter of 2013 is expected to be higher by 4.1%, 3.5% in North America, and 5.1% in EAA. At the present time, fleet-wide occupancies are lower than a year ago, with pricing slightly lower versus last year. In the first quarter for North American brands are 65% in the Caribbean, but same as last year 13.5% in Asia Pacific, up about 2.5 points from last year, and the balance is in various other itineraries. North American brands taken together, occupancies and pricing are slightly lower year-over-year. As reported in our last call, pricing is higher for all but one of the North American brands but slightly lower in total, partly due to itinerary changes and mix for that one brand. As previously mentioned, revenue yield comparisons for first quarter 2013 versus first quarter 2012 will be tougher, given our strong first quarter North American yield performance in 2012. Caribbean pricing is slightly higher than a year ago, Asia Pacific pricing is lower, pricing for all other itineraries taken together is lower. As to EAA brands in the first quarter, EAA is 24% in Europe itineraries versus 19% in the prior year, 18% in the Caribbean, down from 22% in the prior year, 24% in Asia Pacific versus 21% in the prior year, and 18% in South America, which is about the same as last year. On a fleet-wide basis, EAA brand occupancies are behind last year with slightly higher pricing excluding Costa and slightly lower pricing when Costa is included. Although pricing and occupancy for Costa's bookings in Q1 are lower on a year-over-year basis, the year-over-year price differences from the third and fourth quarters of 2012 are narrowing. Caribbean and South America pricing is slightly higher than a year ago, and Europe and Asia Pacific pricing is lower. On a fleet-wide basis, we are currently expecting that by the time the first quarter closes, revenue yields will come in lower than the strong first quarter of 2012, primarily as the results of the lower EAA brand pricing. Turning to the second quarter of 2013, fleet-wide capacity for the second quarter is up 3.2%, 2.3% for North America, 4.5% for EAA brands. At the present time, on a fleet-wide basis, local currency pricing is slightly lower than a year ago, with occupancies running behind last year. Similar to the first quarter, the second quarter comparisons are against the prior year which, at this time, had stronger pricing. Because of the falloff in bookings beginning last January, we expect second quarter occupancies and pricing to show gradual year-over-year improvement as we fully cycle through January of 2012 -- I'm sorry, January 2013. However, I should also caution that it's still early in the booking cycle and you should not read too much into the second quarter booking picture at this time. For North American brands there are 53% in the Caribbean versus 56% last year; 13% in Asia Pacific versus 10% last year; with the balance in various other itineraries. For North American brands taken together, occupancies and pricing are slightly lower, Caribbean pricing is slightly higher than a year ago, Asia Pacific pricing is lower than a year ago, prices for all other brand and itineraries taken together are lower than a year ago. EAA brands are 59% in Europe, up from 53% last year, with the balance in various other trades. EAA brand pricing for Europe cruises is lower than last year, and pricing for all other EAA brand itineraries taken together is flat versus a year ago at lower occupancies. Although occupancies and pricing for the second quarter are lower than a year ago, we do expect to see a catch-up when we fully cycle last January's incident. And while it's still early in the second quarter booking cycle, as I mentioned earlier, because of easier comparisons, we do expect to see an improvement in revenue yields beginning in the second quarter for both North America and EAA brands by the time the second quarter closes. So that's how we see the first half of 2013 shaping up from a revenue standpoint, as well as from a cost standpoint as David pointed out. With that, we will turn it back to you, Andre, for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First question is, Howard, I wonder if you could just touch on, for a moment, the promotional environment. We know it's been heavy throughout this year but as you're looking towards the first half of '13, just wondering if you could tell us what that looks like? Are you seeing a declining need to stimulate demand through promotions?
Howard S. Frank: Well, Felicia, it's a question that covers a number of different brands. But broadly speaking, I think it's fair to say that in order to keep demand going, we have been and will continue to have a fairly heavy spend in promotions and sales. That seems to be driving the business. And if we do it smart and we do it selectively, I think that's fine for us, I think. And that's been -- but that's been going on for quite some time. It really hasn't changed it. Now look, that will vary by brand. Some brands experiencing more demand right now, other brands, a little bit slack demand depending on the markets that they're in. But they're pretty smart guys and as they see -- if they see any kind of revenue fall off or booking fall offs, they're out there with their promotions in order to stimulate the market. I can't answer the question any better than that.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, that's actually helpful and gets to the crux of it. And then just in terms of visibility, obviously, you said second -- we all know when you look out that far, but has your visibility improved at all -- I guess what I'm really asking is what is the booking curve look like? Is the nature of the business still very close in, and again, not so concerned about the rest of this year but as we look to early '13, is it still very close in or is that getting -- is the booking curve getting extended a little bit?
Howard S. Frank: For certain brands, it's still pretty -- it's still close in. It's -- you're starting to see some evidence of it pushing out more recently because of the recent increase in bookings over the last quarter, but it's still closer in than it has been historically, so we're starting -- and that's been the pattern. It's more so the pattern in the European brands. We're seeing it more in the European brands but we're also seeing a little bit of it but not quite as much in the American brands.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted to clarify one thing you said, Howard, and then I have a question. Just looking at kind of the incremental rather than the cumulative booking, when you meant -- you made a comment about the last 6 weeks that the first half of 2013 was higher. Was that in volume or in price or was that both? I don't know if I completely caught the specifics of that.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, let me go back and check, but I think -- certainly it was in volume and I think it will depend on the market. David, what's...
David Bernstein: Yes, we did comment in the press release. It was up 9% for the last 6 weeks excluding Costa, and prices were in line with last year's level. And over the same period for Costa, we said the 9% increase is at lower prices.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just looking at Costa and what's happened this year, obviously, it looks like your fleet or yield guidance didn't change that much for Costa, right? And sort of the non-Costa brands thats gotten a little better and Costa yields maybe still being down, that 15% to 20% for the year. Can you quantify how much of that you expect to be occupancy decline for the Costa brand this year versus price? Because just thinking about recovery in 2013, that the occupancy is easier to see that coming back without having to even think about raising prices, just kind of thinking about that part of the recovery.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, I think, and David looking up the occupancy, the declines year-over-year but when we look at and when we go beyond into the second quarter and third quarters and fourth quarters, a good piece -- I think we're looking for both price and occupancy increases. Clearly, we expect occupancies to get back to more normal levels for the Costa brand. But I think we're also expecting increase in pricing because of the easier comparisons. But a good chunk of what we lost was in 2012. A good part of what we lost was occupancy because we stopped -- we lost all the bookings during wave season when it started for Costa and they didn't really get back into the market any significant until later on in the spring and then still not in a very significant way. So it was a tough year for marketing for Costa. It has been a struggle. But we're starting to see the turnaround but we won't start to really see the numbers until the second quarter of 2013.
David Bernstein: Howard, the occupancy drop was 5% for the year but it was over 11% and almost 6% for the second and third quarters. So there was very significant occupancy hits in the second and third quarters, and third quarter obviously be most important.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. And as I mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we actually -- we're back with the same occupancy year-over-year as you can see that, that's the biggest hit was in that second and third quarter.
David Bernstein: Yes, we're virtually flat in the fourth quarter with occupancy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Quick follow-up question on Costa. Of the $3 billion to $3.1 billion in EBITDA that Carnival will generate this year, how much of a drag, EBITDA drag was Costa? And then by the same token of the $3.7 billion, $3.8 billion of EBITDA last year, how much did Costa contribute?
Howard S. Frank: Why don't we focus on operating earnings, Harry. Will that work?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: All right, that's fine. Yes, that's fine.
David Bernstein: Yes, Harry we had said back, I think it was on the March call, that we had expected a decline in about 500 million [indiscernible] to lose...
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you start again please? I'm sorry, David. We were interrupted.
David Bernstein: No, that's okay. Back on the March call, we had indicated that we're reducing our earnings as a result of Costa by about $500 million, and that Costa would lose about $100 million this year. So that was what we gave back in March. It turned out to be a little bit better than that but not significantly different.
Howard S. Frank: The swing was $500 million negative.
David Bernstein: The swing was $500 million negative from the December guidance, but the absolute was negative $100 million.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then the second question I had relates to just changes in deployment. If you move a ship from the European or Mediterranean market to Asia, should that generate higher or lower pricing at this point? And what impact does that have on your EBITDA?
Howard S. Frank: Well, let me just mention to you that the Costa ship in Asia this year, which is a single ship of -- the first time we've had a 2,000-passenger vessel, had enjoyed -- actually, because it was very positive revenues and actually stronger revenues than we had for the rest of the Costa brand, but of course, the Costa brand was affected by the events from last January. We're also -- and the reason for moving a second ship to Asia is Costa was the first company to really to start deployments in Asia for the Asian market in China. And for many, many years, we made an investment in terms of taking up some losses. We had, first, a smaller ship, then 2 smaller ships and then we moved to the Costa Victoria, which is a larger ship. We had the Classica there for a while as well. So now, it's going to show a small profit on the one ship in Asia, and that's -- at good prices so we're going to move a second ship over. It's not just China, it's all the other Asian markets as well for Costa, so we expect it to be profitable.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And what sort of pricing -- incremental pricing are you -- do you expect to see over the course of the next 6 to 12 months in Asia?
Howard S. Frank: Well, I don't have that in front of me, and to be honest with you, I haven't -- we're just in the process of starting to review operating plans, and I haven't even looked at the Costa operating plans. We'll start that next week and one of the reasons Micky and Beth are already over in London is we're flying over, David and I are flying over on Thursday and we start our planning and budgeting reviews of each of the brands in Europe next week, later on this week.
David Bernstein: Although, Harry, I can tell you, if you look back, the ship in Asia did better than the average of the Costa fleet in -- or expected to do in 2012, albeit keep in mind that those are depressed yields for Costa in 2012.
Micky M. Arison: You also have to keep in mind, you're talking about one ship on 100-ship fleet, so increased profitability are not on the margin is small compared to the 100-ship fleet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel Nicolaus.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First of all, I guess the onboard spend was a lot stronger, well, not a lot stronger but a good bit stronger than what we were looking for. Can you just kind of comment, was that across-the-board? And maybe what you're seeing in terms of the European brands and how onboard it's kind of trended over the last couple of months?
David Bernstein: Yes. Onboards have been strong all year. First of all, if you break out just onboards from onboard and other, because the other was impacted, to some degree, as I mentioned, by the accounting change we had for the Alaskan tour operations. But onboard was up a little bit over 3%. It -- excluding Costa, on both sides of the Atlantic in the third quarter, it was up in the neighborhood of 2% to 3% in the first 2 quarters, and we're expecting -- we're forecasting about 2% in the third quarter on a normalized basis. I say on a normalized basis because we had a couple of credits last year from guaranteed payments in the fourth quarter of last year, so if you actually look at the as-reported numbers included in our forecast, onboards would look more flattish to down. But we've had steady increases all year long, and we've been very pleased with that, and it's essentially across all of the major categories. We've seen increases in bar, we've seen casino, shore ex and shops and those 4 categories make up about 80% of our onboard. So we're very pleased.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then second question, I guess you guys just made a recent change in terms of your commission structure for just the Carnival braid. Is this -- is that something you'll essentially try to push out to the rest of the brands? And then your kind of second question of that is -- has there been much pushback from your agent community?
Micky M. Arison: Yes, we didn't make any change in the commission structure. All we did -- all Carnival Cruise Lines did was play some catch-up on override targets. Virtually all our other brands and most of our competitor brands adjust their override targets based on capacity increases and do it either every year, every other year but do it on a relatively regular basis. Carnival Cruise Lines hadn't done it in 10 years. And so basically, that was a catch-up of capacity increases, which over those 10 years, was 50% and adjusting and also simplifying the override goals. That's all it was.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you just talk a little bit more about the capital allocation plans? You did return some cash to shareholders through the $67 million stock buyback this quarter, but you have capacity for much more. Could you just talk about how you're thinking about that, especially versus dividend? And also, David in the past has talked about essentially a variable dividend where you would true up some kind of dividend payout based on your earnings or your cash flow. How is the Board starting to think about these issues over the next 6 to 12 months?
David Bernstein: Steve, you got to keep in mind that our excess free cash flow for this year based off of our September guidance is almost about $400 million. So we have returned in total, I think it's $69 million through the share buyback program this year. So there's not a huge amount of excess free cash flow for 2012, but we will continue to opportunistically buy back shares. As I mentioned, we still have $265 million remaining under the repurchase authorization. Hopefully, that excess free cash flow will continue to increase. And then as it increases, we've got to talk to the Board about the variety of alternatives we have that we've gone through in the past, including a formulaic annual dividend as one option. But at the moment, these are things we're thinking about for the future when the excess free cash flow grows.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And the idea, we're seeing some other companies start to talk about a special dividend, especially this year. Should we assume that's off the table?
Howard S. Frank: Well, look, we have -- Steve, I think it's fair to say we have an October Board meeting, we discuss -- when discussions of dividends, purchases of stock, treasury stock and so on come up, so if there's anything to be said after the Board meeting, we'll make an announcement. But I don't want to suggest that we are going to do anything.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. Special dividend has not been high on our consideration list for this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions. First one, as you look across the different big European markets over the last 1 month, 2 months, 3 months, has any one market either gotten a lot better or a lot worse?
Micky M. Arison: I would say that U.K. and Germany has held up better than we expected in the last 2 conference calls, I would say, a little bit. While Italy, France and Spain struggled -- well, I'd say France did okay. Italy and Spain continue, especially Spain, to be very difficult. And actually surprisingly, Costa, despite having a difficult time pricing-wise, maintained its market share in these markets. They either maintained or even increased market share in these markets. So I thought that was an interesting stat.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Good, that's helpful. And also just with the volatility in the Middle East, has there been any impact to what you're seeing from your either North American or European-sourced business over the last week or so? I know the last 6 weeks had been pretty good, but the last week, have you seen some volatility around kind of the recent events?
Micky M. Arison: We've had some itinerary port cancellations, but we only have -- I think it's -- if you look at '13, about less than 10% of our capacity calling in those kinds of ports. And most of it is behind us for '12. The peak of it is generally in the third quarter. So it hasn't been much of an issue to date. We do have one ship that Costa has a small ship operating next year at the beginning of the year in the Red Sea, and that could be an issue if this continues much longer. But other than that, it's just one small ship really.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: My first question is with regards to your expectations about wave season 2013. We had a very strong start to wave 2012, and so one would think that unless we have exogenous events, we should probably expect a pretty decent wave 2013. Has the changes in the European economies made you think that it may be less robust than what we saw a year ago or early this year rather?
Howard S. Frank: I think, at this point, each, it's difficult to say. I think that Europe has been soft for a while throughout this year, even last -- throughout '12, even '11, and we're seeing a continuation of it. So the comparisons may not be all that difficult for us in Europe insofar as wave season's concerned. We lost a lot of the wave last year after January. So all the brands were impacted last year's wave. So relatively speaking, we came on strong but then it weakened considerably in 2012. This year, we suspect that it will be a more sustainable wave but we'll have a better picture of it later on in the year when we can see because we haven't really -- a lot of the more marketing starts later in the fourth quarter so we'll have a better sense of it from a demand standpoint. Later in the fourth quarter, we'll see how things go but I think we're feeling pretty positive about the situation. But Europe is challenging but we're there for the long term. It is a strategy that we think will work. We like the European demographics, we like the market. We think we're still -- the market is still considerably under-penetrated relative to other developed markets so we like our investments in Europe from a long-term standpoint and we'll get -- and once we get through this quite -- this difficult economic challenges that we're experiencing, especially in southern Europe, as Micky indicated, I think we'll start to see some stabilization and some very positive results for the company longer term.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And my second question relates to Costa. I understood that occupancy is flat at present year-on-year. Am I correct in that or did I miss something?
David Bernstein: What we said, it was in the fourth quarter that our expectation was for occupancy to be essentially flat year-over-year.
Howard S. Frank: Right now, the existing occupancy at this point, fourth quarter, they caught up so they're flat year-over-year, relatively.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And based on that, should we expect that in 2013, instead of a loss -- of the loss of $100 million in operating income that we saw this year, we may see profitability in the $200 million range? Is that in the range?
David Bernstein: We're not at a position, at this point, to give specific guidance on Costa for 2013, but we do expect Costa to do better next year and it will continue to improve. We'll see more improvement obviously in 2014 as well. And so we'll give you more color on that in December.
Howard S. Frank: What I did say in my comments is that we are expecting solid profitability for Costa in 2013. So yes, we will get back to profitability.
Micky M. Arison: You have to remember also that Costa will operate next year with 3 less ships than they had this time last year because we sold the Marina and Allegra and we know what happened to the Concordia. So even if they do very well, they're not going to have the revenue from those 3 potential ships.
Assia Georgieva: But they may get pricing because they have less capacity to sell hopefully?
Howard S. Frank: Hopefully.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lena Thakkar with HSBC.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: Just firstly on Q4 yields. I'm just trying to first square the circle on your guidance of minus 5% to minus 6%, which is similar to where Q3 actually came in. But then in Q3, you said part of 3 percentage points of the 5% were down to Costa, and in Q4, the occupancy goes back to flat versus I think it was minus 6% in Q3. So I'm just trying to understand where the weakness, the incremental weakness comes from. Is that Costa pricing or pricing on brands outside of Costa in Q4 that you're expecting?
David Bernstein: I think one of the things you've got to keep in mind is when you look at the fourth quarter, the onboard and other yields are down considerably from the third quarter because of all of the fourth quarter items that we had last year that I mentioned before in onboard and other. The net passenger revenue is more flattish with the third quarter when you compare the -- when you look at the total company.
Howard S. Frank: But I think what we've said is that Costa's -- on a year-over-year basis, their pricing will come down from the third quarter because fourth quarter is typically a challenging quarter notwithstanding because it's out of season, the demand factors are lower. So we are seeing a narrowing on a year-over-year basis, meaning an improvement in Costa's pricing when you look at it, and we expect that to continue into Q1 as well. So it is getting better. But right now, as we sell, we caught up on occupancies, we're selling at lower prices to do that. That's what I said. I'm not sure if I answered your question but...
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: Yes, it was slightly convoluted question, but that's helpful. And then...
Beth Roberts: The fourth quarter for Costa yields were slightly better but it was more pricing than occupancy. And for the rest of the company outside of Costa, we are expecting yields to not show the same level of close-in demand that we enjoyed in the summer season because it's seasonally a little bit weaker in the fourth quarter than you normally would see at for close-in demand during the summer.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a quick one on fuel consumption. Obviously, the reduction there of 5.7% recently is significant. I'm just wondering how we should think about that going into 2013. And what your sort of ambitions are on reducing fuel consumption in the midterm?
Micky M. Arison: We have this question every year now for 3 years. We're working very hard to reduce consumption and we believe that we can continue to do that at significant levels. And I think next year, we'll do it again is my perception.
Howard S. Frank: I don't know that we'll continue to achieve the 6% improvement but...
Micky M. Arison: We're looking 3% for the year, right? We're looking at 3% for the year.
David Bernstein: 3% for the year [indiscernible]
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: So are there any special measures that you've taken to get it to that 6% level?
David Bernstein: There isn't any one, it's an accumulation of hundreds of little things that we've done over time to get to the 6%.
Howard S. Frank: But there's a lot -- as we go through the next -- this past few years and the next several years going forward, there's a lot of retrofitting of equipment onto the ships to reduce consumption, power consumption, just more sophisticated controls, fan systems and so on. And also, where the opportunity comes up, we can change around itineraries a little bit to get some reduction in fuel costs. So there's a variety of things that we're doing. Also I should mention that from a metric standpoint, as we add ships to the fleet, the newer ships so far are designed for lower fuel consumption, so we're seeing some marginal benefits in those numbers from that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: There was something in the press release that said due to the timing of certain expenses. Can you refresh our memories on what those expenses might be and if that's a permanent change going forward?
David Bernstein: No, that was just a timing between the third and fourth quarter, and that was part of the reason why our costs were better than we had guided for the third quarter versus the June guidance. The largest item was an adjustment to one of our insurance reserves. We expected the actuary to deliver the report in September, and they delivered it last week in August, so we wound up making a journal entry. There were some other changes in advertising, professional fees, hotel maintenance, et cetera, and it's really just a timing difference between the third and fourth quarter and not a permanent difference for the year or on an ongoing basis.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then has any of the delivery of the ships in the future changed where capacity growth maybe has changed a little bit for the forward years or does that remain the same?
Howard S. Frank: That's the same thing. We haven't changed any delivery dates for the existing order book, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall with John W. Bristol.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Two questions. A follow-up on the fuel conservation question. The 6% number is maybe twice what you guys have realized previously in any quarter. Can you talk about how much was itinerary and how much was onboard efficiency?
David Bernstein: Rick, we don't have the detail between the technology versus itineraries. A tremendous amount of detail we'd have to grow through to try to split that out. We did actually forecast about a 4.5% increase in the third quarter. We did better than we had expected. I mean, I think I've said this in the past. Typically, our maritime guys are a bit conservative. Hopefully, they've been conservative for the fourth quarter as well, and we'll do better than what we're expecting there. But I don't have the detail to break that out.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Okay. Follow-up question. Just kind of looking at the numbers you cited on Costa. If we think about a $500 million swing and perhaps a $100 million being removed due to capacity adjustments, should we think about your normalized level of profitability for Costa is $300 million?
Howard S. Frank: You mean to get back to the where we were at the prior year?
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Yes.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, I mean, well, as a broad number, you could say that. I mean -- but a lot of the ships that went out -- the capacity that left were the 2 smaller ships in addition to Concordia, so -- they were never very profitable ships to begin with. So there's a devil in details here so I'd rather not to commit to anything like that. But then certainly, they're going to try to get back to as much profitability as they can. But to climb back to where they were before will probably take another 1 year or 2 years beyond 2013.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Okay. That was my follow-up question, if you'll get there by 3 years would be kind of like a return cliff or return ramp.
Howard S. Frank: We would hope. We would hope that's
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I apologize. My phone's been going in and out during this call so David, if you already talked about this, my apologies. But you mentioned a few items that would pressure net cruise cost next year. I was hoping you could give us some sort of order of magnitude on those buckets?
David Bernstein: Sure. The largest is the deployment change. They're all fairly similar in size but the deployment change is the largest. The MNOPF or the multi-employer pension plan is worth about $25 million next year. And the Costa occupancy is slightly smaller than that on a unit cost basis, and those are -- that's the relative magnitude of those items.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And of those 3 items, is the multi-employer pension plan kind of true up? Is that a one-time only issue for next year or is it ongoing?
David Bernstein: Well, I'd love to believe that it's one-time only. But we've had this one-time only issue every 3 years now for a number of cycles. Apparently, the way it works is they do an estimate every 3 years and then they bill us. This remember, it's a closed plan so we've got no new members going in or anything like that but we do have to fund the existing commitments. So if, it was a deficit, depending on what the stock market, what happens in the stock market in all their investments over the next 3 years. There could be a deficit or surplus in 2016. If there was a deficit, we would have to fund it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson with Jefferies Capital.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions for you. First one is the language you used to describe the outlook in the Q3 statement. It's almost the same as you used in the Q2. So I'm just slightly puzzled as to what you think has changed materially for the better in that period? And sort of leading on from that, what would you view as a good result for 2013 net revenue yield increase, what would you be happy with as a management team?
Beth Roberts: I'll answer the first part. The language in the press release is similar with regard to booking volume. Booking volumes were strong both in the period leading up to June and the period leading up to September. In this current outlook, pricing has improved, so we're generating the same level of booking volumes with less price action.
Howard S. Frank: And Ian, on the question of yield expectations for 2013, I think we'll be in a much better position. It's still early for us. After we get through the planning process which starts this week, we'll have a better [indiscernible] We don't have it. We don't have it right now.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up would be, I think either you had or David said that the booking curve was a little bit closer and then historically was the norm. Does that mean that you're outside of those numbers you've given us in the past about 55% to 75% mix quarter out booked or is it sort of still at the bottom end of that?
David Bernstein: We're at the bottom end of the numbers that we've historically given you.
Howard S. Frank: I think what was said was that the North American market is basically in the norm booking pattern-wise, but it's really the European market that's gotten a little bit closer in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Thomas with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I realized this will be quite a difficult question to be precise about, but I wonder whether within your full year net yield guidance, excluding the Costa brand, whether you could provide any sort of interim estimate of the extent to which that is negatively impacted as a result of what happened with the Costa Concordia in terms of the disruption to bookings curve at that stage of the year?
Howard S. Frank: Nick, you're right on your introductory comment to that question. It would just be -- it would be a guessing game to know. There are so many -- there was so much noise that we've had in the markets this year apart from the event last January, including deteriorating economies, problems in Greece. I mean, there's just so many factors here, higher airfares this year for North America and flying to Europe and the impact from that. I don't -- I couldn't even begin to guess.
Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, is there any validity, I guess, thinking back to the guidance that you gave in December, on a group-wide basis. The guidance excluding Costa now is probably sort of a couple of points worse than that guidance. Does that provide a decent steer? Or is there just too many other things that have occurred subsequently?
Micky M. Arison: Clearly, when the time we gave the December guidance, we were comfortable with that guidance. You can do the math. But a lot of things other than the events of January, as Howard said, has happened. But I think, clearly, and right up until January 13, we were very, very comfortable with that guidance was good or even conservative.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, if you look at our guidance back last December, which was a midpoint of $2.70 a share, if you take out fuel and currency changes which affected us by about $0.30 a share, and just the Costa swing in profit is about $0.64 a share, that more than makes up for the -- for where our mid -- our guidance is of $1.85 today at $0.90, $0.95. So in all other respects, I think we've performed as expected and we gave up a little bit in yield on the outside of Costa with the other brands but we've also saved quite a bit on the cost side. And in fact, I think those 2 elements, if you take them together, probably would've taken us down even further than $1.85. So we've been improved from the operating line if you take fuel and currency and Costa out. And I'm talking about now all the other brands. Just kind of give you a global picture. And then also -- it's also how we see it too. So even though [indiscernible] okay, the other brands did just fine actually, if you take out the fuel part.
Nicholas Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure, sure. And then a completely different question if I can. Just in relation to the fact that you have recommenced some share repurchases recently. Is it whilst you're not going to be true on sort of how you will return funds to shareholders. Is it logical given that you did some share repurchasing last year and you did a little bit more recently, that we should be looking at your sort of overall leverage structure maybe on a debt-to-EBITDA basis this year end and then at last year's end, and thinking about that as a level with which the management team is comfortable with, and therefore, going forward, to the extent that you've got excess free cash flow one way or another, whether theres dividends, special dividends, share buybacks, you'd look to keep that kind of leverage structure in place. Is that a logical way to think about how you think about that issue?
Micky M. Arison: Well, that is -- the answer is yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on one of the previous questions with Costa getting back to roughly a $300 million normalized run rate. Would it be reasonable, again, just to clarify a previous answer, you're seeing 2014 or 2015, you'd feel more comfortable in that area without obviously really knowing?
Micky M. Arison: Yes, I mean, they get the capacity back at the end of 2014, so that would give them the opportunity really of getting back fully in 2015. But it's going to take some steps, as Howard said. It's going to take 2 or 3 years but we're going to make a very positive step. We're going to make -- we believe we're going to make a very positive step in the first year.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I apologize if I missed this but just any color on dealing with the increased emissions requirements going forward and some of the things that have been coming out regarding credits and so forth? And I apologize if you made any commentary on that earlier in the call.
Howard S. Frank: No, we didn't comment on the call. We continue to work with EPA to try to come up with an arrangement, at least for the next several years to see if we can do something called averaging, weighted averaging. We haven't been successful but we've got that also from a legislative agenda standpoint in Washington. We're also pushing for a legislative fix to allow us a period of time to demonstrate what we can do on a weighted averaging basis. But I would also say that when it comes to this issue, that there's a number of new technologies that are going on in the R&D area, in research area, that we're very hopeful on that could help us in this respect as well. So we continue to work so that by the time 2015 comes around and these anchors gets spread across the globe, we can mitigate the increased fuel cost. But there's a lot between now and then -- a lot of time between now and then we're hopeful we can get it done yet in one form or another.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And again, also the $180 million guidance that you've given previously on that, that was on a static fleet at that point in time of guidance, and clearly, you've made additional progress since then so even more opportunity beyond now, correct?
David Bernstein: Yes, we'll take a look and update those numbers in our 10-K.
Howard S. Frank: About 2015.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Rollo with Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just two quick ones on cost please. Has your underlying cost guidance changed? I see the one-offs you mentioned but are you still looking for net unit cost of flat to half inflation or are you finding sort of more pressures as your capacity growth slows?
David Bernstein: I think what I was trying to indicate is we have these unique items that are going to affect our cost next year, which would be probably on top of flat to half of inflation is a good way of thinking about it.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So sort of 1.5% to 2% excludes that cost
David Bernstein: Excludes the flat to half of inflation, but I'll throw in one other point to think about is that this year, we did have some unique items relating to ship incidences which will go away, which will benefit us to the tune of about 0.5 point. So net, you're probably looking at 1 to 1.5 points on top of flat to half of inflation.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then the other one is just on your Fun key [ph] guidance for Q4, 739. It's about 20% above the guidance a quarter ago, but wholesale prices up about half that or less? Is there anything else in that number? It looks very high to me.
David Bernstein: Well, you've got to keep in mind that there's also some additional eco requirements in the fourth quarter that weren't in the third because on August 1 is when the eco requirements started, and so that will affect the comparisons that you're looking at.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: What's the impact for 2013 then on that basis, for the remaining 9 quarters?
David Bernstein: Let's see. On an annualized basis, you're probably looking at an eco impact of let's just say $50 million to $55 million, and probably 1/3 or 40% of that was in this year so you probably got an incremental $30-odd-million next year.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just quickly, Beth, if you could just give us your second, third and fourth quarter deployment in the Med. And I think Micky said that you have about 10% in eastern Med, just wanted to confirm that?
Beth Roberts: Yes. For the second, third and fourth, you're asking for 2013? I'm just trying to figure out.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, 2013.
Beth Roberts: So 2013, in the Med, we have 6% in first quarter, 17% in the second quarter, 25% in the third quarter, 28% in the fourth quarter and 19% of the full year. And that's both East and West. So of the 19%, roughly half of it is the eastern portion.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And how much was eastern this year in 2012?
Beth Roberts: It was about the same. It was less than 10%.
Operator: Our next question is another follow-up question from the line of Rick Lyall with John W. Bristol.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Just one last question, guys. What were the unreimbursed or uninsured expenses that ran through your P&L for the Concordia incident?
David Bernstein: It was about $30 million -- well, through the 9 months, about $30 million and that's pretty much it for the year, then maybe another $1 million or something. Not much.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, thank you, all very much for your questions and if there's any follow on, I guess people would get in touch with Beth. But everybody have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.
Micky M. Arison: Thanks, everybody.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-06-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Committee Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Carnival Plc and Chief Executive Officer of Carnival Plc David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc. Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Assia Georgieva Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division David Leibowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Edward Stanford - Oriel Securities Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Carnival Corporation Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Friday, June 22, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead.
Howard S. Frank: Good morning, everyone. We are all here in Miami: David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; Beth Roberts, VP of Investor Relations; and Micky Arison, Chairman and CEO of Carnival Corporation. Before we proceed with the formal comments this morning, I'm going to just turn it over to Micky.
Micky M. Arison: Hi, everybody. I just want to warn you that -- many of you know we had quite an exciting evening last night and a very long evening last night. So if during the presentation you hear any snoring in the background, that's me, and I apologize if I'm not totally coherent this morning. But I'm going to do the best I can. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Micky. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this conference call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies unless otherwise noted, as this is a more useful measure of business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter was $0.20. The second quarter came in $0.13 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The improvement was driven by better-than-expected pricing on close-in bookings and higher onboard and other revenue worth $0.05. Lower net cruise costs, excluding fuel, were worth $0.03. Lower fuel prices were worth $0.01; and 2 nonrecurring items, each worth $0.02. The first nonrecurring item relates to insurance proceeds received for the total loss of Costa Concordia in excess of its net book value and was forecasted to be received in the third quarter in our March guidance, while the second nonrecurring item is a litigation settlement we received relating to Queen Mary 2's propulsion pod. Now let's look at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased over 2%, roughly the same for both the North American brands and the Europe, Australia and Asian brands or, as we call them, our EAA brands. Our total net revenue yields increased -- sorry, decreased 1.4% in the second quarter. However, excluding Costa, total net revenue yields increased 1.1%, with net ticket revenue yields flat and net onboard and other revenue yields up 4%. With respect to net ticket yields, the North American brands were up 1.5%, driven by improved yields in the Caribbean and Alaska, partially offset by lower yields in European and other itineraries. During the second quarter, slightly more than half of the North American brand's capacity was positioned in the Caribbean. Excluding Costa, our EAA brands' net ticket yields were down 2.7%. For net onboard and other yields, again excluding Costa, the increase was 4%. This was driven by our North American brands, while our EAA brands, excluding Costa, were flat despite lower occupancy. We were pleased with the results, as we saw improvement in all categories of onboard revenue. On the cost side, net cruise cost per available lower berth day, excluding both fuel and the 2 favorable nonrecurring items I previously mentioned, were down 2.2% versus the prior year. The decline in net cruise cost per ALBD was greater than what we expected in our March guidance. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption per ALBD declined 3.2% this quarter, thus continuing a multiple-year savings trend. Fuel prices this quarter were 12% higher than last year, costing us $0.09 per share. Currency rates this quarter versus the prior year cost us an additional $0.02 as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar. In summary, the second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.06 lower than 2011 earnings of $0.26 per share, driven by higher fuel prices as reduced revenue yields were more than offset by lower net cruise costs. Excluded from our non-GAAP EPS but included in our GAAP EPS were unrealized losses on fuel derivatives of $145 million, or $0.18 per share, resulting from marking to market our portfolio of fuel derivatives. As we first discussed on the December call, we believe it is more meaningful to evaluate our earnings performance by excluding the impact of unrealized gains and losses on fuel derivatives until the gains or losses are realized. This appropriately lines up the economic or the cash impact of the fuel derivative with the underlying fuel price risk, which it is intended to mitigate. In March, we entered into zero cost collars for an additional 19% of our estimated fuel consumption for the second half of fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013, bringing the total to approximately 38% for this period. We feel comfortable with this level of protection for the next 18 months. In addition, we also have zero cost collars in place that cover approximately 19% of our estimated fuel consumption for fiscal 2014 and 2015. We will look to opportunistically increase these percentages over time. While the unrealized losses on fuel derivatives are excluded from our non-GAAP EPS, realized losses are not. Through the end of the second quarter, there were no realized losses. However, our non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance for 2012 includes $0.07 per share of forecasted realized losses on fuel derivatives by applying the current Brent prices to the derivatives that settled in the second half of 2012. Now turning to our 2012 outlook. I'll skip net revenue yields, as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, for the full year, net cruise costs excluding fuel per ALBD are forecasted to be down 0.5% to 1.5% versus the prior year. This is 1 percentage point better than our March guidance. Our operating companies identified opportunities in a number of areas to further reduce costs. Certain expenses relating to the Costa Concordia incident were less than we had forecasted, and the litigation settlement I previously mentioned also contributed to this improvement. On a final note, I wanted to share with you our current rules of thumb about the impact that fuel prices and currency can have on our results. To start with, a 10% change in the current fuel price, excluding the impact of fuel derivatives, represents $0.26 per share for the full year. For the remaining half of 2012, it represents $0.13 per share. As we all know, the price of a barrel of oil has moved substantially in recent days. Just to be clear, the price of Brent was $93 a barrel the other day when we locked off our forecast. The second rule of thumb relates to our current fuel derivative portfolio where a 10% reduction in the price of Brent for the remaining half of 2012 would result in an additional $0.04 of realized losses on fuel derivatives that would offset the $0.13 per share favorable impact from the reduced price of fuel. With respect to FX movement, a 10% change in all relevant currencies relating to the U.S. dollar for the remaining half of 2012 would impact our P&L by $0.11 per share. At this point, I will turn the call over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David. Before my formal comments, let me just mention that the Miami HEAT winning an NBA championship last night is a defining moment. It's broader than just basketball. It really is a defining moment for the community. It brings the community together, so there's quite a bit of an excitement down here. Most of us have lost sleep, Micky more than anybody else. But it's -- we'd like everybody to offer congratulations to the HEAT Organization, to Micky Arison and, of course, to LeBron James, who was absolutely spectacular. We were all involved, and we all either watched it on TV or at the arena, and so it was a great evening and a great week for us. Now to my formal commentary. As we indicated in the press release, during the second quarter, we experienced a significant improvement in booking volumes for all of our brands in North America and EAA. Over the last 7 weeks, booking volumes, this excludes Costa, have run 8% ahead on a year-over-year basis. The booking momentum percentages are approximately the same for both North America and EAA brands, the percentage improvements that I'm talking about. For Costa, the booking momentum for the 7-week period has even been more encouraging, running approximately 25% ahead year-on-year. Loss of booking momentum beginning this past January and continuing through the end of March resulted in our falling further behind in our year-over-year occupancies across all of North America and EAA brands. Toward the end of March, marketing programs were restarted, which included significant price initiatives to stimulate consumer demand, and we began to see a strong rebound in bookings beginning in early April. I think it's fair to say that the revenue yield impact from the pricing initiatives taken during this period was slightly greater than we had originally anticipated. Perhaps to some degree, this may have been attributable to the further softening in consumer demand which was experienced this spring, particularly in the North American market. Also, as we mentioned in our prior earnings call, the significantly higher air cost for North American passengers traveling to Europe caused bookings for these itineraries [ph] to slow and resulted in our having to take further price reductions for these programs. During this past spring, North American brands experienced slightly lower pricing than we originally forecasted. North American brand European itineraries experienced the largest declines in pricing, not just because of the slowing North American market but also because of the challenges in locally sourcing business from the softer European markets for these sailings. As a consequence, for the remainder of 2012, we have modestly reduced our revenue yield outlook for North American brands for the second half of the year. And for the full year, North American brand revenue yields are now forecasted to be flat on a year-over-year basis. Revenue yields for our European brands, excluding Costa, are also forecasted to be slightly lower than previously anticipated, primarily due to the significant softening in the Spanish market. Ibero, our Spanish cruise line, has suffered a significant decline in revenue yields. Fortunately, there were just 3 ships operating in the brand, so the impact of the struggling Spanish economy on our financial results has not been significant. The good news in Europe is that bookings and pricing for the U.K. and German brands have held up reasonably well during this past spring. Please keep in mind that all of my comments on revenue yields are in constant dollars. Now turning to Costa itself for the Costa brand. The picture has improved. Costa's booking volumes stimulated by significant pricing initiatives as part of their remarketing campaign introduced in April have shown considerable strength. And this has been in all of their major markets: Italy, France and Germany. For the last 15 weeks, volumes were 13% higher for Costa. And the last 7 weeks, as previously mentioned, Costa's booking volumes were running 25% higher year-over-year. Costa suffered significant loss in booking volumes beginning in mid-January, which created a huge gap in their occupancies for the remainder of 2012. Costa's revised marketing strategy has been focused on catching up on bookings lost during this earlier part of the year. So it's not surprising that pricing has been deeply discounted. We do expect that when the year-over-year occupancy levels begin to normalize, Costa's cruise pricings for -- prices for 2013 should start to firm up. Costa's revenue yields for 2012 are forecasted to be down in the mid-teens levels on a year-over-year basis, and we expect Costa's operating loss to be in the range of $100 million. While I'm on the subject of Costa, let me just make a -- take a minute to comment on some recent management changes at Costa. As we indicated in a press release earlier this spring, we have made some new senior management appointments in our Costa Cruise group, which is comprised of Costa, AIDA and Ibero Cruises. For some time now, there was a plan in place for Pier Foschi, the CEO of the Costa group, to step back from the day-to-day running of the Costa group after he reached the age of 65. Pier reached 65 in late 2011, and there was a succession plan in place for Michael Thamm, the CEO of AIDA Cruises, to replace Pier. So beginning this July, Pier will step back from day-to-day responsibilities but will continue to serve as Chairman of the Costa board and a Managing Director of the Costa group, with responsibilities for government relations and strategic business initiatives. Pier will also stay on the board of Carnival Corporation. Michael Thamm will become Chief Executive of the Costa group and a member of the Costa board and relocate to Genoa, Italy, which he's in the process of doing right now. Gianni Onorato will continue as the President of Costa. Michael Ungerer, who was Michael Thamm's #2 executive at AIDA, will take over as President of AIDA Cruises. Alfredo Serrano will continue as President of Ibero Cruises in Spain. Gianni, Michael and Alfredo will report to Michael Thamm. We're very pleased with the seamless management transition in our Europe cruise business and wish these executives continued success in the future. Now turning to full year, the guidance for 2012. We have increased our non-GAAP earnings midpoint range guidance to $1.85 per share for the year, a $0.30 increase over our previous guidance. In broad terms, the $0.30 is comprised of a $0.40 improvement from lower fuel prices, offset by $0.07 of fuel derivatives cost and $0.03 for currency. The approximate $0.08 of forecasted lower revenue yields from the previous guidance is offset by about $0.08 of lower unit costs. Based on our 2012 earnings guidance, forecasted operating cash flow is expected to be in the range of $3.2 billion. Net CapEx for the year is estimated at $1.9 billion. So after the dividend, that will leave us with approximately $500 million of free cash flow. 2013, our CapEx is currently estimated at $1.8 billion. So with operating cash flow expected to improve in 2013, there should be further increases in free cash flow come 2013. Now turning to some of the color on the next 3 quarters. For the third quarter, capacity is expected to increase 2.9%. 3.4% in North America markets and 1.6% in EAA. At the current time, on a fleetwide basis, third quarter pricing and occupancy is lower than a year ago. Keep in mind, my comments on the third and fourth quarter exclude Costa, unless I indicate otherwise. North American brand capacity in the third quarter is 38% in the Caribbean, slightly up from a year ago; 24% in Alaska, slightly higher than a year ago; and 25% in Europe, which is about the same as last year. North American brand pricing is lower than a year ago at slightly lower occupancies. Pricing for Caribbean itineraries is in line with a year ago, with pricing for both Alaska and European cruises lower versus last year. Occupancies for Caribbean and Alaska cruises are slightly lower versus last year, and occupancies for Euro cruises are lower than [indiscernible]. EAA brand capacity in the third quarter is 85% in European itineraries, up from 82% prior year. EAA brand pricing, this excludes Costa again for European and all other itineraries, is slightly lower than a year ago on slightly lower occupancies. U.K. brands pricing is higher than a year ago, and German pricing is slightly lower. For Ibero, our Spanish brand pricing is significantly lower than a year ago due to the significant softening of the Spanish economy, which I mentioned earlier. And also, as expected, Costa pricing in the third quarter was significantly lower than a year ago. Third quarter guidance as we indicated in the press release is expected to be in the range of $1.42 to $1.46 per share versus $1.69 last year. Revenue yields are expected to be 3% to 4% lower versus last year, and that excludes Costa. And net cruise cost, excluding fuel, is expected to be slightly lower than last year. Changes in currency, net of lower fuel prices and derivatives, is expected to have a $0.03 -- a $0.03 negative effect on Q3's earnings. Now turning to the fourth quarter. Fleetwide capacity is expected to be 3% to 4% higher than last year. 3.9% of that is for North American brands, 2.1% for EAA. Fleetwide pricing, excluding Costa, is slightly lower than a year ago on lower occupancies. North American brands are 43% in the Caribbean, slightly higher than a year ago; 13% in Europe, about the same as last year. The balance is in various other itineraries. North American brand pricing is slightly lower than last year at lower occupancies. Caribbean pricing is higher than a year ago at flat occupancies. Europe pricing is lower versus last year at lower occupancies, and pricing for all other itineraries taken together is slightly higher than a year ago on lower occupancies. EAA pricing in the fourth quarter, and this excludes Costa, is higher versus a year ago at lower occupancies. Pricing for Europe cruises, which represents 61% of EAA itineraries, are slightly higher on lower occupancies. For all other itineraries taken together, pricing is also higher on lower occupancies. Costa's pricing and occupancies are lower than a year ago. Although pricing for Europe brands, excluding Costa, is higher at the present time because there are more cabins to fill versus last year, we expect pricing for EAA brands to decline as the quarter closes. On a fleetwide basis, similar to the third quarter, we're forecasting EAA revenue yields, excluding Costa, to be lower in the fourth quarter. Now turning to the first quarter of 2013. My comments now include Costa's data for both years. Fleetwide capacity for the first quarter of 2013 is expected to be higher by 4%; 3.4% in North America, 4.9% in EAA. Fleetwide occupancies at the present time are lower than a year ago, with pricing at the present time slightly lower versus last year. Booking data for the first quarter of 2013 is in its early stages of development, so I wouldn't read too much into the data at this time. For North American brands taken together, occupancies are flat year-over-year, with overall pricing currently lower. However, pricing is higher for most of the North American brands but lower in total, partly due to itinerary changes and the mix of the 4 brands' pricing. I should mention that revenue yield comparisons for the first quarter of 2013 versus first quarter 2012 will be more challenging, given our stronger first quarter North American yield performance this past quarter in -- for the past first quarter in 2012. On a fleetwide basis, EAA brand occupancies are behind last year with higher pricing. Although still early, pricing on Costa's bookings for Q1 is also higher on a year-over-year basis at lower occupancies. But as I mentioned earlier, you shouldn't read too much into the information for the first quarter of 2013 as there's still a long way to go before the first quarter closes. I should mention that a -- certainly, a positive development for 2013 is our expectations, at least currently, that lower fuel prices should provide a boost to earnings. Using our current fuel price of $620 per metric ton, we are currently estimating that lower fuel prices should benefit first half 2013 earnings per share by approximately $0.23. So that's a little bit of, hopefully, a silver lining for going into 2013. Having said all that, Jennifer, I'm going to turn it back to you, and we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you just talk about -- when I'm looking at the way you're describing the balance of 2012, it sounds like the third quarter is going to be very weak, probably a little bit weaker than I would've expected or our team would've expected. But then the fourth quarter, using again your guidance, would suggest a very, very strong rebound in the fourth quarter to get to your full year numbers. Maybe I'm calculating that wrong, David, but I just want to make sure we're going that way. And if that's the case, what gives you the confidence on the fourth quarter that things are going to improve that dramatically from the second and third quarter?
Howard S. Frank: Steve, this is Howard. Actually, based on our current forecasting, we are estimating that Q3 and Q4 yields will be down in the same relative range of 3% to 4%. I said 3% to 4% down in Q3. My guess is it will be in that range in Q4 as well. So I'm not quite sure how you did your calculation, but that's the way our numbers work.
David Bernstein: And that's excluding Costa in both quarters, what Howard just mentioned.
Howard S. Frank: Yes.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, but I mean, if you -- for the third quarter, you're negative 6 to 7 for the whole company, right? For constant dollar? And then in the -- for the full year, you're negative 3 to 4. So something has to happen pretty dramatically...
David Bernstein: For the first quarter, it was up. The first quarter was up.
Howard S. Frank: The first quarter -- yes, yields were up, close to 3%, I think, on a constant dollar basis. What I suggest is go -- I think Beth can take you through it, but I think that's just the way the numbers work right now. But Q3 and Q4 basically look like they're going to be in line. There's always more -- the further out you go right now, it's always more difficult to predict. But I think Q3 is -- they're not -- while we're behind, there's still not that much inventory left to sell so...
Micky M. Arison: But it sounds like the assumption is wrong. So maybe after the call you can follow through with Beth and see where this -- yes.
David Bernstein: Yes. The fourth quarter is -- I mean, 2.9% up on constant dollars in the first quarter, 1.4% down in the second.
Beth Roberts: In the back half. It's in about [ph] the same range that we guided to in the third.
David Bernstein: Yes.
Howard S. Frank: And we're still in the same range -- we're still in the same range that we were in March 5.
Micky M. Arison: And we're going -- and by the way, these are only -- they're only modest changes, yield from -- in North America and Europe from previous -- I think it's important to put in context that when the incident occurred, it was the 2nd week of January, which is really the peak of the beginning of wave season. And when we reported, it was March 5, only a few weeks into that. So we estimated how deep the hole was and how much we'd have to incentivize to get that hole filled, and we missed by what appears to be a rounding error at this stage.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And on the close-in bookings, it sounds like you had to incentivize more as you got through Q2. Can you just talk about how you're thinking about the...
Howard S. Frank: Q2 held up pretty well.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, Q2 was better, but you're incentivizing more going to Q3.
Howard S. Frank: Correct.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So can you just talk about what kind of programs you're doing...
Howard S. Frank: I think it's pretty well understood that Europe has been challenging this year. I think everybody understood that, particularly for the North American brands, and that continues to be the case although -- we're well into it now, and it's pretty much full. So we pretty much know where we are.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to -- I was actually going to yell that you should wake up, but it sounds like you're pretty awake, even though you gave us that disclaimer.
Micky M. Arison: The only thing is that I have -- I've got Queen like running in through my brain constantly.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So I think -- just to touch upon how you just answered the last question, if I remember correctly, normally, you're about 85% to 95% booked in the quarter that you're in. And then the next quarter out, you're about 55% to 75%. So just in terms of trying to think about your confidence in the guidance that you've provided, are you within those ranges?
Micky M. Arison: We are.
Beth Roberts: We are towards the lower end of the ranges, which I think -- the comments that we're behind the prior year. But still...
Howard S. Frank: But within the ranges.
Micky M. Arison: Yes.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So within the ranges at the lower end for both the third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Howard S. Frank: Correct.
Micky M. Arison: Correct.
Howard S. Frank: And the third quarter -- there's not that much left to sell. Even though we're behind maybe by a point or 2, there's not that much left to sell in Q3.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then obviously -- the fourth quarter's range is wider, and that kind of gets to my next question because what we've been hearing is from the -- all cruise lines, not just you, your competitors, you've been holding price for as long as you can and then discounting kind of lower -- the closer you get to the cruise. So when we think about that, when we think about the fourth quarter kind of being usually -- historically a more difficult quarter and, in light of the guidance that you gave, I mean, how confident are you in that?
Howard S. Frank: I'm confident in the guidance we gave right now. To be honest with you, I think we're going to -- the numbers aren't going to change dramatically, I think, for the second half of the year.
Micky M. Arison: I mean, we always know [ph]. Obviously, we only give guidance that we're confident in. But we never know -- you never know, we never know about hurricanes. We never know about the election season. I mean, there's a lot of things that can happen between now and then. But based on everything we know today, we're very confident.
Howard S. Frank: Yes.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And is it fair to assume that in your guidance, you kind of take into consideration these programs that you might be implementing to stimulate demand?
Howard S. Frank: Oh, they've already been implemented.
Micky M. Arison: They've been implemented, and our volumes are up substantially, as we said in the press release. So they've been implemented, and they're working. And they're working very significantly, obviously at Costa and well in the other brands as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Actually, I don't have a question about the yield guidance. It basically sounds like it's kind of just narrowed, I guess, in the same range. It's narrowed within it. I did have a question on your free cash flow. You talked about next year having more free cash flow and less CapEx. Can you give us some color on your thoughts about share repurchase? Because I think you have $350 million authorization still outstanding and -- just some thoughts on that?
David Bernstein: Yes, we did resume the share repurchase during the last quarter, but we only wound up purchasing about 150,000 shares. Our share repurchase program is designed to be opportunistic, and we are being patient given the market volatility. And at the moment, it's actually $330 million that remains on the program.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, so -- but any sort of thoughts about -- just strategically whether you feel like -- looking ahead, free cash flow will be greater next year versus this year, but are you not comfortable sort of spending that in advance of getting it? Or I guess, just trying to think about what your expectations are over the next 12 months, understanding that day to day is opportunistic.
Micky M. Arison: I don't think we're comfortable preempting the board. That's a board decision, and I think our position is basically what it has historically been. We're going to return free cash flow to shareholders in a combination of ways: dividends and stock buyback, depending on what the board decides.
David Bernstein: And our free cash flow this year, given our new guidance, we would expect it to be in the range of $300 million to $400 million, using the midpoint of the guidance.
Micky M. Arison: And I think we explained -- I'm not sure if it was on the prior call, but we suspended the repurchasing for a while for -- but the reasons...
Howard S. Frank: Yes, to be sensitive...
Micky M. Arison: Sensitive to the issues regarding the incident. But as David said, we're now back and prepared to continue.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rick Lyall from John W. Bristol.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Promotional activity in North America and Europe, it's not reflected in the ticket yield. Can you talk about both the depth and the impact of those promotions? And I've got a follow-up.
Micky M. Arison: The impact is what it is. It's what we anticipated back in March. It's just -- like I said, a rounding error because it's just a little bit more extensive than we thought. But overall, it's pretty much what we thought after missing such a significant part of wave season. So I'm not sure I understand what you mean by the depth in your question. But...
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: If you've had to offer more free flights, more onboard credits, et cetera, than you thought back then.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. Correct.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. What I said is we had to do more promotions, especially for the European programs, or where there was other programs where there was a major air component.
Micky M. Arison: The range we had was 2 to 4, and now it's 3 to 4. So again, it's a fraction of a point that we're talking about. So yes, we gave -- we did do a little bit more than we had anticipated in March. But again, in March, we're only a few weeks into the situation. So I think we did a pretty good job of guesstimating what would need to be done to fill that hole. But we didn't get it 100% right, but we still got it within the range. So...
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Right. Okay. And then I've got a question about the fuel hedging. So when I look at the schedule in the release out through '14 to '15, you're kind of holding in the 70 to 80 floor range, and you're keeping the upper range 125, 130. How do you think about migrating the band? Are you going to march the band down? Or are you going to kind of consistently stay in the 80 to 125, 130 range?
Micky M. Arison: It depends what the band is at the time that we meet. I mean, we meet on a regular basis and discuss this. Again, we look at this -- or I look at this anyway as insurance. It was, at the time, cheap insurance. It's now become a little bit more expensive insurance. But that's what it is. It's insurance, and we keep looking at -- we meet on this on a regular basis, and if opportunistically we can get lower bands, we obviously would take advantage of that at the time.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Wieczynski from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: One of the brands you guys haven't talked about is AIDA, and I know that was a brand that had been -- seen some pressure from the Costa event. So could you just update us on what you're seeing there?
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I mean, AIDA's -- there was that period, I think, subsequent to mid-January, where business was quite soft. But their business has come back quite nicely. And as I mentioned, their yields are slightly down. I'm not -- what I think -- I don't think they're dramatically different than when we -- how we originally budgeted the year for AIDA. So they're holding quite nicely, and they picked up a lot of booking momentum. It took a while to come back, but it's a very, very powerful brand in the German-speaking markets, and it's doing quite well. It just -- it seems to be -- has normalized quite nicely.
Micky M. Arison: They had a naming ceremony in Hamburg for their new ship, and to give you a sense of the power -- the viewership on the river were -- was 1.4 million people. Actually, more people showed up to see the naming ceremony of that ship than the Diamond Jubilee, [indiscernible] a pretty powerful brand.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then the second question, I guess, will be a little bit more for David on the expense side. I mean, the expense control seems to be -- you guys seem to be doing a phenomenal job there. I guess in the other expense category, I mean, that was down significantly, even if you exclude, I guess, the $34 million there from the litigation and the insurance proceeds. So what was being pushed out of that line item?
David Bernstein: You also have some cost related to the Costa Concordia incident -- oh, you're talking about the second quarter...
Howard S. Frank: [indiscernible].
David Bernstein: Yes, the second quarter, the 494 versus the 556?
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right.
David Bernstein: Yes, I'll have to get -- I don't have the detail with me here. I'll have to -- we'll get back to you on that.
Beth Roberts: We'll take a look.
David Bernstein: I don't [indiscernible].
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Assia Georgieva from Infiniti Research.
Assia Georgieva: I had a couple of quick questions. First of all, Costa's second quarter occupancy was probably up significantly after the end of March pricing program. How did it compare relative to your expectations? Could you give us -- let's say, if it was a 10% change in occupancy or higher?
Micky M. Arison: Relative to which expectations?
Assia Georgieva: Your March 5 expectation.
Micky M. Arison: The expectation changes every week.
Howard S. Frank: You're talking about how we [indiscernible] the guidance of March?
Micky M. Arison: In March, we really were unsure whether we could move occupancy at all. And we discussed that a lot, that we were going to do continuous surveys to see whether -- if we put stimulus in the market, if it would work. We didn't want to put pricing stimulus just to put it in there without having the response. And what we found is, relatively quickly, that with pricing stimulus, we could generate significant demand because of the strength of the brand in its key markets. And so the occupancy levels versus where we thought we were in March are significantly higher, but the pricing offset virtually all of that. But we're far more pleased with this kind of result than what we were talking about in March, because it is accelerating, in my mind and I think the mind of management, the comeback of the brand, to have full ships or relatively close to full ships, with happy passengers coming back, enjoying the brand and saying what a wonderful time they had. It generates a whole different ambience onboard, creates onboard revenue. There's lots and lots of positive elements of having higher occupancies than we had anticipated. So compared to March, the occupancies are significantly better. The response is significantly better to the incentives that were put in place than we thought in March.
Assia Georgieva: And still you expect the loss to be in the $100 million range, which was the original expectation. So it's pretty much a trade-off between price and occupancy at this point?
Micky M. Arison: Correct, correct.
Howard S. Frank: Yes.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, okay. My second question. In the past, it seems that onboard spend has been almost a leading indicator to higher ticket pricing. Do you think we may be seeing some of that, especially on the onboard part?
David Bernstein: Well, we are seeing some increases in onboard. We were very pleased. In fact, we took the guidance up almost 1 point on onboard from March to the June guidance. So the trend is very favorable, and I hope it is a leading indicator.
Howard S. Frank: It's too early to say. But I don't know that we've ever necessarily seen it that way. It certainly indicates that consumer spend is up, but there are a lot of elements to that 1% improvement.
Micky M. Arison: I mean, I do think that all of our brands have put a lot greater emphasis on being creative on ways, whether it's Fun Ship 2.0 or other programs out there, that will generate more onboard revenue. So it's really hard to say whether -- how much of it is -- if you talk to the marketing, the onboard marketing guys, they'll tell you it's all them. So it's hard to tell how much is that and how much is just consumers willing to spend more.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Conder from Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: If you could -- we could just stay on the onboard topic here, it sounded like, again, from your preamble comments, that, that was -- remains skewed to the North American brands. But also, Micky, you alluded to, in part of your answer there, that you're seeing that nice recovery in Costa. Just a little bit more color, I would guess, on the rest of the European brands as it relates to onboard?
David Bernstein: Yes, well the onboard is actually -- I said it was flat on the European brands, despite the lower occupancy. So you're actually seeing some additional spending on a per diem basis. So the onboard spend per person is going up. It was just we had a couple of points less occupancy on the brand. So flat on a yield basis.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just any color, commentary. We've touched on North America. We've touched on Europe. But given a little bit of weakening in the Australian economy, a little bit, and then just overall related to Asia, what are you seeing out of Asia, Australia collectively?
Howard S. Frank: I think they're really very different markets. I think in Australia we're seeing -- we are being challenged. There's a lot more capacity coming into the Australian market, including our own capacity. So yields are -- on a year-over-year basis, pricing has been down. But it's still a very, very profitable market for us, and our pricing seems to be -- we're able to get a whole lot of better [ph] pricing with our brands in Australia than we see our competitors getting right now. So we're very pleased with Australia. And = it's likely that we may be through the worst part of it in terms of the additional capacity. Next year, Carnival brings a ship down to Australia, and it's performing quite nicely right now. So we're very pleased with Australia. In Asia, it's a pretty positive situation. We moved the larger ship into the China market, the Costa Victoria, and it's doing quite well. And we expected that we would be breakeven this year in Asia, or maybe make a little bit of positive cash flow, and that looks like it's going to be the case so far. So bookings -- pricing in Asia or in Southeast Asia or in China is quite good right now.
Micky M. Arison: And we're adding another 2,000-passenger ship in Costa Atlantica.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. As a result of that. Mickey's right on. Next -- beginning next spring, we're bringing a second Costa ship to Asia, the Costa Atlantica. The situation is really developing nicely.
Micky M. Arison: And we're entering the Japanese market with Princess. So we're aggressively starting to size up in Asia, and we're very, very, very optimistic that we're starting to see that opportunity come to fruition.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And gentlemen, if I may, if you could just round out that whole discussion then with color, a little color on South America? And Micky, I'll offer my congratulations, too.
Howard S. Frank: Well, South America business for us is mostly -- mostly begins this coming winter, but it's shaping up nicely. As I mentioned, Costa's pricing at this point for Q1 is up year-over-year. A large -- a good part of their itinerary is -- they have 4 ships in South America this winter, and so those ships are doing nicely. Ibero, to be honest with you, I don't -- I'll get back and I -- I don't know the Ibero pricing in South America for this winter yet.
Micky M. Arison: Its still early. Still early, because South America season is basically mid-December to mid-March, so it's a very short season. Its still quite early. But early indications are positive.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia from William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just wanted to go through the yield guidance for the rest of the year. I guess, different than Steve, I was a little surprised that there wasn't going to be an improvement, perhaps in the fourth quarter, sequentially on yields. And I know it's a less predictable quarter, but I would've thought, with the timing of the Concordia incident, kind of the booking curves there impacting the summer as well as the preponderance of ships in the Mediterranean in the summer, that maybe youd get some release as you move more towards the Caribbean and so on as we moved into the fall. If you could help us think about if you're seeing just general signs of more economic weakness that may be exacerbating some of the other ancillary effects on the business.
Howard S. Frank: Sharon, the way the demand profiles work is your Q3, your summer quarter, is your quarter of your strongest demand in your business. And so when you get into Q4, it's a little bit more of a struggle in terms of demand. Ships are coming back from Europe or coming through -- going back from Alaska. So it's always -- fourth quarter is always more of a challenge in terms of demand stimulation, and all we're saying right now is that Q4 will be like Q3 in terms of yields.
Beth Roberts: In terms of the capacity mix, it's not as different as you would think. The Caribbean is about 24% of our exposure in the third quarter as opposed to 28% in the fourth. And the Med is actually 25% in the third quarter, going up to 29% in the fourth. So we do have a heavy Med exposure in the fourth quarter. Europe, the northern part of Europe, is a little less. 25% going down to 7%.
Howard S. Frank: And that includes Costa's...
Beth Roberts: Thats all-in [ph].
Micky M. Arison: What you have to remember is our fourth quarter includes September. September through October is still very heavy Med period, but you've lost the Baltic, which is your highest-yielding European business because it's the end of the season, and those ships move back into the Mediterranean. So your capacity in the Mediterranean for half the fourth quarter is actually higher, as Beth pointed out.
David Bernstein: And getting back to Steve's question on other ship operating expenses, the 2 reasons for the decline year-over-year in the second quarter, one was dry dock. We had significantly less dry-dock days in the second quarter this year than the prior year. One of the things we mentioned was, in the first quarter call, we had significantly more dry-dock days in the first quarter of 2012 than '11. So that was just a seasonality on dry dock. And the other thing was currency. The euro was 1.43 last year in the second quarter on average. And this year, it was 1.31. So currency has driven the number down as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First question is just on European source business and maybe getting a little bit of color by geography. I know you mentioned Spain was soft, U.K. and Germany held up. So I'm just wondering, did U.K. and Germany actually get incrementally better over the last 7 weeks? And then did any other major market stand out as maybe bucking the trend one way or the other?
Micky M. Arison: The U.K. wasn't really impacted as much as anywhere else. I mean, the U.K. held up pretty well throughout the year, throughout the process. Germany had to have bounced back.
Howard S. Frank: Germany bounced back.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. It had to have bounced back. We're hesitant on Italy and France, only because Costa is our primary brand in those markets. Obviously, the volumes now are very, very strong at significantly lower prices. So the one -- the areas that we're very clear on is that Spain is terrible, U.K. has been fine and Germany has bounced back and, I think, is fine.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And second question, just on the new versus the seasoned cruiser, any change in trend there over the last month or two?
Micky M. Arison: Yes. I think we said at the time of the incident that it's likely that first-time cruisers would be more impacted than experienced cruisers as experienced cruisers understand both the value and the safety of the product, while first-timers may not. At the time of our March call, we said that while it's kind of intuitive that, that may happen, we have no empirical evidence that it did happen. I can say now that we have empirical evidence that it did happen and that first-time cruisers did decline and were impacted. Our surveys clearly show that they were impacted by the events. And hopefully, the further we get away from those events, the more likely it will -- they will bounce back.
David Bernstein: We also saw, after the global financial crisis and we reduced prices, we also saw an uptick in repeat passengers as well at that time. As Micky said, the people saw the value much quicker and jumped on the bandwagon and started booking.
Micky M. Arison: Right. But we see it in actual -- we now see it in actual bookings, and we now see it in actual surveys that demand from first-time cruisers has declined since the incident. We're hopeful, as we get further along, that, that will start to rebound.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. So maybe next year, a little bit easier comparisons from the Concordia when you lap that, right?
Micky M. Arison: Hopefully.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jamie Katz from Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I have a question actually on the booking curve. And can you guys talk a little bit about how many people are booking closer in versus further out? And has that shortened even more this summer than you guys had anticipated? And then the second question is, well, Costa has done obviously very well over the last few weeks. Can you elaborate a little bit more on the pricing that you've sacrificed to get there?
Micky M. Arison: Well, as we've said, we basically gave up pricing for occupancy, and it was awash. So on the booking curve, it's a function -- it's purely a function of the hole that was created during wave and the need to fill that hole, which meant that there was a requirement by the brands for closer-in business. So I don't know if that is a booking curve issue or an issue that you had this hole that was created, starting in the 2nd week in January. I mean -- so it's a very unique set of circumstances that -- we really haven't experienced before anything quite like it. And I don't see any reason why, over time, and I mean relatively short time, as we catch up on occupancy, and we're getting there, that the booking curve won't go back to where it was traditionally. But we needed to be more close in because we have some space to sell.
David Bernstein: I think we're encouraged by the fact that we're still within historical ranges despite all the -- the event and the incidences that occurred.
Micky M. Arison: Good point.
David Bernstein: And as to the Costa, what they gave up on pricing, they're selling to 20% to 30% below the prior year in order to get the volumes and the occupancy.
Howard S. Frank: I think we indicated for the full year we'd be down in the mid-teens, right? On a yield basis?
Beth Roberts: Yes.
David Bernstein: Correct.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Lena Thakkar from HSBC.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. Firstly, on Costa. Hypothetically speaking, if you were to get back yields and occupancy rates in line with pre the incident, where would that negative $100 million profit go to in 2013 do you think, bearing in mind all the capacity changes? And then the second -- sure, go ahead.
Howard S. Frank: Let me -- before you ask the second question. I think there's an underlying assumption that we'd get it all back in 1 year, which I don't think is, to be honest with you, is realistic. What I would say is this: that we forecasted that the swing in Costa's earnings for this year is at about $500 million dollars.
Beth Roberts: And about $100 million of that was the loss of the ship itself, which is not coming back.
Howard S. Frank: Right.
Micky M. Arison: Right. It's not coming back.
Howard S. Frank: So I wouldn't want to get into a hypothetical about if you get back all your revenue yield losses in 2013, what it would look like. I think that, that could be -- I don't want to mislead anybody, because I don't think that's going to happen. It's going to take a couple of years for this to come back.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. And remember also, we have taken both the Concordia and the Allegra out of Costa's, and they sold the Marina. So compared to where we were a year ago, looking forward, they are 3 ships -- they're down 3 ships. So clearly, their earnings can't be what it would have been had they had those 3 ships.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: Yes. No, and that's sort of what I was getting at, I guess, even if it did take 2 or 3 years, where is the new base, I guess. Okay. And then just on the second question, slightly -- on a slightly different topic in terms of direct bookings. I was just wondering where you are in terms of direct bookings versus third party across the fleet and where aspirations are in that department.
David Bernstein: Yes. Direct bookings in last year were 19% of our total business. That has moved up year-over-year. We don't have any specific aspirations. I do expect the number will continue to creep up over time.
Howard S. Frank: As people become more and more comfortable booking directly, it's easier for them to just do the bookings. It's such a natural occurrence almost.
David Bernstein: With the passing of generations and the improvement of technology, we would expect it to creep up.
Lena Thakkar - HSBC, Research Division: And do you have any plans at all to reduce commission rates, like you did in the U.K., elsewhere?
Micky M. Arison: Well, first of all, the answer to that is no. But I think it's important to understand that we don't believe we've effectively reduced commission rates from the standpoint of the travel agencies' community, because there was so significant discounting and rebating going on, that their in-pocket commission was far less than what they have now. And so I think the clear indication, based on what we've said about the U.K. market and how it has held up through this whole period, is that our team in the U.K. made a very, very good decision. Travel agents, in effect, are getting, overall, better compensated, because they are not rebating, and pricing stability has been brought to the marketplace. So I think it was an overall strong decision for the U.K., but it was a unique issue in the U.K. that doesn't really exist quite the same anywhere else. So no, there's no plans to reduce compensation. It's still the North American, and I should say Italy, France, Germany. The travel agency distribution is still a very, very critical part of our overall distribution strategy. They've been supportive of us, and we continue to be supportive of them.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Leibowitz from Horizon Kinetics.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC: Two quick questions. One, with the drop in the price of fuel, do you still have surcharges in Europe?
David Bernstein: Yes, there are currently surcharges on a couple of the European brands in Germany and the U.K., yes. Fuel supplements.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC: And secondly, when the dividend was reinstituted, the comment was we had a lot of catching up to do. Obviously, this year, we couldn't do any catching up. On a priority list, and at least 2 members of the board are on the call right now, the board would rather do catch up or buyback?
Howard S. Frank: I'm not quite sure what you mean by catch up.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, I don't think we use the word -- term catch up. And...
David Leibowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC: I apologize for the wrong term.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, we generally use that on hamburgers.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC: Not in Brooklyn, we dont.
Micky M. Arison: Brooklyn, we put the mustard on the hotdog. All I can say is that -- we said that the free cash flow will be distributed to shareholders. Clearly, we have board members who prefer dividends. Remember, we have a mixture of board members who are more U.K.-centric, and we have board members who are more U.S.-centric. So we have both views. We have views that are aggressive toward buyback, and we have views that are aggressive toward dividend, and we try to find a happy balance. And we will continue to try to do that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin Milota from JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Was hoping you could give us a sense for the revitalized marketing effort and how big of a driver that was behind what you've seen over the last 7 weeks in terms of the increased bookings that you've seen. And also, secondly, on the Costa brand strategy, from the first quarter, it sounded like you were trying to hold price at the mercy of occupancy levels. Just wondering how -- shortly thereafter, the May -- or excuse me, March 5 call, you effectively flipped that strategy to take occupancy at the mercy of price.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, Kevin, in terms of the marketing efforts, I indicated that -- how we were booking over the last 7 weeks. And the volumes are up significantly during this period. So clearly, the marketing -- I'm talking broadly now. I'm not just talking about one particular brand. So the marketing efforts have worked to recapture some of the lost business, albeit it's been at lower prices than we would've liked.
Micky M. Arison: But let me add that we haven't increased the marketing budgets of any of our brands beyond Costa. Costa right now is pumping a lot of marketing dollars, again, not just to create volume but to rebuild the brand and so on. So other than Costa, all the others are working within what we would have anticipated as their normal marketing budgets at the beginning of the year.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. And on the Costa brand strategy, I think you're right. I think, initially, the thinking was, based on advice they were getting from marketing consultants in Europe, was that to -- and it was very early in the process, that the strategy would be just to maintain price and that you -- regards to how you price the product would be difficult to start to generate a lot of bookings. I think that changed over time as they got further and further away from the incident. And the marketing people came back and said, no, no, no, let's -- after they did a lot of market tests and decided that let's go ahead and start to use price and see if we can stimulate the market and regenerate the bookings, and that happened.
Micky M. Arison: And I think we said that on the March 5 call. We said that right now, it appears from the surveys we've done, from the marketing consultant information we're getting, that price stimulus would not work because of the extent of the event but that we would continue to do weekly surveys to judge if that was moving in a different direction and, at the point that we were comfortable, based on those surveys, that we can stimulate demand and we can get Costa back into the kind of occupancies it traditionally had, that we would make that move. And a few weeks later -- I mean, they stayed out of the market completely for, I don't know, 8 weeks?
David Bernstein: Last week in March, first week in April.
Beth Roberts: [indiscernible] the earnings.
Micky M. Arison: From the second week of January to the last week in March, they totally stayed out of the marketplace. And beginning of April, when we felt comfortable that the market perception were clearly that Costa brand is a great vacation value, one that is highly thought of in their key markets and those numbers stabilized to pre-incident level, we went heavy, and it worked.
David Bernstein: And the advertising they were doing was price-driven. They had a very simple message. I think, if I remember correctly, it was like EUR 75 per person per day for May, EUR 85 for June, EUR 95 for July, and that drove bookings.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jamie Rollo from Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just one question, please. It's really a question on the comps, on the yield comps in 2013. You sort of referred to this. But just thinking about it, H1 this year, your yields were up around 1%. In the second half, you're guiding to down about 7 including Costa and, as you say, Q4 showing no improvements over Q3. So I'm just wondering whether your comment is really asking us to think about H1 yields next year to maybe re-base, to sort of drop mid-single digits? Or are things recovering fast enough to sort of hold them flat next year?
Howard S. Frank: I think it's too early to say. I think in Q1, I think our yields were up close to 3% on an overall basis for the first quarter of 2012. So what I said is that comps would be more challenging. And also, as you roll out of these -- eventually, as you roll out of these price incentives, you're still booking business in Q1 that will probably have some impact of some of this lower pricing in Q1. But so far, if you look at the overall pricing picture, although I think we're still behind on occupancies in Europe, the pricing picture so far was positive in Europe, including Costa. So I think a lot depends on how quickly the bookings will come back and how quickly we get the volumes back to backfill the space that we lost.
Micky M. Arison: And you also have to keep in mind, despite where we are deployment-wise in Q3 and 4, Q1 deployment is totally different. And so that has a huge impact on this as well. I mean, like we said, we're very happy in the Med in Q4 -- Q3 and 4, but we're clearly not in Q1. Our Med is what percentage?
Beth Roberts: 5% in Q1.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, it goes from 28% in Q4 to 5% in Q1. So that has a major impact, too, Jamie.
Beth Roberts: We had 50% in the Caribbean, and then there's a big component in Brazil, the Latin Americas.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So you're not guiding to any yields decline in Q1 at this stage then?
Micky M. Arison: We're not guiding anything.
Howard S. Frank: We're not doing any guidance. Yes, I think it's too early for 2013 to do anything quite yet.
Operator: Our last question is from the line of Edward Stanford from Oriel Securities.
Edward Stanford - Oriel Securities Ltd., Research Division: It's a quick question. You've again demonstrated some good progress in adjusting your fuel consumption. Is there much more than you can do there? That's been running for a number of years now. I mean, how do you see that going forward?
Micky M. Arison: We continue to work extremely hard on it. We have a lot of R&Ds going on, a lot of investment going on, and we'd anticipate this type of continued reduction in fuel consumption for the foreseeable future.
Operator: I'm showing that there are no further questions at this time.
Howard S. Frank: All right, that works out just fine, Jennifer. Okay. Well, thank you all for listening in. And any follow-up questions, Beth will be around to take care of that. She enjoys that.
Micky M. Arison: Thanks, everybody.
Howard S. Frank: All the best, everybody. Have a good weekend.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation, and we ask that you please disconnect your line. Thank you, and have a good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-03-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Committee Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Carnival Plc. and Chief Executive Officer of Carnival Plc. David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Assia Georgieva Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Edward Stanford - Oriel Securities Ltd., Research Division Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David Liebowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC Unknown Analyst
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Friday, March 9, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead.
Howard S. Frank: Good morning, everyone. This is Howard Frank. With me this morning is Micky Arison, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; David Bernstein, our Senior Vice President of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Senior -- our Vice President and -- what are you -- what do you do again? Investor Relations Officer. Before David's comments, which we typically start the call with, Micky would like to make a few comments first. Micky?
Micky M. Arison: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us today. As you can imagine, this has been a most difficult and challenging time for our corporation. We've all been deeply saddened by the Costa Concordia accident, and our thoughts and prayers are with the passengers, crew and family of those who were lost in this tragic accident. We are grateful to the Italian authorities and rescue workers who acted heroically following the accident and who continue to assist in the recovery process. We would also like to express our deepest appreciation to the local population of the island of Giglio and thank them for their generosity to those in need. As to the Costa Concordia crew, I'd like to thank and recognize them for their tireless efforts to evacuate more than 4,000 passengers and crew from the ship that night. Not enough can be said about the work that the crew did to help our guests in the most challenging of conditions. Before we walk through the financial impact to Costa Cruises and Carnival Corporation, I'd like to offer a couple of observations based on my experience. First, that the cruise industry remains incredibly safe and maintains one of the best safety records of any form of recreational travel in the world. The safety and security of our guests are job one, and we learn from everything we can from this incident and apply all lessons learned. Thank you. And David will take you through the numbers. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Micky. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies, unless otherwise noted, as this is a more useful measure of business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter was $0.02. The first quarter came in $0.06 below the midpoint of our December guidance. The $0.06 shortfall from our December guidance was driven by $0.04 from the Costa Concordia incident expenses not covered by insurance and $0.04 from the impairment charge related to the Costa Allegra. All the other items netted out to a favorable $0.02 per share as higher-than-expected revenue yields and cost savings, including lower advertising expenses, more than offset $0.06 of higher fuel prices. Now let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 4%. Our North American brands grew over 4%, while our Europe, Australia and Asia brands or, as we call them, our EAA brands, grew almost 3%. Our total net revenue yields increased 2.9% in the first quarter, with net ticket revenue yields up 2.6% and net on board and other revenue yields up 3.7%. With respect to our net ticket yields, the North American brands were up almost 5% as yields rebounded in the Caribbean, benefiting from the continuing recovery in the U.S. economy after absorbing a significant capacity increase last year. During the first quarter, the Caribbean represented 2/3 of the North American brands' capacity. Our EAA brands' net ticket yields were in line with the prior year, with their ships cruising in numerous regions throughout the world during the first quarter. For net on board and other yields, the 3.7% increase was also driven by our North American brands. While consistent with our expectations, our EAA brands were down, principally due to the challenging economic environment in Europe. On the cost side, net cruise costs excluding fuel per available lower berth day were up over 6% versus the prior year. More than 1/2 the increase was driven by the Costa Concordia incident expenses not covered by insurance and the impairment charge related to the Costa Allegra. The remaining increase was due to the higher number of dry-dock days and related costs in the first quarter, which we discussed on the December call. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption per ALBD declined 2.5% this quarter, continuing our multiple-year savings trend. Fuel prices in the quarter were up 30%, which cost us an additional $0.18 per share. In summary, the first quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.17 lower than 2011 earnings of $0.19 per share as increased yields were more than offset by higher dry-dock costs, higher fuel prices, the Costa Concordia incident expenses and the Costa Allegra impairment charge. Excluded from our non-GAAP EPS but included in our GAAP loss per share were impairment charges of $173 million or $0.22 per share, relating to all of Ibero's goodwill and 60% of their trademarks. We believe it's more meaningful to exclude these non-cash charges from our non-GAAP EPS, given their non-recurring nature and the fact that we believe they are not an indication of our future earnings performance. As we disclosed since 2010, we have been closely monitoring Ibero's intangibles, given the small amount of headroom in excess of its carrying value. At this time, given the state of Spain's economy, we slowed down the projected pace of Ibero's capacity growth in our discounted cash flow projections that are used to estimate Ibero's fair value, which primarily resulted in the impairment charge. Now turning to our 2012 outlook. I will skip the net revenue yield outlook as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, for the full year, net cruise costs excluding fuel per ALBD are forecasted to be flat versus the prior year. This is consistent with our December guidance, despite the $45 million of Costa Concordia incident expenses and the $34 million of Costa Allegra impairment charge, which increased the year-over-year cost metrics by 1.1 percentage points. Our operating companies identified opportunities in a number of areas to reduce costs, offsetting these items. At this point, I will turn the call over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David, and good morning again to everyone. I'm going to comment -- to make some comments on the outlook for 2012, talk a little bit more about the Costa situation. While the Costa Concordia event has had a profound effect on our business and, indeed, the business of the entire cruise industry, as time passes, we are confident that our business will improve. Indeed, as I will comment on later, our North American brand booking patterns have improved during the last 7 weeks since the event in mid-January. In Continental Europe, the impact of the event on the European market and our European businesses has been greater, and it seems that it will take more time for those markets to return to normal booking levels. We have, however, recently seen some positive trends in our European business, so we are hopeful that booking patterns will return to normal levels sooner than we might have originally expected. As I comment on the business outlook for the remainder of 2012, for purposes of having more meaningful comparisons of booking trends fleet-wide and for the EAA markets, I will be excluding the Costa metrics. As we indicated in the press release, after the Concordia incident, Costa curtailed its marketing. In most markets, Costa has still not reestablished its marketing, although plans are underway to start these efforts over the next several weeks. I will comment separately on the Costa business later on in my talk as a separate matter. On a fleet-wide basis excluding Costa, constant dollar revenue yield guidance is being lowered from December guidance by approximately 1.5% for 2012. As a result, revenue yields in 2012, excluding Costa, are now expected to be in line with 2011 yields. As to the current status of bookings, on a fleet-wide basis, again, keep in mind I'm excluding Costa, occupancies for the remaining 3 quarters are lower than a year ago due to slightly higher prices. All my comments on pricing will be on a constant dollar basis as I go through my presentation this morning. For North American brands, occupancies are slightly lower at slightly higher prices. And for EAA brands, occupancies are lower at higher prices again. With respect to recent booking trends beginning in January, for the first 2 weeks of wave season, bookings were quite strong on a fleet-wide basis, driven by our North American brands, which experienced higher booking volumes and higher pricing year-over-year. EAA bookings were also higher year-over-year during the first 2 weeks of January at lower pricing. So even before the Costa incident, we continued to experience softer European pricing, which we attributed to the slowing Europe economies, together with the government austerity programs being implemented or expected to be implemented in many of the countries in Europe in which we market. Since the Costa grounding incident in mid-January, the booking patterns for North America and for EAA brands have slowed significantly. On a fleet-wide basis, bookings for the last 7 weeks -- and, of course, this excludes Costa -- through March 4 are running lower year-over-year in the mid- to high-single digits at slightly lower pricing. The week-to-week patterns have been uneven, with some weeks being stronger than others, partly resulting from the timing of marketing efforts by the brands. For North American brands, booking volumes during the 7-week period have been lower in the mid-single digits range on a year-over-year basis at slightly lower prices. The weakest itineraries for the North American brands have been their European programs, which is a trend we began to see beginning last year, starting with the European sovereign debt and banking crisis and the problems in Greece. Higher airfares between North America and Europe have also been a challenge. North American brands also source a significant portion of their European cruise programs from the Europe market, so the economic slowdown in Europe has also affected the North American-brand European cruises. For EAA brands, excluding Costa, booking volumes during the 7-week period on a year-over-year basis have been running lower in the mid-teens range and at lower prices. Our AIDA brand in Germany and our Ibero brand in Spain have felt the greatest impact during this period. Our U.K. brands are holding up relatively well as compared to our Continental European brands. We have recently seen trends in Germany so we are -- we have recently seen improving trends in Germany, so we are hopeful that we have finally turned the corner there as well. Now let me turn to Costa. As most of you know, Costa has a worldwide sales and marketing network, with its primary source markets in Continental Europe, South America, North America and Asia. In recent years, it has also developed new markets in Eastern Europe. Since the grounding on January 13, Costa has not been marketing its cruises. Indeed, Costa offered the opportunity for passes booked on any Costa ship to cancel their cruise through February 7. There were, in fact, relatively few cancellations, which we consider to be a very positive sign. Where possible, passengers booked on future Concordia cruises were rebooked on other Costa Cruises. As a result, there was a considerable number of cancellations and rebookings in the Costa booking pattern, so it was difficult to get a clear picture of booking trends post the grounding. Without any marketing, Costa's bookings during the first 4 weeks after the grounding ran approximately 80% to 90% lower on a year-over-year basis. More recently during the last 3 weeks to March 4, bookings ran 40% to 50% lower year-over-year. So with virtually no marketing, the booking picture is improving. As Costa begins to implement its marketing programs, which is already starting in certain markets, we expect their booking trends to gradually improve. While certain of Costa's markets may take longer to come back, because of its broad marketing reach, Costa has the ability to source passengers from its other markets. However, estimates are that it will take up to a year before the booking trends start to normalize in some of its markets. During this period, Costa has adopted a strategy in its primary markets to hold its pricing, even at the expense of lower occupancies in order to maintain an orderly market. For 2012, Costa is forecasting a loss for the year of approximately $100 million or a swing of $500 million from its previous earnings forecast. Most of this swing relates to reduced revenues, including the lost capacity from the Costa Concordia. It also includes approximately $27 million of one-time Concordia-related costs and $34 million relating to the Allegra incident, including the write-down of the value of the ship, which David mentioned before. Having said all this, Costa is beginning to see light at the end of the tunnel, but it will take some time to get there. So there should be no doubt, we view Costa as a great company and a great brand, with a terrific management team and with a great future. Micky and I take this opportunity to thank Pier Foschi and the entire Costa management team for their most extraordinary efforts during this most difficult period. Now let me turn to revised guidance. The midpoint of our revised non-GAAP guidance for the year of $1.55 per share is a reduction of $1.15 from our December guidance of $2.70. That was the midpoint of our guidance. Included in the $1.15 of guidance reduction is $0.65, which represents the decline in Costa's earnings, of which I mentioned before, of which $0.08 is one-time cost. The reduction of our other North American and Europe EAA brand revenue yield forecast amounts to $0.19. Higher fuel prices for all these other brands net of currency from that used in the December guidance is forecasted to reduce earnings by $0.40. And there is a net benefit from other items, mostly reduced cost of approximately $0.09 a share, which gets us to the $1.15. So apart from the increase in fuel prices, our other brands' earnings are lower by approximately $0.10 per share from the December guidance. Now I'll move on to give you some colors by each of the quarters. Turning to the second quarter -- and when I give you this data, it is now x Costa -- fleet-wide capacity for the second quarter is up 2.7%, 2.9% for North America brands and 2.2% for EAA brands. At the present time, on a fleet-wide basis, pricing is slightly higher than a year ago at slightly lower occupancies versus last year. North American brand fleet-wide pricing is higher than a year ago at flat occupancies. North American brands are 56% in the Caribbean, approximately the same as last year, with the balance in various other itineraries. Caribbean pricing is nicely higher than a year ago at approximately the same occupancy levels as last year. Pricing for all other itineraries taken together is higher than a year ago at slightly lower occupancies. EAA brand fleet-wide pricing, excluding Costa, is slightly lower than a year ago on lower occupancies. EAA brands are 50% in Europe, slightly up from 47% last year, with the balance in various other itineraries. EAA brand European pricing is up slightly versus a year ago on lower occupancies. EAA pricing on all other itineraries taken together is lower than last year, also at lower occupancies. On an overall basis, we are currently forecasting that constant dollar revenue yields will be flat to down slightly for the second quarter, slightly higher in North America, slightly lower for EAA. For the second quarter guidance, we are guiding earnings in the range of $0.05 to $0.09, or a midpoint of $0.07. This is versus $0.26 in the second quarter of 2011. Swing in earnings for the second quarter of -- from the second quarter of 2011 is primarily due to the Costa impact of about $0.12 a share and higher fuel costs of about $0.10 a share. Now turning to the third quarter. Capacity is expected to be up in the 2.9% range, 3.4% in North America, 2.2% in EAA. On a fleet-wide basis, third quarter pricing is higher than a year ago on lower occupancies. North American brand pricing is slightly higher than a year ago at lower occupancies. North American brand capacity in the third quarter is 38% in the Caribbean, slightly higher than a year ago; 24% in Alaska, the same, slightly higher; and 25% in Europe, which was about the same as last year. Pricing for Caribbean itineraries is higher than a year ago, with pricing for Alaska and Europe cruises flat with last year. Occupancies for the Caribbean and Alaska cruises are slightly lower versus last year, and occupancies for Europe cruises are lower than last year. For EAA brands, pricing is nicely higher than a year ago at lower occupancies. EAA brand capacity is 85% in Europe itineraries, which is slightly up from 82% the prior year. EAA brand constant dollar pricing for European and all other itineraries is higher than a year ago on lower occupancies. Now turning to the fourth quarter. Fleet-wide capacity in the fourth quarter is expected to be 2.9% higher than last year, 3.7% for North America brands, 1.7% for EAA brands. This, of course, excludes Costa. Fleet-wide pricing is slightly higher than a year ago at lower occupancies. Much business remains to be booked for the fourth quarter, so I caution not to read too much into this information. North American brand pricing in the fourth quarter is flat versus last year at lower occupancies. North American brands are 43% in the Caribbean, slightly higher than a year ago, 13% in Europe, which is about the same as the past year, with the balance in various other itineraries. Caribbean pricing is higher than a year ago at higher occupancies. Europe pricing is also higher versus last year at lower occupancies, and pricing for all other itineraries taken together is higher than a year ago on lower occupancies. Turning to EAA. EAA pricing, which is the EAA brands of 61% in Europe itineraries, is nicely higher versus the year ago at lower occupancies. So that kind of wraps up the current status of the booking picture for 2012. And I think, with that, Kayla, I think we can open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In the release -- and I guess this should be directed to Micky but also, Howard -- your comment on price discounting was interesting, especially since occupancies are lagging in almost every quarter. I'm just wondering, are you actually seeing improvement fast enough to make you comfortable that customers won't need a little nudge, especially in Europe, given how that's also lagging?
Micky M. Arison: I don't know what you mean by a little nudge. But I think...
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, I guess what I mean is a little stimulation.
Micky M. Arison: I'm kidding, Felicia. I guess what we're saying is that our brands -- and we're obviously comfortable with what we're saying here. And the reality is, all we're saying is that marketing efforts, discounting, et cetera, to achieve our yields forecast will not be greater than last year or shouldn't be greater than last year. But that's not to say there wasn't incentive for booking last year as well. So it's not that marketing activities won't continue. It's not that -- but we're very comfortable with this forecast based on the information we have to date, and we believe that they're very achievable. And we'll do what marketing efforts we need to do to get it done. Clearly, the pattern is -- has been positive as we get further away from the incident.
Howard S. Frank: I think as we've emerged from this period, and based on a lot of the surveys we've done in different markets, not in all markets, certainly not in certain European markets, the issue of the Concordia incident has really fallen away as a major obstacle for selling cruises. So it's come back to great value, great vacations. And our guys, really apart from the Costa situation, feel that things are getting better. So that -- the close-in patterns are good, which is not necessarily always good for us. We like to see further out booking patterns, and I think that's going to start to happen as business gets stronger closer in, then bookings get pushed out and pricing gets -- becomes more sustainable. So I think they're feeling pretty good about the situation, and we're not totally out of the woods. I don't want to suggest that. But certainly, the trending seems to be quite positive right now.
Micky M. Arison: I think Howard's point is a good point. We've done consumer surveys now in all our major markets, and all our brands are doing them. And by far, the #1 reason why people are holding out is not safety. Safety is way down the list. There is a clear recognition that this is a very, very safe industry. The #1, consistently across-the-board, is that expectation that prices are getting lower. And at this point, there's no reason to believe that's going to be the case versus last year. And hopefully, as people realize it, they'll come off the fence and book their vacations.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's actually very, very helpful color. I appreciate that. And then just on Europe and kind of in line with your answer there, obviously, there's weakness coming from North American-sourced consumer. You mentioned airfare among some other things, but what can you do to offset that airfare issue as a gating factor for the North American consumer who might want a cruise in Europe but who's kind of getting some sticker shock?
Micky M. Arison: Well, they can take Queen Mary 2.
Howard S. Frank: No. I mean, they're -- look, our guys are pretty creative when it comes to the marketing side, and they are taking actions to strengthen the booking pattern for European cruises, and they're doing it in various ways. Each brand does it uniquely different than the other. They don't like -- they don't copy each other necessarily. So we're seeing bookings in Europe. It's just -- it has been slow, and it's going to be -- it's probably not going to be our best year in Europe and -- but I think that they will be creative. We haven't added a huge amount of capacity, North American brands to the European programs this year. It is up some, but not a whole lot.
Beth Roberts: 5%.
Howard S. Frank: 5%.
Micky M. Arison: By the way, I was only partially kidding. Because as airfares across the Atlantic get higher, Queen Mary 2 gets to be a greater and greater value. And it's the best way to go to Europe or back.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Then you'd have to take 2 cruises.
Howard S. Frank: Absolutely.
Micky M. Arison: And you need...
Howard S. Frank: Nothing wrong with that, but the food is so much better.
Operator: Our next question comes on the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wonder, given that it's kind of a departure to have occupancy down, and obviously, it's to protect the brand, does it make sense at some point to take some Costa ships out of service to eliminate the operating expense while the occupancy is down?
Micky M. Arison: Yes. I want to at least have the opportunity to clarify that comment about occupancy with Costa. It's clearly a short-term tactic based on present information and the fact that Costa, in many of its markets, still is not doing any advertising. So it's the reality of the situation. It's a tactic. As soon as that changes, as soon as they are comfortable from a PR point of view to start marketing, they will do that and hopefully bring this occupancy up. But our forecasts are built on the concept that the majority of their yield deterioration will be occupancy.
Howard S. Frank: Right. And just let me comment further that a lot of the occupancy loss is occurring now. So on a shorter time frame, we'll see a greater proportion of the occupancy loss. Longer term, further out, we shouldn't have much occupancy loss on any of the brands. And then just one more point on the issue of looking at other possibilities, I mean, clearly, the company -- because it has a unique ability to source in so many different markets, it is looking further out and into 2013 at their itineraries, currently, and will make some adjustments indeed, I think, for this winter. This coming winter, they're moving another ship to the South American market, to the Brazil and Argentina zones.
Micky M. Arison: Brazil.
David Bernstein: We did, by the way, think about and look at laying up ships. But because of the disruptive nature and the short-term nature of the occupancy decline, we don't believe that, that would make sense for the long-term strength of the brand.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I wonder if you can give a little bit of color. You talked about some of the sequential year-over-year changes for the Costa brand, seeing how that had improved from the initial weeks. Can you give a little bit of color on the change for North American brands or company-wide x Costa? You mentioned down mid- to high-single digits, and that sounded like a cumulative change over the 7 weeks, but just to get some sense of how that trended from week 1 through week 7.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I think for North America, what we're seeing is actually a little bit of surprise. The contemporary brand Carnival seems to be performing stronger than their premium brands and -- but I think part of the premium brand issue as we read through it is also these European cruises this spring, summer and fall. But Carnival, we thought there would be more of a first-timer issue. They seem to have come through this quite nicely right now. And first timers appear to be, from everything they can see because their bookings have been up recently, that first timers -- we don't have the data specifically on first timers. It's too early, but it looks like Carnival Cruise Lines will not have any kind of a problem. For Holland America, Princess and even Seabourn, they're doing fine, except for these European cruises, and they're doing all they can to try to shore that up right now. But Alaska seems to be okay. Their Caribbean programs are fine. All their other long-term programs are fine. So I think that's sort of the North America situation. And it has gotten stronger each week. As I say, it's a little bit uneven, depending on how much marketing they're doing. But each week, the pattern is getting stronger and stronger.
Micky M. Arison: It's interesting because the perception out there was that Carnival Cruise Lines, because they have more first timers and more North America and because of the name recognition, vis--vis Costa, would be most impacted. But in reality, they've been the least impacted. And in fact, their business is up year-over-year. And they're our best performing brand right now on a year-over-year basis.
David Bernstein: Looking at the North American brand specifically, I mean, shortly after the incident, they started down in the double-digits, and they improved considerably. As Howard mentioned in his notes, it varies week by week, depending on the marketing activities of each brand. But it is, overall, a general positive trend into the low-single digits.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So in other words -- thats what I was trying to clarify. If the down mid- to high-single digits is cumulative, and it was initially down double-digits, are the last sort of 2 weeks or so down -- it sounds like you're saying its down less than 5% year-over-year?
Howard S. Frank: It's really -- I'd rather give you overall -- youre really looking at it on a rolling basis because the weeks can be very uneven. But they are getting positive, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can we just talk a little bit about the $173 million charge related to Ibero goodwill and trademark? I guess I don't completely understand it because by taking the charge, and you're saying slower-than-anticipated capacity growth due to the current state of the Spanish economy, does that essentially assume that you think the Spanish economy will be weak forever? That's the way I read that write-off and how you're able to do it. And then...
Micky M. Arison: Can I answer that question first?
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure guys. Sure.
Micky M. Arison: The reality is the way this is done -- and maybe David can explain it better than I can. It's a long-term model, and in that long-term model, we had projections of moving ships into the brand and growing the brand over time. In reality, over the last 12 months, we have reduced capacity by moving the Grand Voyager out of the brand, and our competitors, Pullmantur, have also pulled capacity out of the marketplace. So was it realistic to continue to assume that we're just going to add capacity when we're actually reducing capacity? And so when we pulled that capacity out of the model, it required this write-off. David...
David Bernstein: Correct. Yes. We just basically slowed down the future growth of capacity. We still believe in the Spanish market longer term. But at the moment, I think we've said a number of times that Ibero was struggling as a result of the economy. I think the unemployment rate is still like 20% in Spain. And as a result of that, we felt this was the right thing to do.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I mean, I think, Steve, it's going to take longer. I think we felt it's going to take longer for the Spanish economy to return to reasonable levels of strength so that -- it was hard to justify today, that 3 or 5 years, whenever we're adding a ship, would happen. We just -- with a marginal call on the goodwill for a while, we were covered with this additional capacity 3, 5 years out. But once we took that capacity out of the model and it was difficult for us to support it internally, we just felt uncomfortable with it, that let's just take it out and take the charge so we don't have to deal with it later on. It doesn't mean we wouldn't add that capacity later on if the market supported it. And clearly, we think the Spanish market will come back, but it may take a few more years than we originally thought. That's clearly seems to be what people are saying.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess I just -- if you did add capacity back on, then what's the accounting for it? I mean, if you decided to do that in 2 years?
David Bernstein: There's no change. You can't write back up goodwill.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's what I thought. Okay. So then the second issue is, just on Costa, I think it was you, Howard, who had said that you thought it would come back in 1 year or -- that was your number. What was -- or your time frame. What's giving you the confidence that it's 1 year and not 6 months or 3 years?
Howard S. Frank: Well, there's been a lot of -- when I said -- let me get into that. When I said come back, I said, for most markets, the pattern should start to -- they expect the patterns should start to normalize in about a year. Now what -- all the work and research have been -- huge amount of research done over in Europe by Costa on the process by which -- how this is going to happen, using benchmarks from other companies had in crisis situations. I think that -- while there's nothing that says that this pattern's going to follow those patterns, there is a feeling that on many of the major -- and by the way, we're starting to see -- many of Costa's markets are coming back already and starting to show some normalization, but they're not the major markets. The major markets for Costa will be Germany, Italy of course, France and Spain. We're seeing evidence in France and Spain, actually, of their business coming back already, less so in Italy and Germany. But we need Italy and Germany. Italy for sure, and...
Micky M. Arison: Actually, Germany had a good week last week, but 1 week is not...
Howard S. Frank: Yes. Italy, for sure, is going to be the major challenge. But I think the feeling is that 1 year from now, based on these very smart people who seem to have been through this before and the sense of the positive trending we're starting to see now without any marketing out there, that we should get back to more normal booking levels. Where the pricing -- I think -- I'm not sure pricing will come back to the same levels, but we'll see. But I think we'll gradually come out of this in '13. I think '13 should -- obviously will show an improvement over '12, but it may take 1 year or 2 to get back to the kind of profitability that we expected to have in 2012.
Micky M. Arison: And obviously -- it's blatantly obvious, but from 1 year ago, Costa's capacity now will be down 3 ships with -- they sold the Costa Marina, the Concordia and, now, the Allegra. So their capacity is 3 ships less than we would have expected in '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a clarification and then a bigger-picture question. So in your comments, you mentioned that Costa has swung about $500 million in profitability to a loss of $100 million. About how much of that -- how much is that on an earnings basis? And is that -- that's embedded in your 2012 guidance?
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I mean -- yes, that's all in -- what I was trying to do was explain the major reduction in guidance, and that represented $0.65 of the $1.15 in lower guidance, Harry.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then just a 30,000-foot question. In the hotel industry, there's an adage that the industry doesn't really know if it's overbuilt until it builds one room too many, and that's a topic that probably applies to the cruise industry as well. And my question is, is it overbuilt? Should the industry really be adding any capacity here?
Micky M. Arison: We're still -- you can go back to the normal stuff. We're still a very, very small piece of the vacation market. And the reality of the growth potential in many of our markets is still very big. And we've said that we're growing at a much, much slower pace, 2 to 3 ships a year, and we've also said that the 2 or 3 ships a year will not be all incremental capacity because some of the older ships will be sold and taken out of the fleet. And in fact, the Allegra was for sale, and we had anticipated taking her out of the fleet as soon as we had a buyer. So the growth rate will be coming down, but I still think there's plenty of growth potential in this industry. Remember, unlike the hotel industry, we operate at full occupancy. Hotel industry operates at 70% or 75% occupancy.
David Bernstein: And with 2 to 3 ships a year, if you net out some sales as Micky mentioned, you're really probably only talking about a 3% or 4% capacity growth, which was really in line with the population growth in many of the markets and where we operate. And actually, it is less than the growth of the, let's say, the 45-plus age population growth in many of the markets we're operating. So we feel that we have slowed down the capacity growth in line with our overall marketplace.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: But as a practical matter, the industry through the cycle has really only averaged maybe just over 1% yield growth, and that's not going to drive your return on invested capital. I think you've got to get your pricing higher to do that. And so has there been any consideration that the 2 to 3 ships a year should really be a lower number?
David Bernstein: But keep in mind, Harry, the 1% you're talking about is in a period of time where you're talking about a high-single digit, and in many cases, double-digit capacity growth. And so now, we're talking about low-single-digit capacity growth. And the reason we changed the strategy was for the very point you mentioned, in the hopes that we wouldn't necessarily have to discount the cruises as much compared to other vacation alternatives. We could begin to close the gap, get a little bit more pricing power and improve our return on investments.
Howard S. Frank: There's no question, we agree with you, that the product deserves much higher yield growth and, hopefully, in the future, we'll see it. But we have gone through a financial crisis, and I won't go through the whole litany of stuff. But the reality is that we believe, with the slower capacity growth, that in a normalized period of time, we can get significantly higher yield growth. And historically, we haven't had cost growth so that the returns could return.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As you look out to 2013, I'm assuming, if you kind of even exclude the Costa line, that things will be normalized by then. And if that's the case, would you actually expect maybe even a greater bump up in terms of the growth rate, in terms of whether it's bookings or net yields, just because you face really easy comparisons from -- you'll face easy comparisons from 2012?
Howard S. Frank: Greg, the one thing I will agree with you on is the comparisons will be easier for 2012. I hate to get into talking about 2013 just yet. I think it's still early. But clearly, the comparisons will be easier. I think we like -- look, I think we've got a great business. I think we like -- we got our strong brand positionings in each of the major markets. When we started the year, this year, the first 2 weeks of January, where I mentioned our business was quite strong, our bookings were up, our pricing was up, especially in North America, we were feeling that this could be a very, very strong year, and then this event came along. So yes, I think 2013, absent exogenous events that -- and the European economy going into a real tailspin, we're doing okay. Even the U.K. market -- North America looks fine to us, actually. U.K. market, even with all this noise out there, is coming right -- it's coming through very nicely right now and with very little sign that the incident is affecting their business at all right now. And so we feel good about that, and we know Germany's going to come back. The AIDA brand is an amazing brand with an amazing management team, very talented people running it and the strongest position in the German market. And Costa, we think it's going to go through a little bit of pain this year and a little bit less pain in 2013, but it clearly will be better. And so I think the future is bright for us. I really feel good about the business right now.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just kind of keeping on the theme -- I mean -- so when you look at your price versus occupancy, how do you look at that? Because, I guess, in -- next year, it's a lot harder to recover if you start discounting now. So are you thinking maybe even give up a little bit of occupancy because then it's easier to kind of work off the pricing base that you'll have in 2012?
Micky M. Arison: Our long-term strategy on occupancy and price has not changed. Our discussion about giving occupancy in Costa is a short-term tactical situation based on present events. But you should expect that our long-term strategy, which we believe is the way to maximize profitability, has not changed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: First of all, just a clarification. The $30 million, roughly, deductible, or right about that amount for the ship, where is that included in relation to the whole comments regarding Costa? So just a clarification from that standpoint. And I guess the other one also, if you would have the capacity by quarters, inclusive of Costa? And then I guess more of a real question here too. Given that Costa, the Carnival brand and AIDA appear to be your most profitable brands, and the Carnival brand, you've already commented on, what it's doing; and then AIDA, as AIDA starts to come back, how much of a recovery, I guess, have you built into your expectations for this year for the AIDA brand in 2012 from the present levels?
David Bernstein: Okay. Well, let me start with the $30 million deductible relating to the Costa Concordia. At the time we put that into the 10-K, it wasn't clear what the end result of the ship would be. Now that it's been declared a constructive total loss, the deductible no longer applies. It's just a part of the overall policy. And therefore, that $30 million disappeared from the financial analysis. As far as the capacity by quarter, let's see. The total capacity, were up 3.7% in the first quarter; 2.7%, second; 2.9%, third; 2.9%, fourth; and 3.0% for the full year.
Howard S. Frank: That includes Costa.
David Bernstein: And that includes Costa, yes.
Howard S. Frank: On the AIDA question, Tim, I think they've taken down their revenue yields as a result of these -- this hit. This interim hit. But they see the business coming back so their -- but they have -- for purposes of our forecast, they have taken down their revenue yields as a result of the incident. But I think that they're starting to see business come back. But there will be some level of hit because they've taken -- in order to fill close-in, they've had to take pricing down a little bit.
Micky M. Arison: I think last week, they were up year-over-year for the first time. So that was very encouraging.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On the bookings, Micky?
Micky M. Arison: Yes, yes.
Howard S. Frank: Correct.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then I guess my other question is back to more, let's call it, normal state of affairs, one of the prior questions related to the slower capacity and so forth. Yes, you've had some good cost leverage and a good history of doing that. Do you still feel comfortable of maintaining that -- I guess you'd said before roughly 1/2 the rate of inflation or so, with the lower capacity growth as you look out into '13, '14 and '15 at this point.
David Bernstein: We've consistently said flat to 1/2 of inflation. And the reason we're comfortable with that is because we are working on quite a number of things. We have a corporate group. Weve got a profit improvement program. They've got lots of different things going on. The gold mine of opportunity for us is the continuation of the brands working together to leverage our size, to work through collectively in order to save money. And we've been working on that extensively over the last couple of years, and that gold mine of opportunity is far from completely harvested at this point.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And if I may, one...
David Bernstein: Short answer is yes.
Howard S. Frank: Answer is yes.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. One last clarification. The Allegra, at this point, scrap? Or can it be recovered and then eventually sold as you were originally planning?
Micky M. Arison: Yes. I mean, we've written her down because it was our intent to -- it is not our intent to put her back into service, and we believe that the repair cost will be more than we'd want to spend to put her back in service. Whether we sell her or scrap her, that decision hasn't been made yet. We have to get a full cost of what it will take to repair her. She's on the market for sale, she has been, but we're going to have to obviously reduce the price of the ship for sale, and well see what happens.
Howard S. Frank: In the last year or so, there have been a couple of different groups expressing an interest in that ship.
Micky M. Arison: We've written her down to a level that we feel comfortable that we'll be able to get at least that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but just going back to the expense question, David, I guess when we look at your expense forecast now, I'm pretty surprised it's essentially still flat from where it was back in December. And you talked about that you guys identified some expenses that you can cut out. Can you just walk us through just where those are coming from or maybe what buckets those are coming out of? And then does your expense forecast include anything in terms of higher cost for whether it's safety standards or insurance deductibles or anything like that?
David Bernstein: Yes. We looked at every single line item. To start with, on the advertising front, I mean, we had talked about the fact that advertising was down in the first quarter because all the brands essentially stopped advertising for some period of time after the event. We do expect to spend most of that money in the remainder of the year, but probably not all of it. So some of it came in the form of advertising. We looked through the G&A expenses, travel, training, cutting back in all areas that weren't essential. All of the operating companies' CEOs talked to their people and identified numerous items relating to ship operating expenses that could be saved without impacting the product. And one other item is we built our forecast early in the year on inflation assumptions. And what we noticed was, in the first 3 months of the year, our inflation assumptions were a little high, so we brought them down for the back half of the year. And as a result of the lower expectations, we were able to reduce costs in the remaining 3 quarters to cover some of those one-time expenses we talked about.
Howard S. Frank: I guess just a clarification, just probably because I'm more sensitive to it than some other people. But when David talks about saving on training, the focus is on hotel training, not safety training, not emergency training. Just hotel and that sort of stuff.
David Bernstein: Mostly shore and shore-side training.
Micky M. Arison: Just to finish up on the issue of potential regulations, clearly, this is something that, with the safety group that we have, both internally and with CLIA, those recommendations, when found, would go to the IMO. And if they think that we can institute immediately, we would obviously do that like we did with the muster drill change that we did with CLIA. But anything that was more structural or anything like that, that would be costly would have to go through the IMO process that would take quite some time. So it's not something that would be in our '13 expectations -- our '12 expectations, sorry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Howard, I wanted to ask for a clarification. When you gave Q3 and Q4 outlooks, those were without Costa. Is that correct?
Howard S. Frank: Yes. And I didn't give -- actually, it wasn't the outlook. It was really the current status of bookings, and it was without Costa, x Costa.
Assia Georgieva: Would you be able to give us that type of color on Costa only?
Howard S. Frank: I think the issue with Costa is that since it's -- everything related to what that company is going to do this year is going to be such a one-off situation that to try to -- and even speculating on the situation or giving you data points, I don't think is worthwhile information. Let's just look at it for this year as a very challenging year, a rebuilding process, a retooling process, a remarketing process. So when you're not looking -- when you don't have marketing out there, your websites aren't doing any marketing. Even your basic website is difficult to market on today. Giving you information like that, I think, wouldnt enable you to get a sense as to what the real business is doing. That's why I chose to say -- look, this is what the profit we expected it to be, this is what the profit loss is going to be, this is the swing, and let's look forward to 2013.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, fair enough. Going back to the state of affairs for Q3, and again, I guess, excluding Costa at this point, do you -- have you built any upside on a year-on-year basis, given that in April and May we are entering much easier comparisons when we had the Arab Spring and the Japan earthquake events impacting bookings in the year-ago period? Is that built into your Q3 forecast? Or are you waiting to anniversary it and then see how it goes?
Micky M. Arison: Our forecast is built on what our brand's booking patterns are now and what they perceive they will wind up with at the end of the year. And then we look at it for reasonability. And I think, based on everything that's happened, everybody's a bit conservative. But obviously, it's our best shot at where we're going to wind up. And historically, we've done a pretty good job of that. Obviously, this is the unique set of circumstances, and that's why the ranges are a little broader. But I don't think it has anything to do with last year. I think it's based on what we're seeing right now and what the perception is going forward and where we're going to wind up.
Howard S. Frank: And remember, the MENA effect last year was mostly within Costa. A large portion of the cost of MENA was actually in the Costa brand. So most of the other brands, I think, are marginally affected by MENA, but not to a great degree.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. The 300 itinerary changes that were made last year because of MENA were virtually all Costa.
Howard S. Frank: And maybe that's why you were interested in Costa, Assia. I mean, I don't know, but yes.
Assia Georgieva: Well, partly because of that, and also just to get more of a sense as to how you expect their booking patterns to recover over time, since you gave us the breakdown the first 4 weeks -- the most recent 3 weeks. I thought that would be interesting. And again, one last question. Any update on the time frame for the removal of the Concordia hull at this point? Or are you still waiting on bids to actually finalize plans?
Howard S. Frank: Well, one of the challenges, I think, is going to be the salvage of that ship. Salvage bids just came in earlier this month, and theyre being evaluated right now. Realistically though, I mean -- and that's one of the challenges Costa's going to have -- we don't expect -- it's going to be a unique salvage. It's never been done in this order of magnitude. So there's a lot of planning and engineering that needs to go into it and probably building some unique tools to do it with. And it's realistic to think that the process -- what they're saying right now is we shouldn't expect the salvage process to begin until after the summer. So it could be there for quite some time, the hull of the ship.
Assia Georgieva: And I imagine winter -- yes, go ahead David.
David Bernstein: Yes. No, Costa did indicate in a press release this morning that because of the complexity, they do expect the duration to be 10 to 12 months overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you guys talk a little bit about how the incentives have changed, the level of them year-over-year, and maybe how that might impact onboard spending in the next quarter or 2? And then also if you have any more color on Alaska, that would be really helpful. I think -- I'm not sure if I recall correctly, but I think it sounded a little bit more positive on last quarter's call.
David Bernstein: Jaime, when you say -- you said the level of incentives, you're talking about the pricing?
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Well, yes, the pricing and what you guys are using to get people onboard, whether that's onboard credits or some sort of program like that to incentivize them.
David Bernstein: Well, overall, I mean, all our brands, depending on the marketplace and the itinerary, in some cases, it's pricing. In some cases, it's an upgrade. In some cases, it's an onboard credit. Our brands are very creative, and they do what works in each situation. So there's a little bit of everything thrown in across all of the brands around the world. As far as the onboard spend is concerned, Howard did indicate that excluding Costa, he expected the prices overall for the year to be in line with the prior year. So taking a look at that, we weren't necessarily expecting a significant change, and we built into our onboard revenue forecast an increase. We actually had -- excluding Costa, we probably had about 1.5 points of yield increase on the onboard side in the December guidance. The first quarter came in much more than we had anticipated, and so we did build in a little bit of an increase in those numbers for the remainder of the year. So we are seeing some good onboard spend increases. All of the categories are up, all the major categories, including casino in the first quarter. I was quite pleased by that.
Howard S. Frank: On the Alaska question, Jaime, I dont remember what actually -- what we actually said on Alaska. I think Alaska's been pretty consistent and solid. Not spectacular. But I think -- if anything, I think it may -- the picture maybe look a little bit better, maybe at the expense of Europe for all I know. But I mean -- people doing more Alaska cruises than Europe cruises because of the cost of Europe cruises going up. But Alaska seems to be doing okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I've got a couple of questions on yields. First of all, on Costa, you're saying it has a 2- to 4-percentage-point impact on group yield, which applies Costa yields down 15% to 25% or so. But then you also said bookings are down, I think you said, 40% to 50% of the last 4 weeks. That seems to imply quite a sharp recovery over the next few months. And then the other question was -- I'm just interested in trying to strip out the sort of noise post-Concordia and what sort of trajectory you were on. In ways, you said it started well. Your onboards are better. Royal was guiding originally to 2% to 4% underlying. I'm just wondering whether you would have increased your original yield guidance of 1% to 2%.
David Bernstein: Okay. Well, as far as Costa's concerned, Jamie -- I mean, you're right. The math -- the way the math works since it's 15% of our capacity, that 15% to 25% range makes sense. One thing to keep in mind that we talked about is the majority of that is going to come in the form of occupancy when you're talking about yield decline. So at the moment, Costa's behind in terms of bookings in the high-single digits. So they can continue to be behind on a year-over-year basis considerably to wind up with a 15% to 25% occupancy decline -- or yield decline, most of it coming from occupancy. This isn't a situation where Costa has to catch up. It's not a zero-sum game. They don't have to exceed last year's booking patterns in order to make this guidance. So it's a little bit different from that perspective. As far as the full year guidance is concerned, we did exceed the guidance in the first quarter. It was 1.5% to 2.5%. We came in at 2.9%. So the year was starting off strongly. We're very pleased. I think Micky indicated that before. So I'd like to believe we might have increased it, but it's very hard to say at this point what would have happened.
Howard S. Frank: I'm not sure if I said this, but [indiscernible] is asking me this question. But North America brands for that first 2 weeks of January were up in the mid-teens levels in terms of bookings. So it was off to -- we were off to a very, very positive start for North America.
Micky M. Arison: Even the booking period over the holidays, which is normally extremely quiet, was very strong this year. So we were very encouraged up until January 13.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And if I could just follow up on Costa. Are you absolutely confident in the future of the brand? Is there any risk it does need a sort of rebranding or anything like that? And also, what's the goodwill for Costa please?
Howard S. Frank: We are totally confident in the brand. I mean, it's a global brand. All the surveys we've done so far, whether they're in Continental Europe or other markets, indicate that the issue, certainly in other markets, is becoming less and less of an issue, the incident itself. Business has picked up in these other markets, and we're forecasting that it will take time in the Central European markets or primary European markets to get back to normal. But there's no reason -- I think people, even in Italy, are seeing this as a one-time freak event and don't see it as a fundamental issue with the company or the brand or the management or the safety of the ships. It's just a very unfortunate incident, and most of the polls seem to support that notion, so -- and are getting better and better on the issue. So we think it's going to come back fairly -- take 1 year, 2 to come back, but it's going to come back.
David Bernstein: Jamie, we don't have the goodwill for Costa with us, but you can call Beth after the call. I'm sure she can fill you in on some of the details. I will say that when we last did the Costa goodwill test, which we did -- we do every July, there was a considerable amount of headroom. And our expectation is that the brand will be rebuilt, and it will perform, and so we're not concerned about a goodwill impairment in relation to Costa.
Micky M. Arison: One of the encouraging things is -- obviously, Italy is the biggest issue. And our surveys -- we've done extensive surveys in Italy. And the encouraging thing is that the Italian consumer continues to view Costa as a great vacation option and a terrific vacation value. When the majority of the population feels that way, you feel very strongly that once we get past this, they're going to want to experience the product because that's the way they feel right now. So wherever -- there's no question that Costa's going to come back and come back stronger than ever over the long term.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On the comment about the $3.3 billion of free cash flow, which includes, I guess, $0.5 billion of insurance proceeds, that just about covers the capital investment and the quarterly dividend as it currently is. Are you signaling you're unlikely to return additional cash to shareholders this year, please?
Micky M. Arison: We're not trying to signal anything. We're just trying to give the facts as they are. We weren't trying to signal anything.
Howard S. Frank: Just that [ph] there would be no need to go to the markets to borrow any money in the banks. And our cash flows will cover our dividend, as well as our capital cost for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Stanford with Oriel Securities.
Edward Stanford - Oriel Securities Ltd., Research Division: Just one question, if I may, picking up on your comments just now on the dividend. Should we read anything into your declaration of the dividend post the Concordia incident? And how does that fit relative to guidance in your 30% to 40% payout ratio plans, please?
David Bernstein: I think, overall, we said in the long term the 30% to 40% was our target. But the reason we chose the 30% to 40% was because we believe that, that was sustainable through all cycles. This is a cycle, and therefore, we're -- we believe the dividend is sustainable until the earnings comes back.
Micky M. Arison: And that was kind of -- I mean, that's what we have pointed out in the press release, that the cash flow is sufficient to cover all our CapEx and the dividend.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson with Jefferies & Company.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's Ian Rennardson of Jefferies. I just have one final question. Are you comfortable that your insurance will cover all eventualities?
Howard S. Frank: Yes, we're comfortable.
David Bernstein: Yes.
Micky M. Arison: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Liebowitz with Horizon Kinetics.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC: First, when will the Italian Naval Board issue their report?
Micky M. Arison: We have no idea. No. Italy is Italy, and they're going through their process. We're cooperating in every way we can.
Howard S. Frank: You mean the Coast Guard or Naval? Or Coast Guard?
David Liebowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC: Well, whatever the point of inquiry is, are we talking then something, let's say, by June or October? I mean do you have...
Howard S. Frank: No, I suspect that -- look, I don't know which particular -- there are a number of different organizations regulatory-wise looking at the incident and probably will do some -- their own evaluations. There's also a prosecution -- ongoing question of prosecution for the -- against certain people or potentially the company. But we don't think that's going to happen relative to the event. That could go on for quite some time in Italy, as Micky indicates.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC: Well, second, how are we doing with our -- if not hedging whatever contractual arrangements we're making for fuel for the balance of this year?
Micky M. Arison: I think David went over that. You want to...
David Bernstein: Yes. It's in the press release. We've got the table for the back half of 2012, as well as '13, '14, and '15 where 20% of our consumption is collared.
Micky M. Arison: Is collared, yes.
David Bernstein: So nothing for the second quarter, but 20% in the third and fourth.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC: And given the collars, et cetera, how low would the price of fuel have to go for you to foreshorten the Q1, Q2 crossings so you could get an extra selling or 2?
Micky M. Arison: We'll never do that if the fuel consumption is just too large. The likelihood is we'd lengthen it rather than shorten it. When we lengthened it from 6 to 7 days, the fuel savings was high enough that we didn't need any additional revenue to make the profitability increase. And in fact, we did get some additional revenue. So it was the correct decision, and we're actually studying lengthening it again to reduce the speed again. I mean, we have a huge focus on reducing consumption.
Howard S. Frank: And the passenger response on the ship has been terrific. They don't have a problem taking the additional day at sea.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Kinetics LLC: And lastly, the amount or quantity of bookings you are receiving from onboard passengers, has that been continuing to go up as it was the last few years? Or is there some sort of ceiling it may have hit?
Micky M. Arison: Im sorry. I don't know the answer there.
Howard S. Frank: I really don't know the answer. That will vary, by the way, by brand, David, in terms of how much marketing. Certain brands do a lot more marketing onboard than others for future cruises. So it really varies by brand. But I don't -- we don't have any across-the-board answer for you on that. Sorry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manis Menarils [ph] with Exane [ph].
Unknown Analyst: I just have 2 quick questions, please. Did I hear you correctly when you said that you would expect 1 to 2 years to come back to the expected profits for the group? So would that read -- would I have understood well? And the second point, on the operating cash flow of $3.3 billion, given the CapEx you've guided for and your dividend expectations, would that mean that you would operate on a broadly stable net debt in FY '12 versus 2011?
Micky M. Arison: The first part of your question, I would say that -- we said 1 to 2 years for the Costa brand. I think we believe the other brands will recover much more quickly. And as I think we've said, Carnival Cruise Lines is actually booking up year-over-year. So we think the recovery will be much more quick for the non-Costa business. It's hard to tell on Costa. There is feeling that it's going to be 1 year or 2. Actually, I have to say that although the consensus is that, I believe it will come back faster than that. So we'll see. Second part of your question?
David Bernstein: As far as the net debt, it will be -- essentially, that does imply it will be flat. We do have some maturities this year, but we also have a couple of export credits associated with the ship deliveries. So it should be essentially flat for the year.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And can I just have a follow-up on CapEx? After the Allegra, do you have any expectations for boosting your CapEx or revisiting some of your ship engines or safety or whatever that you should book this year?
Micky M. Arison: We have a very extensive refit program going on at a number of our brands, and that is already in our CapEx expectation prior to this quarter. We also, based on lessons learned from a prior but similar event, we have had extensive refits to a number of our ships to improve the safety of the fire prevention systems in the engine rooms. And we've spent many millions of dollars over the last 12 months refitting the ships with additional safety equipment in those areas.
Beth Roberts: The CapEx requirement for this year is expected to be $2.6 billion, dropping down to $1.9 billion for 2013. Included in those numbers is an investment of $700 million to $750 million for other CapEx for the existing fleet.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, I thank you all for calling in. And if you have any further questions or details, Beth will be available for the rest of the day. Thanks so much. Have a great day, everyone.
Micky M. Arison: Thank you very much.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-12-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Carnival Plc and Senior Vice President of Carnival Plc Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc. Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Assia Georgieva Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, December 20, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard S. Frank: Good morning, everyone. With me this morning is Micky Arison, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer and Senior VP of Finance; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations.  Before I go to the outlook for 2012, I'll have David take you through our results for the fourth quarter and give you some color on that as well as our 2012 outlook for our cost metrics. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that some of the remarks on this conference call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies unless otherwise noted, as this is a more useful measure of business trends.  Our earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.28. The fourth quarter came in right at the midpoint of our September guidance.  Now let's take a look at the fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 6%, with 2/3 of the increase coming from our Europe, Australia and Asian brands, or as we call them, our EAA brands. Our EAA brands grew 10%, while our North American brands grew 3%.  Our net ticket -- our net revenue yields increased 1.4% in the fourth quarter, with similar increases in both net ticket and net onboard and other revenue yields. With respect to net ticket revenue yields, our North American brands were up almost 8% despite the negative impact from MENA on European itineraries. The improvement was driven by higher yields in the Caribbean, Alaska, Canada, New England and transatlantic itineraries.  Our EAA brands, which are principally cruising in Europe during the fourth quarter, were down over 6%. The yield decline was primarily driven by the impact on MENA itineraries.  In net onboard and other revenue yields, we experienced a 1.4% increase. This increase was also driven by our North American brands as our EAA brands were impacted from MENA itinerary changes that resulted in lower occupancies, lower shore excursion revenues and slightly lower spending in other areas.  On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding fuel per available lower berth day, were down 2% versus the prior year. The decline was driven by ship incident repair costs in the prior year. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption per ALBD declined 4% this quarter, continuing our multiyear savings trend. In total, this represents a 15% savings since 2005. However, fuel prices this quarter were 39% higher than last year, which cost us $0.21 per share.  In summary, the fourth quarter EPS was $0.28, lower than the 2010 earnings of $0.31 per share, as increased yields and lower net cruise costs excluding fuel mostly offset higher fuel prices.  Looking at the full year 2011. Our EPS was $2.42, which was slightly lower than the prior year's $2.47 as increased net revenue yields, a 5% capacity increase and a favorable benefit from currency were more than offset by a 32% increase in the price of fuel. For 2011, our net revenue yields increased 2%. This was driven by an almost 4% improvement in our North American brands, while our EAA brands were in line with the prior year despite all of their challenges.  Our 2011 EPS was $0.58 lower than the midpoint of the original guidance that we gave one year ago of $2.90 to $3.10 per share. I think it's fair to say that 2011 was a year of unexpected challenges.  The geopolitical unrest in the Middle East and North Africa, as well as the natural disaster in Japan, resulted in over 300 itinerary changes, which we estimate cost us $0.27. Fuel prices increased 23% above our original guidance, and while we benefited from currency, the net effect of fuel and currency cost us an additional $0.41. Absent these items, we would have been at the high end of our original guidance range from a year ago.  In the end, our operating companies performed very well, mitigating the impact of MENA, the European debt crisis, recessionary fears and stock market volatility. This is a testament to the quality of our management team, the power of our brands and the value proposition of the cruise business.  Turning to cash flow. As Micky indicated in the press release, our cash from operations reached $3.8 billion, which was more than enough to fund the ship expansion and refurbishment programs that required a capital investment of $2.7 billion, leaving us with free cash flow of $1.1 billion.  Earlier in 2011, we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share. Also, during the year, we opportunistically repurchased 14.8 million shares at an average price of $31 for a total of $455 million. The majority of these shares were repurchased during the third quarter. Only 300,000 shares were repurchased since our last conference call. It should be noted that in 2011, the dividends paid and the share repurchases totaled $1.1 billion, which represented all of our 2011 free cash flow.  Before turning to the 2012 outlook, I would like to update you on our recently implemented fuel derivative program. The program was intended to mitigate a portion of our economic risk attributable to potentially significant fuel price increases. As part of this program, we will evaluate various derivative products and strategies. To date, we have bought 0 cost collars for approximately 10% of our estimated fuel consumption for the second half of fiscal 2012 through fiscal 2015, with ceilings ranging from $125 to $135 and floors ranging from $71 to $75.  We designed the fuel derivative program to maximize operational flexibility by utilizing derivative markets with significant trading liquidity. These derivatives act as effective economic hedges. However, hedge accounting was not applied. Accordingly, the impact of realized gains and losses on the fuel derivatives that mature each period, as well as changes in unrealized gains and losses resulting from mark-to-market adjustments on our outstanding fuel derivatives, are recorded as a nonoperating item in our P&L.  We believe it's more meaningful to evaluate our earnings performance by excluding the impact of the unrealized gains and losses until the gains and losses are realized, and we've added a line to our P&L to reflect this exclusion, labeled Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share.  Going forward, we will not include in our earnings guidance any year-to-date impact or any future estimates of the unrealized gains and losses on the fuel derivatives. Accordingly, our earnings guidance will be on a non-GAAP basis. However, we will forecast realized gains and losses on fuel derivatives by applying the current Brent oil prices to the derivatives that settle in the forecast period. Based on this approach and the current prices, we are not forecasting any realized gains or losses for 2012 under our current fuel derivative portfolio.  Now turning to our 2012 outlook. I will skip net revenue yields as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, for the full year, net cruise costs per available lower berth day are forecasted to be flat versus the prior year, which is at the low end of our longer-term guidance of flat to half of inflation.  As fuel and currency are assumptions that impact our results, it should be noted that the current spot price for fuel used in our guidance is essentially in line with 2011's average price. However, based on the current FX rates, currency is expected to have a negative impact on our earnings next year of $0.17.  On a final note, I wanted to share with you our current rules of thumb about the impact of fuel and currency on our results. To start with, a 10% change in the price of fuel represents a $225 million or $0.29 per share impact for the full year. In addition, note that the 10% change obviously moves along with the price of fuel.  With respect to FX movement, the 10% change in all relevant currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would impact our P&L by approximately $0.25 a share for the full year.  At this point, I will turn the call over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David. Let me frame for you, if you will, the 2012 outlook for our business. We have 3 new ships scheduled for delivery in 2012: the Costa Fascinosa, which gets delivered in late April; the AIDAmar in May; and the Carnival Breeze in late May. So we have 3 spring deliveries. This will drive a fleet-wide capacity increase of 4.8%, 3.6% for the North America fleet and 6.6% for the EAA fleet.  Earnings guidance for 2012 has been established with a range of $2.55 to $2.85, which gives us a midpoint of $2.70 a share. Using the midpoint, we estimate that operating cash flow for 2012 will approach $4 billion. With CapEx estimated at $2.6 billion, free cash flow for the year should be approximately $1.4 billion.  With 2 ships currently scheduled for delivery in each of 2013, '14 and '15, we are expecting that free cash flow will continue to increase in each of these subsequent years.  Turning back to our 2012 earnings guidance, we have established this wider range of guidance this year, given the uncertain global economic outlook and the even greater uncertainty in European markets because of the sovereign debt crisis. The $0.30 per share range for 2012 compares to the $0.20 share range we have used in recent years.  Needless to say, our crystal ball for 2012 is somewhat hazier than in past years and thus a little more caution to our guidance. However, notwithstanding the global economic uncertainty, we are confident we can grow our earnings in 2012. The amount of earnings growth will depend on the revenue yield improvement we can achieve during the year.  And turning now to our booking trends, our more recent booking trends. There has been an ebb and flow to booking patterns over the last 13 weeks. Lower consumer confidence around the world and worries about the European sovereign debt crisis and its effect on European consumer pocketbooks have caused some delay in consumer vacation decisions and resulted in a closer end booking window. Although fleet-wide booking volumes during the last 13-week period have been running nicely higher year-over-year, we have achieved this volume by reducing prices for our cruises. But the good news is that consumers have responded to these lower prices and the booking volumes have increased.  North America brand booking volumes for the 13 weeks have been running higher than a year ago at lower prices. EAA brand bookings are slightly higher at lower prices. More recent bookings over the last 6 weeks have seen an even stronger pickup in booking volumes for both North America and Europe brands, which is an encouraging sign. The booking patterns during the upcoming wave season, which starts in early January, will give us a better indicator as to what the revenue yield picture will look like for the remainder of the year.  In terms of our current booking status at the present time, based on bookings taken to date, constant dollar ticket prices for both North America and EAA brands are slightly higher than a year ago on slightly lower year occupancies. This is a combination of stronger booking patterns during the last spring and summer and the weaker prices for bookings experienced during the 13 -- this last 13-week period.  We are currently guiding to yield improvement of a range of 1% to 2% for the year or a midpoint of 1.5%. To some degree, this yield improvement results from the significant hit we took on pricing and occupancy for our European and Mediterranean itineraries in 2011, which arose from the political upheavals in the Middle East and North Africa. We expect to improve our year-over-year occupancy for these cruises, which will be a major contributor to the forecasted revenue yield improvement in 2012.  Given the bookings already taken for 2012 and our forecasted pricing for the remainder of the year, which has factored in the economic headwinds in our various markets, we are comfortable with the 1% to 2% revenue yield range improvement for the year.  In terms of our earnings guidance for 2012, broadly speaking, our forecasted earnings improvement for 2012 comes from a higher yield of approximately 1.5%, a fleet-wide capacity increase of 4.8%, and it's offset by the negative effect of the changes in currency, which David mentioned before, on a year-over-year basis.  Our fuel pricing forecast is relatively unchanged year-over-year, although it does have a significant impact on the first quarter of 2012, which I will comment on later. As we indicated in the press release, earnings for the first quarter of 2012 will be lower than a year ago, principally because of the higher fuel costs and the higher number of dry-dock days. However, we expect to get back to positive earnings growth from the second quarter onward as yield comparisons become more favorable.  For the present time, we plan to maintain our quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share, which represents approximately 37% of our earnings and is in line with our stated guidance of paying a dividend from 30% to 40% of earnings.  Now turning to the first quarter. Fleet-wide capacity for the first quarter is expected to be 4.9% higher than last year, 4.5% for North America brands and 5.6% for EAA brands. At the present time, first quarter occupancies on a fleet-wide basis was slightly higher year-over-year, with constant dollar pricing also higher. There's very little inventory left to sell at this point for the first quarter.  North America brands in the first quarter are 65% in the Caribbean, approximately the same as last year with the balance in various other itineraries. Caribbean pricing is higher than a year ago at slightly higher occupancies as compared to last year. Pricing for all other itineraries is also slightly higher than a year ago at slightly lower occupancies.  For EAA brands, they are 22% in the Caribbean in the first quarter versus 20% last year, 19% in Europe and down from 22% last year and 18% in South America versus 16% last year, so a bit of a shift from Europe to South America, with the balance in all other itineraries. EAA constant dollar pricing in the Caribbean is higher than a year ago on lower occupancies. EAA pricing in Europe is lower year-over-year but with higher occupancies, and EAA South America pricing is nicely higher than a year ago on higher occupancies.  With respect to the first quarter outlook, with a good percentage of our bookings for the first quarter completed, we are forecasting that constant dollar revenue yields for the quarter will increase in 1.5% to 2.5% range compared to last year. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to increase in the 3.5% to 4.5% range in constant dollars, largely due to the higher year-over-year dry-docking days scheduled in the first quarter of 2012.  Fuel costs are significantly higher in the first quarter this year versus last year and are expected to increase by approximately $93 million or $0.12 a share. Incremental costs for the increased number of dry-dock days versus the first quarter of 2011 is approximately $0.06 a share. This is a timing difference in these dry-dock days that will reverse during the remainder of the year as the dry-dock days for the full year 2012 is approximately the same as 2011.  Taking all these factors into consideration, including the higher fuel prices, the company is guiding first quarter non-GAAP diluted earnings to be in the range of $0.06 to $0.10 per share. For an apples-to-apples comparison, if we add back the $0.18 per share for the fuel price increases in dry-dock day, the earning per share would have been $0.24 to $0.28 versus the $0.19 per share in 2011.  Turning to the second quarter now, fleet-wide capacity for the second quarter is up 4.7%, 2.9% for North America brands and 7.6% for EAA brands. At the present time on a fleet-wide basis, constant dollar pricing is slightly higher than a year ago, with occupancies lower than last year. For North American brands, they are 56% in the Caribbean, approximately the same as last year with the balance in various other itineraries. Caribbean pricing is nicely higher than a year ago on approximately the same occupancy levels as last year. Pricing for all other itineraries taken together is higher than a year ago on lower occupancies. For EAA brands, they are 53% in Europe, down from 55% last year, with the balance in various other markets.  EAA brand constant dollar European cruise pricing is slightly higher than a year ago on slightly lower occupancies. EAA brand pricing on all other itineraries taken together is slightly lower than last year, also at lower occupancies. On an overall basis, our estimate is that constant dollar revenue yields will be flattish for the second quarter by the time it closes.  Turning now to the third quarter of 2012. Capacity in that third quarter is expected to increase 4.7%, 3.3% in North America and 7% in EAA. Third quarter booking patterns are still in early development, so I caution you not to read too much into this data. On a fleet-wide basis, third quarter constant dollar pricing is higher than a year ago on lower occupancies.  For North America brands, capacity in the third quarter is 39% in the Caribbean versus 36% last year; 24% in Alaska, slightly higher than a year ago; and 25% in Europe, which is about the same as last year. Pricing for Caribbean, Alaska and Europe itineraries are all higher than a year ago. Occupancies for the Caribbean and Alaska cruises are running at about the same level as last year, with occupancies for Europe cruises lower than last year.  EAA brand capacity is 88% in European itineraries, in line with last year. EAA brand constant dollar pricing for European and all other itineraries is nicely higher than a year ago on lower occupancies.  While the pricing picture for the third quarter is quite good right now, there is a considerable amount of third quarter inventory remaining to be sold. Much of the third quarter revenue picture will depend on the strength of the 2012 wave season.  As I mentioned earlier, we expect that revenue yields for the last 3 quarters of 2012 will benefit from the easier comparisons to the 2011 year. We took a hit as a result of the itinerary disruptions from MENA. All things being equal, that should have produced higher yield improvement in 2012. However, 2012 is proving more challenging than originally thought because of the European sovereign debt crisis and lower consumer confidence in Europe.  So that's our thoughts about how 2012 is currently shaping up. And with that, Tommy, I'll turn it back to you for -- we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Howard, I was wondering if you could just -- you mentioned that you are seeing lower pricing now. And I was just wondering if you could give us some color on that. For example, how much discounting or how much lower are you seeing in terms of pricing of where you were hoping to be? And then also on the first quarter, if you look at it kind of month-by-month, December, January, February, I was wondering if you're seeing any particular patterns there. For example, is pricing or demand strengthening or weakening within the quarter?
Howard S. Frank: I mean, when you look at the pricing picture across the 10 brands, it's really an amalgamation of what's happening in each of their markets, and demand profiles can differ greatly. In fact, in some of the markets, we're doing just fine on pricing. In other markets, we're feeling more -- we're seeing less demand, particularly, I think more so in Europe than in North America, broadly speaking. That's been more of a challenge for us. We have taken a number of pricing actions in those markets, and as I mentioned, where we're seeing the softer pricing. And we're also looking at options for how to move inventory and moving from one market to another and that sort of thing in Europe, which we think will be -- which will have some benefit. But clearly, if you look at southern European markets, it's more of a challenge, less so as we see in the U.K. and Germany. And broadly speaking, U.S., more or less, seems to be holding up well, except I think we're seeing more of a challenge on our European programs this coming summer for our North American brands. And that could be a combination of factors including higher air costs and just some -- all the noise that Americans are hearing about what's going on in Europe. Although you wouldn't think it would affect their vacation decisions, I think the psychology of the consumer today is that there is a greater concern. And the patterns come closer in, but we're holding it. We're holding as much pricing as we can. We think that if we have a decent wave season, we should be just fine.
David Bernstein: I was going to say that keep in mind that at this time last year, we were looking at a very different economic environment overall. And so when we say pricing's down, it's down versus a very strong period at the end of last year on a year-over-year basis.
Micky M. Arison: And things didn't start deteriorating. We're not going to annualize until about mid-February when the Arab Spring started and all this other European stuff started. So right now, year-over-year, we're in comparisons to a very, very strong period last year. And we were -- we and our competitors last fall were very, very optimistic about '11.
Howard S. Frank: On first quarter pricing, Felicia, I mean, we've sold a good part of the first quarter in the fall, and it seems to have shaped up okay. I mean, but we had a lot of that inventory sold, so the last 13 weeks have had less impact on the first quarter, more impact on the second and third quarter. And we're in pretty good shape for the first quarter at this point. I'm not quite sure exactly what you were driving at.
David Bernstein: She was asking about the months. And to be honest, Felicia, with 5,000 voyages, 10 brands and everything else, we look at it quarter-by-quarter and we leave the brands to get into the detail month-by-month.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just Howard, you just touched upon something with Europe, and I think you've kind of answered my next question. But if you look at your major regions, the U.K., Italy, Germany, you said Italy was probably the weakest. But if you could just give us kind of what you're seeing in terms of the behavior from each of those markets, that would be helpful.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, I mean, basically that's it. I mean, I think we're pleasantly surprised by what we're seeing in the U.K. and Germany. Of course, the economy is still holding up well, but given all the austerity measures that have been taken by the U.K. government, our business seems to be holding up quite nicely. But when I talk about southern Europe, which is mostly I'm thinking about Spain and Italy, but to some degree, France, I think that psychology is affecting the consumer, and it's a much more -- especially in Italy, Italians are quite conservative, and they're concerned about -- there's no clear path for them right now. And I think once the austerity measures hopefully are passed by the Italian government, people will understand what they have and what they are going to have to pay and in terms of increased taxes and increased VAT. And I think knowing the reality, I think gets the issue behind them, and we found that to be true in the U.K. So I think if once those issues are dealt with in these countries, I think the consumer confidence will start to come back some.
Micky M. Arison: Can I just add that the countries we're talking about are basically in their off-season period. And first quarter, the wintertime tends to be a slow time for them, anyway. And if the booking pattern is in, it's too early to really see the third quarter kick in. So some of this may be a function of booking pattern.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question, the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. First of all, I'm curious as to why when you devised your 2012 estimates, you used the full year for the trailing 12 months for fuel, but the current FX number. And then secondly, on a related topic, if you could give us your thoughts on the spread between Brent and bunker. It's stubbornly wide. And then recently although the Europe -- although the euro is down around 10%, bunker is down only a fraction of that. So why do you think bunker pricing is resisting the declines that you typically occur when the euro and Brent are lower?
David Bernstein: Well, to just start with, we didn't use the historical rates for our 2012 guidance when it comes to fuel. We used the current spot price. It just so happens that the current spot price for 2012 happens to be very much in line with 2011. That's more of a coincidence. It's not that we used the 2011. As far as Brent and bunker, they're really -- there was a big dislocation in the market that seemed to occur about a year ago, where Brent and bunker seemed to move in different directions. I think they got as wide as about $25 or $30 a barrel difference. There's a lot of issues with WTI and Brent and the correlation between the 2. But if you look at over time, I think what you'll find is that Brent and bunker or our fuel prices had a much better correlation. The correlation used to be in the 70s, in the mid-70s. It did move up into the 90s. It's recently come back to the high 80s, and it has stayed in the high 80s, low 90s for a period of time now, so there's been a pretty good correlation. One of the reasons why we chose to use Brent as part of our a fuel derivative program, the long-term movement between the 70s and the high 80s has a lot to do with refining capacity and all types of things that we've talked about historically in the conference call, so not expecting that the crack spreads or the -- will come down when you compare our fuel price to Brent. As far as your last question, the correlation between the euro and bunker, I mean, we've said historically that there is a -- that these move in opposite directions. That has worked most of the time, but they're not a complete offset to each other. There's many other economic factors affecting these 2 items. I'm sure that all of the dislocation and all of the debt crisis and everything else going on in Europe today is causing the euro to move, and that's much more so than the overall price of bunker. So while they have been a nice natural hedge, it doesn't always work perfectly for us, and they don't move in opposite directions all the time.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just a follow-up question. Have you seen any significant differences in refining capacity for bunker in the last 12 months versus, say, the past 3 years?
David Bernstein: Well, bunker is a residual, and I think one of the reasons just -- not significant differences, but as they get better and better in their refining capacity, there's less and less residual, and that's one of the reasons why the crack spread has moved up. It's what I was referring to before.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. I have 2 questions. One is on the expense side. And I know your net cruise costs x fuel in Q1 is just the timing issue, and the full year looks fine. But Q4, I think your net cruise costs x fuel maybe came in just slightly worse than your guidance originally. So if you could just give a little color on that. And then I also have a question about European bookings, but I'll just ask this extra [ph].
David Bernstein: Sure. Yes, our net cruise costs in the fourth quarter came in a little bit above guidance. It was a few cents above. The timing, as I've always said, by quarter is very, very difficult. I mean, if you went back to the third quarter, we were $0.05 below guidance in terms of cruise costs. It just there's a lot of little items relating to a variety of things. It's very hard to predict on a $9 billion cost base every single dollar we're going to spend and the timing within a month or a quarter. So we missed it by a few cents, but there were a couple other positives that offset that, and we did wind up right on the guidance.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And '12 obviously looks like it's no issue. Then my other question on European bookings. Obviously, there's a lot of concern about the European consumer and -- but since the cost of brand in particular is not really comping against a great year or even a normal year this past year with all the disruption from the Middle East and North Africa and ports in Japan. I guess, I wonder if it would sort of help investors to think about why yields can still be up, if you could quantify. I know you don't normally give yield change by brand, but just kind of a ballpark sense about maybe how much cost yields were down in 2011, just sort of make it clear that it's comping against a challenging year, that you have kind of easier comps than one would think just from looking at the economy.
Howard S. Frank: Robin, not to get involved with yield information with individual brands. Having said that, Costa did feel the biggest hit last year from MENA, given the disruption, enormous disruption to their business. So that has a -- kind of go around and come full circle on it. I think that they're certainly set -- they certainly can anticipate what's going to happen a lot better this year than last year. And I think what they're looking for is they're going to drive a lot more occupancy this year than last year, so they will benefit from occupancy improvement, which will give them yield improvement. But I think it's still early to say exactly. Clearly, we have our estimates, and that's where we base our guidance on. And we feel comfortable that Costa's going to have a good year and especially because they can yield manage through this 2012, barring another breakout of some kind of geopolitical event in their part of the world. But we're pretty comfortable with where they are right now and feel that they're going to have a good year, and they feel they're going to have a good year. They're going in feeling confident right now.
Micky M. Arison: Just to reinforce one thing Howard said is that when you're moving around so many itineraries so late, it just made it very difficult to fill to their normal full occupancy. It was just too late. And although they did recover pretty well considering the circumstances, the reality is that a lot of the improvement for them next year, as Howard said and I just want to reiterate, is occupancy driven, not price driven.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind that when you look at last year, we're lapping the MENA impact. We had said the MENA was a negative impact for the whole company last year of 1.7%. It was probably for -- or EAA brands was probably over double that. And so while they were covering that yield, there is an economic factor which is partially off, making it more difficult, as Howard and Micky indicated. So it's the MENA impact that is -- and lapping that, that's allowing us to show the year-over-year yield increase despite everything else.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you just talk about how you're thinking about cash flow? It seems to me that you've now started to lock in your building program. You've started to lock in your fuel program, and that gives you a lot more opportunity to be more aggressive on buyback or dividend, and you do mention in your commentary that you are generating a lot of cash flow. Can Micky or one of you talk about how the Board is starting to think about the buyback or the dividend? And what are some of the key measures you're looking at? And then I know you gave this about the dry docks, I think David, how much that was impacting you. But can you just repeat again what those dry docks are and if they're one-time and how we should be thinking about that impact to the cost saves? And essentially, what I'm asking is if you didn't have those dry docks, would you be showing an improvement on a cost saving basis in 2012?
Micky M. Arison: Why don't you deal with the dry dock first?
David Bernstein: Yes, I'll deal with the dry docks. Overall, Steve, ships go into dry docks, depending on the ships, once every 3 years, twice every 5 years. So there's a regular schedule for dry docks, and we're always going to have dry docks. On a year-over-year basis, '11 to '12, the total number of dry-dock days were pretty much in line. They went up slightly with capacity overall. So on a year-over-year basis, it's really no issue. It's just the timing. Remember, the brands individually choose to do dry docks in what appears to be the most convenient time for them, usually the lowest profit season. And this year, we just happened to have more dry docks scheduled for the first quarter and less dry docks scheduled for the second and fourth quarter, so it's just the timing within the year and not an issue on an overall basis for the year. And our cruise costs are flat. The dry docks aren't affecting cruise costs for the full year, only the seasonalization of cruise costs between the quarter. As far as the cash flow is concerned, I think the story really hasn't changed from what we've been saying for the last couple of years. We've been talking about the fact that we do expect to have free cash flow. It's our goal to return the free cash flow to shareholders. We've indicated, I think Howard mentioned in his comments, the 30% to 40% payout ratio for regular quarterly dividend. In addition to that, we've constantly been saying we will look at opportunistic share repurchases. And if need be, we can look at an additional annual dividend on top of that. We managed through the quarterly dividend and the opportunistic share repurchases to return all our free cash flow in 2011. And in 2012, we'll take a look at the opportunities as they arise.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the Northern European consumer? You mentioned Spain, there, that made [ph] buying patterns for cruises were soft. But how about the rest of Europe in terms of sourcing?
Howard S. Frank: Well, I did say that Germany was doing well, that U.K. is holding up also quite well, even given the new austerity measures. And I mean, Scandinavia -- I mean, our business in northern Europe tends to be going reasonably well right now. Scandinavia, we don't source a huge amount of passengers from Scandinavia, so I really don't know the answer to that. But we know in the Netherlands, where we do have significant sourcing, that that's going well. That country's economy is okay. And it really seems to be going in the direction where the economies are going in those countries and the consumer confidence in those countries. And that's what -- and we're seeing it in demand patterns as well.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Helpful. And with respect here, the 1% to 2% net yield guidance for 2012, what type of macro or geopolitical outlook are you assuming? Are you assuming kind of the trend stays the same or maybe things get a little worse? What are you kind of -- what's going into your model?
Howard S. Frank: I'm assuming -- look, when we provide these yield outlooks, it's an amalgamation or an aggregation of 10 different markets and different brands, and each one is a little bit different. But I think it's fair to say that we're assuming it's pretty much as is right now. And as our brand managers, revenue managers see their business, in many cases, assumes that pricing will continue to be a challenge in certain of these markets but less so in the stronger markets. So it's really a combination of all those things, including the U.S. market, which seems to be relatively good right now. I mean, all 3 of our U.S. brands seem to be performing well, with the possible exception, as I mentioned earlier, about summer Europe, which is okay from a pricing standpoint at this point but has fallen behind from an occupancy. But we're sustaining it right now, and that could be a function of how the U.S. consumer sees Europe right now with all the noise over there and so on. And we think that's going to -- but we think Europe is going to be fine, actually. We don't have that much increase in capacity, so we should be doing okay in Europe for this summer.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question, the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel, Nicolaus. [Technical Difficulty]
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Howard, you talked about earlier in your remarks the booking window starting to contract. I just want to know if you could kind of compare where we are today relative to where we were back in 2008, 2009 and just kind of what your thought process is in terms of as we move into 2012, if that can get -- if that's going to -- if you guys think that's going to contract any more?
Howard S. Frank: Well, I mean, let me -- I really can't compare it to 2008. I'll let somebody else speak to that issue. But before that, let me comment on the booking window for 2012. We do believe that while the booking window has come in, it's not a huge amount but it has come in, which always makes it more of a challenge when you're sitting in a revenue management seat in terms of how to price your cruises and how firm you want to be on your pricing, knowing the business does come in late. But at the end of the day, we fill up. We'll fill up with the same kind of occupancy levels as last year. Actually, this year, we're going to probably be up at least a point or more from an occupancy standpoint. What we need to manage through that process, given the closer end booking window, and each of the revenue management teams in different brands do it slightly different. They don't use the same revenue management approach. And so it will depend on how they see the world. But as long as bookings are sustainable at the levels that we're talking about today, we should be just fine. Because as I said, bookings for the last 13 weeks, actually, there's been some ebb and flows, but they've been okay. I mean, we've been able to move pricing slightly downward, and the bookings have picked up. And in the last 6 weeks, it's even been stronger. Don't ask me why, by the way. You never really know, but bookings have been stronger. And if that sustains itself, the booking window will extend out. That's what we look to try to do, and then we can revenue management pricing a little bit better.
David Bernstein: In comparison to our booking window today and compared to last year and the year before, over the last 2 years, we have indicated a number of times on just about every conference call that we were slightly behind in terms of bookings because the booking window has moved in a little bit. But we are being patient because we do believe that people will book. We consistently, as Howard said, do fill up and get the pricing. We could always move the booking window further out, but there's a cost to that in pricing, so we'd rather be patient. And it seems to be working well for us over the last couple of years. In terms of 2008, 2008, if you go back, that was the year that was really an aberration. If you -- we had looked back from '03 through 2011, and the one year that really stuck out was 2008. I think on the March '08 conference call, we had said that the booking window was historically as far out as we had ever seen it, and our customer deposits were as high as they had ever been at that point in time. So '08's an aberration, but in the last couple of years, it has moved in a little bit.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, got you. And then for Howard, I guess this is kind of a hearsay type question, not sure if you're even going to be able to answer it. But if you guys didn't lower pricing over the last 12 to 6 weeks or 2 months, do you still think volumes would be ahead of where they were versus last year?
Howard S. Frank: Well, I think the reason that we lowered the pricing was to pick up the volumes. Had we not lowered the prices, would we have had the higher volumes? Steve, I'm not in a position to answer you. And really, it is a market-by-market decision, and each of the brands make it, and I think they felt they had to do it. So my guess is if they were to answer the question, they would say, "No, we don't think we would have had these volumes." Now whether they're right or not, I don't know. But I certainly don't know the answer to that question. I assume that they reduced prices in order to pick up the volumes. And if they're able to do that for a sustainable period of time, they feel they can start to move the pricing back up a little bit, which is the purpose of moving the pricing down to try to get back to where you want to be from a demand standpoint. And then you gradually tweak the pricing up, and that's what a lot of the brands will actually do.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question, the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Back to the impact that you're going to have on MENA this year. David or Howard, I think you alluded to in a prior question that basically, absent the 1.7% impact on yields from MENA, you would anticipate the net yield guidance being down on a constant dollar basis. Any additional color you can give there, order of magnitude that you're looking for in the overall rebound? I guess another way to phrase the question is, that 1.7%, if your overall pricing, say, was down $100, do you expect to recover a certain percentage of that this year from the MENA impact?
David Bernstein: Yes, it's so hard to say, Tim, because there are so many factors that are out there -- MENA, itinerary changes, economic situations -- that to get more definitive and to quantify it to that level would be very difficult. It would just be guesswork. What I was just trying to say in response to the question, our yield projection being up and giving people some comfort that the up yield was a reasonable estimate was trying to compare it to the MENA impact last year.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. So again, I mean, it's fair to say that yields x the MENA recovery would be down as far as your projections for '12?
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, the midpoint of our guidance, if you take the midpoint of 1.5% and you subtract 1.7%, I guess that's down 0.2%.
Micky M. Arison: As David said, as you got into the second half of '11, part of the MENA impact had to be the economic issues in Europe as well, and those 2 things clouded each other, and it's very hard to kind of pinpoint to the 1/10 of 1% what we're dealing with. I mean, if we just -- all we can say is that right now, we're comparing to a period where we didn't have economic turmoil, we didn't have -- and we're comparing that booking pattern to our booking pattern now. And until we annualize, it's difficult to kind of come up with these numbers, but I think we've taken our best shot at it.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, very fair, Micky. And maybe the second question, Micky, maybe more for you or whoever wants to take it. Any commentary that you can talk about on your market shares, gains relative to the tour operators and especially given the commentary coming out of struggles out of certain tour operators, in particular Thomas Cook? And then just the broad commentary that's come out of both Thomas Cook and TUI about their perspective business. How are your market shares relative to the major tour operators or other alternatives?
Micky M. Arison: Obviously, our market share -- the package holiday business in Europe in general is shrinking, while the cruise business is growing. So obviously, we're effectively taking share, but our share is so small in numbers compared to the overall package holiday business in Europe, it's unrecognizable. I would remind you that while these guys are tour operators, they're also very, very powerful retail travel agents. And Thomas Cook is a very, very good distributor for us, and we're working very closely with Thomas Cook to make sure that our distribution with them continues to be effective. And I must say that while their business is down, they're recovering, and we're very hopeful that they'll get out of this fine.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question from the line of Ian Rennardson from Jefferies International.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two or 3 questions here. Number one, the capacity numbers you gave, Howard, does that include -- I think I read today you've sold the Pacific Sun from the middle of next year. Are those capacity increases before or after that? The second question is regarding the dividend. Now last year or this year, 2011, you made the decision on the quarterly dividend in February, I think at a board meeting. Is that the case for the next dividend decision or was that already made into 2012?
Howard S. Frank: I thought you said you have 2 questions, Ian, or 3 questions?
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That was 2 questions, sorry. Can't count.
Howard S. Frank: The capacity is after taking out the Pacific Sun midway through the year in Australia. And as to the dividend, I think what I said is that right now, the plan is to pay the $0.25 quarterly dividend. That doesn't mean that we couldn't take a decision later on in the year. It could be February, it could be maybe later on the year, depending on how the year unfolds, that we would take another look at the standard dividend or look at alternative share buybacks or a special dividend at the end of the year. We're just looking at different alternatives, so we're keeping our options open and it's ultimately a Board decision.
Micky M. Arison: Generally, I think last year, we did it after the January board -- quarterly board meeting. And we review it with the Board every quarter and it is totally a Board decision. I would want to make one comment. When we made our last new building announcement, we tried to make it clear that, that new building announcement shouldn't be considered totally incremental capacity because we were working to move out capacity. And since we made that announcement, we've sold 2 ships, the Costa Marina and the Pacific Sun. And that continues to be our strategy. While we're building 2 or 3 ships a year, we do intend to move some ships out over time.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And just as a follow-up on the disposal of the Pacific Sun, we know what your accounting treatment of these is regarding depreciation residual values. Well, how did the value of what you got for the ship equate to your accounting treatment?
Micky M. Arison: We took a very small charge in the...
David Bernstein: Net, it was like $0.01 a share, a very small...
Micky M. Arison: We took that in the third quarter because we already had a handshake for that sale then. It was only finalized the day we announced it.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question from the line of Jamie Rollo from Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just to ask a question. Just on your yield guidance, which is pretty tight under the sort of high uncertain circumstances, you say. You also said a lot depends on the wave season. I'm wondering what sort of wave you're factoring in. Are you assuming no further price weakness from here like we've seen in the last 12 weeks? Or are you factoring in some further weakness into the lower end of your yield guidance?
Howard S. Frank: I mean, Jamie, it's hard to answer that question because as I say, it's a composite number. So in certain markets, where we're sustaining pricing and our volumes are good, we continue to probably believe that we'll be able to do that. In other markets, where we're experiencing some lower pricing and we're probably using -- I think the view is that, that's going to be factored into how the yield will be for that particular market. And we add all of them all up at the end of the day, and we come up with the overall guidance, which is the 1% to 2%. And I think as I indicated to you earlier in my comments that I'm comfortable with that guidance right now. That doesn't mean that if there's an extraordinary event that occurs, the dissolution of the European currency, something else could affect it. But right now, factoring in all of the events we see, we think that's a pretty good range to be in right now and we're pretty comfortable with it.
Micky M. Arison: I would just say anecdotally, not referencing our guidance, but for us to be having the kind of volumes we're having at what is historically the slowest time of the year, would be a nice indicator that we should expect a good wave. And I personally would expect that we'd have a pretty good wave.
David Bernstein: There's also probably a dividing line, as Micky indicated, in February, with the whole MENA impact, where perhaps before that line, we may be running behind last year in terms of prices. But once you get post that line and the comparisons get much easier, we'll be running well ahead in terms of pricing overall.
Howard S. Frank: Not just pricing but also just in occupancy as well.
David Bernstein: In occupancy as well.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. And occupancy is driving a lot of that, Jamie, as we indicated. Probably, certainly more than 50% of the yield improvement we're talking about at the midpoint, will be occupancy driven.
Micky M. Arison: At the time [indiscernible] started, some of our brands were experiencing negative bookings. I mean, they were getting more cancellations than they were bookings for a period of time.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I can just sort of follow on from that then. You mentioned lower pricing over the last 12 weeks. Could you just sort of quantify what sort of yield reductions you've seen just in the last 12 weeks just so we can get a feeling for the trajectory? I mean, obviously, you said your 2012 yield guidance is a product of better pricing over the summer but weaker pricing in the last 12 weeks. But what's the delta been, please?
David Bernstein: It's not that readily available at our fingertips.
Micky M. Arison: Understand, Jamie, we're talking weaker versus last year versus what it was weaker versus last year, 3 months ago. So it's all relative to last year where we didn't have an economic situation. We didn't have a MENA situation yet. So again, the comparisons, remember was we were in a very optimistic booking trend this time last year. And you can remember some of the statements that were being made by us and competitors in the fall of last year, which were very optimistic. And that's what we're comparing to.
Howard S. Frank: I would say this just to kind of try to help you in some way, Jamie, is that where we've seen -- the overall pricing weakness that we've seen in bookings is not significant. However, it is weaker and it's a little bit more weaker in the Europe -- for the European brands than it is for the American brands, which is fully understandable from our standpoint. We understand what's going on, especially southern European markets.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And one really quick one on the fuel protection strategy. What's sort of the long-term targets? I presume it's not going to be 10% for the options. Is there a soft figure you have in mind?
David Bernstein: No, we haven't decided on a specific target. We will, over time, continue to layer in more protection, but we'll be opportunistic and we'll make those decisions as we go along.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question from the line of Kevin Milota with JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but just one surrounding the consumer. I was wondering if you've seen any differentiation between some of your higher-end brands and more of your contemporary segmented brands. And speaking to, are your higher price pointed rooms getting taken out, and you still have a tremendous amount of lower price capacity, that would be great.
Howard S. Frank: That last part is tough to note because it will vary -- it could vary significantly by brand. I'll say this, Kevin, though that there's not a huge difference between our premium and contemporary brands in terms of their patterns right now nor for that matter. As we look at the business in certain parts -- certain of our markets, I think part of the reasons we're holding price and bookings have been strong in certain markets is because some of the premium products here in the U.S. and to some degree in Europe and our market segment, which is towards the retired people or wealthier people, is holding up fine. We have seen that well. So that has held up nicely for us. And I think that's -- so even in the U.K. where there's a huge -- a number of austerity programs being implemented, it seems to affect less the consumer who is retired and they feel more comfortable with their holdings and their retirement plans and so on. So we're getting good business out of the U.K. And in terms of our U.S. premium brands, they're doing quite nicely, yes. With the one exception, I would say, is that what I mentioned before again, is the summer Europe is still falling behind, but we have taken pricing down.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question, the line of Assia Georgieva from Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: I had one question, Howard. You mentioned that for Q2, pricing is flat, and again as Micky and David pointed out, we still need to get to that mid-February, late February time point to start annualizing. Hypothetical scenario, where today's pricing stayed flat through the end of Q2, the actual dollar amount, do you think you would be able to show yield improvement?
Howard S. Frank: Well look, this is what I said. I think it's 2 things. One is that Q2 pricing is now slightly ahead year-over-year. And I think what I also went on to say is that we expect that by the end of the close of the second quarter, it should be flattish. And when I say flattish, it could be slightly up, it may be slightly down but within a smaller range.
Assia Georgieva: And secondly, are you more cautious because of cost of new itineraries with which I imagine they don't have as much historical experience and therefore, there's more risk in terms of yield managing?
Howard S. Frank: Now the response to the Costa itineraries from the market has been actually quite good, so we don't see any issues right now with Costa's itinerary. They feel very good -- they've got some new itineraries that they've put in there this year and they're booking well, so they're very pleased with that.
Beth Roberts: I think the major change in Costa's deployment is to offer [indiscernible] that are shorter duration, which helps to bring the price point down to a local market, and it's attractive in this kind of economic environment.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. But it's also later booking. The shorter the cruise, the later the booking.
Assia Georgieva: Sure. But could that also be more helpful to onboards as shorter voyages tend to have better onboard?
David Bernstein: Absolutely.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, absolutely.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question, the line of David Leibowitz from Horizon Kinetics.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc.: Briefly, what is the cost of putting on the fuel derivative program?
David Bernstein: We did 0 cost collars, there's no cost.
Micky M. Arison: A couple of accounts.
David Bernstein: Yes.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc.: And going to the -- from the ridiculous to the sublime, if the euro zone breaks apart and the euro ceases to be a currency, what happens to your euro-denominated debt? Does that go through the German mark or wherever you booked it?
Micky M. Arison: I assume that if that happened, that there would be some sort of conversion pricing that would take effect, and it would be converted at that conversion pricing. But you're asking a real hypothetical question.
Howard S. Frank: David, I've read about 5 different articles on that possibility, and they had 5 different answers. So I don't think anybody knows nor do the Europeans want to think about it because it's going to be -- to have such a staggering impact on their economies if this does happen. So my guess is it's very unlikely to happen except that every once in a while, you pick up the Wall Street Journal or the Financial Times and somebody -- Mario Draghi makes some comment that it's kind of scary. But apart from that, I think it's unlikely to happen. I think the intent is ultimately to save the euro, really.
Operator: And Mr. Frank, we do have one more question in the queue. And our last question for today is from the line of Janet Brashear from Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I was just curious about a comment you made earlier about your flexibility to position ships within Europe. How flexible are you sort of in the year for the year if you find some markets are working better than others, given the positioning of each brand towards specific populations?
Micky M. Arison: I'm not sure what you're referring to, but obviously, we showed it last year by moving 300 itineraries with 30-days notice, so we can do it. There is clearly a negative repercussion in cost to it because you wind up losing a lot of the people you have booked and you have to rebook them, and that tends to force you to lower prices. So that's a last resort when the situation is really dire, so it's not something we want -- we would want to do at the last minute. It's something that we clearly can do year-over-year at adjusting to booking patterns and customer taste, and that's what Costa did and a number of our brands did. We tweaked the itineraries, increased capacity a little bit in Alaska, increased capacity a little bit in northern Europe, held capacity in the Mediterranean. So we tweak this from year-to-year, but close in, only in a dramatic situation would we move like that.
Operator: And Mr. Frank, we have no further questions on the phone line. I'll now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, thank you, all. We all here wish you a happy holidays and a happy and healthy new year, and hope to see you in the new year. All the best to everybody. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good day, everyone.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-09-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Carnival Plc and Senior Vice President of Carnival Plc Micky M. Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc. Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard Lyall Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division Jeffrey Hans
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by. And welcome to the Carnival Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is recorded on Tuesday, September 20, 2011. It's now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer at Carnival Corp. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, Pam, and good morning, everyone or good afternoon, depending on where you are. This is Howard Frank. I'm here with Micky Arison, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; David Bernstein, our Senior VP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our VP of Investor Relations. I will -- I'm going to turn the first part of the commentary over to David Bernstein, who'll provide you color on the third quarter and our cost outlook for the fourth quarter. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that as some of our remarks in this conference call will be forward-looking, I will refer to you the cautionary statement in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currency unless otherwise noted, as this is a much better indicator of business trends. Our EPS for the third quarter was $1.69. The third quarter came in $0.07 above the midpoint of our June guidance. The $0.07-per-share improvement was driven by both net revenue yield and cost, as each were $0.05 better than expected. The total operational improvement of $0.10 was partially offset by a $0.02 charge related to the sale of Costa Marina, which leaves the fleet in November 2011, and $0.01 from fuel prices and currency exchange rates combined. The $0.05 net revenue yield improvement resulted from better-than-expected last-minute pricing. In our June guidance, we slightly overestimated the negative impact from the conflict in the Middle East and North Africa, commonly referred to as MENA, on our strong summer booking season. However, we believe we slightly underestimated the impact of MENA on the seasonally weaker fourth quarter. So only $0.02 of the $0.05 improvement in net revenue yields for the third quarter flows through to the full year September guidance. In total, for the back half of the year, yields are expected to be slightly better than our June guidance. On the cost side, a portion of the $0.05 improvement from June guidance was due to timing, so only $0.03 of the $0.05 improvement in costs for the third quarter flows through to the full year September guidance. Now let's take a look at our third quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 5%, with the majority of the increase coming from our European, Australian and Asian brands, or as we call them, our EAA brands. Our EAA brands grew 7%, while our North American brands grew 3%. Our net revenue yields increased almost 3% in the third quarter, with similar increases in both net ticket and net onboard and other yields. With respect to net ticket yield, the North American brands were up almost 6% despite the negative impact from MENA on European itineraries. The improvement was driven by higher yield in Alaska, Caribbean and Mexican Riviera itineraries. Our EAA brands, which are primarily cruising in Europe during the third quarter, were down 2%. The yield decline was primarily driven by the impact of MENA on these itineraries. In net onboard and other yields, we experienced over a 2% increase. The increase was also driven by our North American brands, as our EAA brands were impacted from MENA itinerary changes that resulted in lower shore excursion revenues and slightly lower spending in other areas. On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding the Costa Marina charge and fuel per available lower berth day, were up 2% versus the prior year. We continue to see inflationary pressures in food cost, freight, crew travel and other hotel costs that were anticipated and discussed on the last 2 conference calls. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption per available lower berth day declined 4% this quarter, continuing our multiyear savings trend. In total, this represents a 13% savings from 2007. Fuel prices this quarter were 45% higher than last year, which cost us $0.23 per share. Partially offsetting the increase in fuel price was the weaker dollar, which had a favorable impact of $0.10 per share. In summary, the third quarter EPS improved over 4% to $1.69 per share. Before turning to our 2011 outlook, I want to update you on our current stock repurchase program. As we previously indicated, stock buybacks could be used opportunistically to efficiently return cash to shareholders. In mid-August, we restarted our stock buyback program. Since then, we repurchased 14.5 million shares at an average price of $31 for a total of $445 million. At the present time, we have $343 million remaining on the existing general stock repurchase authorization program. It should be noted that on a combined basis, the recent share repurchases and our 2011 full year paid dividend represents 135% of forecasted free cash flow for the year. Now turning to the 2011 outlook for the full year. I'll skip net revenue yields as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, for the full year net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are forecasted to be up 1%, which is the same as our June guidance, excluding the charge relating to the Costa Marina. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David. My comments this morning will focus on our revenue yield outlook for the first half of 2012, since the fourth quarter of 2011 revenue picture is largely baked right now. Later in my report, I will separately comment on fourth quarter revenue yields. For the first half of 2012, fleet-wide capacity will increase approximately 4.6%. Pricing per bookings taken to date for the first and second quarter are nicely higher than a year ago, with occupancy flat in the first quarter and lower in the second quarter versus the same quarters in 2011. For the first half of 2012, North American brand pricing increases were stronger than EAA pricing, but both markets show nicely higher pricing at this time. On a fleet-wide basis, our bookings taken during the last 13 weeks for the first half of 2012 are higher year-over-year at higher pricing. Booking volumes and pricing are higher for both North America and EAA brands. While pricing during the earlier part of the 13-week period had been strong, in more recent weeks we have seen a modest falloff in bookings and pricing. This began in August, largely as a result of the debt ceiling political circus in Washington and the related meltdown in the U.S. equity markets during the month. In Europe, the sovereign debt issues and the related concerns about the strength of the European banks contributed to the slowdown in EAA brand bookings. These issues, together with related declines in consumer confidence in the various markets in which we operate, seem to have contributed to the softened booking activity during this August and early September period. Although fleet-wide bookings during the last 6-week period covering the next 3 quarters were not as strong as earlier in the quarter, on an absolute basis, volumes for the 6-week period were higher year-over-year with pricing on these bookings slightly lower than a year ago. So even during this difficult August and September period, bookings have held up quite well, which is a testament to the resiliency of our cruise business, in that even in a weak economic environment, the consumer will continue to book their vacations, especially the value-based cruise vacations. Given the high percentage of business already booked in quarter one of 2012, it does appear that first quarter 2012 yields will be higher than a year ago. I will provide more specific information on our booked business by quarter later in my comments. For the full year, we are now guiding earnings to a range of $2.40 to $2.44 a share, or a midpoint of $2.42. This is a slight change from previous guidance and results from currency and fuel working against us by approximately $0.06 a share, a loss on the sale of a ship, about $0.02 a share that David referred to. This $0.08, combining the $0.06 and the $0.02 to get the $0.08 earnings per share negative impact, is offset by improved revenue pricing of a couple of pennies a share and reduced costs of $0.03 a share. 2012, we have 3 ships scheduled for delivery: the Costa Fascinosa in April; the AIDAmar in May and the Carnival Breeze in May. Fleet-wide capacity is expected to increase by 4.5% in 2012, 3.5% for North America brands and 6% for EAA brands. By quarter, Q1 2012 capacity is up 4.9%; second quarter of 2012 is up 4.2%; third and fourth quarter of 2012 are up each by 4.4%. Now some color on each of the next 3 quarters. Turning to this fourth quarter that we're in right now, the fourth quarter of 2011, on a fleet-wide basis capacity is up 5.8%, 3.2% for our North America brands and 10.10% for EAA brands. Local currency pricing on a fleet-wide basis for the fourth quarter is higher year-over-year, with occupancies at a slightly lower level than last year. The North America brands, we have very little inventory left to sell at this point, but for EAA brands, we still have some amount of inventory left to sell. This is primarily related to Mediterranean cruise itineraries, which -- many of which had to be changed over the summer as a result of the problems in the Middle East and North Africa, as we've told you in the past. North American brands are 42% in the Caribbean in the fourth quarter, down from 50% last year; 14% in Europe versus 9% last year; and 10% in the Orient Pacific area, about the same as last year. The balance is in various other itineraries. North American brand occupancies in the fourth quarter are at approximately the same levels as last year. North American brand pricing is nicely higher than a year ago, and booking volumes for North America brands in the fourth quarter continues to be solid at higher year-over-year prices. By the time the fourth quarter closes, we expect North American brand pricing to be nicely higher. EAA brands are 71% in Europe versus 64% last year, with the balance in various other itineraries. EAA occupancies are lower than a year ago, primarily attributable to the changed itineraries for our Med cruises. Although occupancies for Med cruises have caught up significantly, they are still behind last year. Pricing for EAA brands itineraries is behind last year, primarily attributable to the late booking of the Med cruises. By the time the quarter ends, we expect local currency EAA pricing to be lower than a year ago. On a fleet-wide basis for the fourth quarter, we are forecasting higher local currency revenue yields in the 1% to 2% range, driven by the stronger pricing for the North American brands, offset by the lower pricing for the EAA brands. Now turning to first quarter of 2012. As I indicated, capacity is 4.9% higher than last year, 4.5% for North America brands, 5.7% for EAA brands. At the present time, fourth -- first quarter occupancies on a fleet-wide basis are approximately flat year-over-year, with pricing nicely higher. North American brands in the first quarter are 66% in the Caribbean, approximately the same as last year, with the balance in various other itineraries. The Caribbean pricing is nicely higher than a year ago on approximately the same occupancies as last year. Pricing for all other itineraries taken together in the first quarter is also higher than a year ago, also on approximately the same occupancies. EAA brands are 22% in the Caribbean versus 20% a year ago; 19% in Europe, down from 33% last year; 18% in South America, up slightly from 16% last year; with the balance in other itineraries. For all EAA itineraries taken together, local currency pricing is higher than a year ago at approximately the same year-over-year occupancies. With a good percentage of our bookings for the first quarter done, as I previously mentioned, we are forecasting that revenue yield for the quarter will be higher than a year ago. Now turning to the second quarter of 2012. Fleet-wide capacity is up 4.2%, 2.9% for North America brands and 6.3% for EAA brands. At the present time, on a fleet-wide basis, local currency pricing is nicely higher than a year ago, with occupancies running behind last year. While the second quarter booking picture is encouraging from a pricing standpoint, it's still early in the booking cycle, so I caution not to read too much into the second quarter booking picture at this time. North American brands are 56% in the Caribbean, approximately the same levels as last year, with the balance in various other itineraries. Caribbean pricing is nicely higher than a year ago at slightly lower occupancies. All other itineraries taken together are also nicely higher than a year ago, also at lower occupancies. EAA brands are 53% in Europe, down from 55% last year, with the balance in various other markets. EAA brand pricing for European cruises is higher than last year on slightly lower occupancies. Pricing for all other EAA brand itineraries taken together is also higher than a year ago at lower occupancies. Although occupancies in the second quarter are lower than a year ago, they are not significantly behind. And talking to our brand executives, there is a general view that because of the continuing stream of negative economic news and the related decline -- and more recently the related decline in consumer confidence, consumers are delaying their decisions to take their cruise vacations, with the result that the booking curve for 2012 has come closer in. So that's sort of the status of the second quarter, where we're seeing the closer in booking curve taking effect. And with that, I will -- Pam, I will turn it back to you, and we'll start to take some questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Sir, our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So, Howard, you have given us some good color as usual, and you've also given us some caution on just the recent booking picture, given everything that's going on in the world, starting in August. A few things. One is, do you have -- what is your confidence that your outlook for the first quarter remains stable? I know that you said it's largely booked, but those last-minute bookings always kind of affect things. And then for the second quarter, do you -- what is your optimism that you can end with pricing and occupancy up?
Howard S. Frank: On the first quarter, I think -- and I think we saw this in the fourth -- on the third quarter of 2011, our late bookings seem to be holding up quite well versus year-ago pricing, so I think we feel fairly confident on where we stand on Q1. Where it exactly comes in from a yield improvement standpoint, it's -- I don't think we want to venture right now. But we are nicely ahead right now from a pricing standpoint. So even with a little bit of a downdraft, we should be just fine in the first quarter. I think less so confidence in the second quarter simply because we just -- we don't have as large a percentage of our business booked in the second quarter as we have in the first quarter, naturally. And we have seen, started to see some evidence of the booking curve coming in. I think consumers are delaying their vacation decisions. It seems clear, any major spend decisions, because of lower consumer confidence, seems to be people are pulling back on it. But at the end of the day and talking to our brand managers, they seem to be pretty confident that the business will be there at the end of the day, and so I think they're more confidence in holding price.
Micky M. Arison: Felicia, one of the things you have to keep in mind is that when we talk year-over-year, this time last year bookings were very, very strong. We didn't feel the impact of MENA and all that stuff until starting in January, first quarter of last year. So the fact that we're okay versus last year's pattern now, if we don't have a repeat of the MENA situation or similar or a tsunami in Japan and all that other stuff, then the comparisons should get easier as we get into the second quarter. So our level of confidence, all things being equal, if there isn't another major geopolitical event should be pretty good.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, okay. And then, Howard, can you just tell us -- you've talked -- you said a few times that the booking curve has come in. Can you just quantify that? And then I'm wondering if someone could just tell us how the company is deployed in the Med for this summer '12 season.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. No, I mean it's come in only a small amount so far. Remember, when I talk about booking curve, I'm talking about 9 different brands, so -- and when I give you that data, I'm looking at 9 different brands and their booking curves. Some are better than others but we start to see some evidence, especially to some degree in the U.S. markets, a little bit in the European markets and the U.K. markets.
Micky M. Arison: It's hard to tell because of the MENA impact, but it appeared to have started to move in a little bit in the spring, so it's not recent. It's not the last 6 weeks. I mean, it started to move in after the MENA impact. And of course, when you got that many itineraries moving, it becomes really hard to see what's exactly happening. But it's moved a little bit in and it seems to have started sometime in the spring.
David Bernstein: As to your second question, I don't have the Med broken out from Europe, but I do have Europe and the Med combined. It's about 49%, 50% for 2012. It was very virtually the same in total for 2011; it was 49%.
Beth Roberts: Full year '12 Med is 19%. Europe...
David Bernstein: No, she said summer third quarter.
Beth Roberts: For '12?
David Bernstein: Yes.
Beth Roberts: It's 25% for the Med and 26% for Europe without the Med.
Micky M. Arison: I would say that we have modified, especially Costa which was most impacted by the MENA impact and Ibero, and to some degree, AIDA. They've already -- particularly Costa, have already modified a lot of itineraries to mitigate any possible future problems next year. That's not to say that we don't have any of those countries on our itineraries. We do have some, but we've scaled back quite a bit and have less -- quite a bit less than we had this time last year.
Howard S. Frank: And I think it's important to keep in mind that we know what we're confronting, going into our European itineraries in the Med this coming year, at this point in time. So what -- I think our ability to react quicker now rather than as we reacted later in the spring of last year will give us the ability to mitigate the effects, if there are any effects this year.
Micky M. Arison: If we do have to react, we'd have to react with a lot fewer itineraries impacted.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Steve Kent from Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two questions. First, and maybe Micky could handle this one. On the free cash flow story, it looks to me like you're going to generate about $2 billion in free cash flow next year. You've kept supply in check. So could you talk about how the board is thinking about a dividend increase? And the reason why I think it's so important at this point is that it would signal both that you're returning cash to shareholders in a very efficient way besides the share buyback, and that you're going to keep your supply growth in check. And then second, Howard, can you just define for me, just because I haven't heard it in a while, what "nicely" really means? Has that definition changed over time? So is now "nicely" up 1% to 2% versus a few years ago, where it was up 3% to 4%? If you could just give us a general sense of what "nicely" means, that might be helpful.
Howard S. Frank: Maybe Micky answer "nicely" too.
Micky M. Arison: I don't use "nicely."
David Bernstein: You guys can decide that. Steve, I'll go through your question on the cash flow and the dividends. Essentially, we have been very open about our dividend policy. We've talked about a 30% to 40% payout on the regular quarterly dividend. Right now, we're at $1 a share. I mean, you can do the math and you can see where the numbers are. We are committed to the 2 to 3 ships a year, and we are -- the board is -- we've talked to the board, and we are committed to returning all of the excess, all the free cash flow over and above the CapEx, to shareholders. As you can see, this year, we returned 135% already with the stock repurchases. So I think the commitment for the reduced capacity is there. We've talked about the 2 to 3 ships, and there's not -- for '12 and '13, those numbers are locked in, and you know what's on order for the future years at this point.
Howard S. Frank: Okay, Steve, I'm going to try "nicely" on you. The way I -- when I look at the numbers, to me, when we talk about "flattish," I usually mean flat between plus or minus 1%. When I say "up," it means better than 1%. But I mean not just 1.2% though. And when I say "nicely up," it means well north of just being up. So without quantifying it for you -- I'm getting a lot of applause here. They've all asked me the same question...
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I think you are on the conference call too.
Howard S. Frank: But it is -- it means it's a stronger pricing improvement than you would -- than just than saying that it's just up. I hope that clarifies it for you, Steve....
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So Howard, if you ever say like, holy -- I'm sorry, if you ever say like, "Holy cow, things are really good," is that like up 10%? I mean...
Howard S. Frank: That's not my answer [indiscernible]...
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That was helpful and, David, I appreciate your answer.
Micky M. Arison: By the way, I'd reiterate David's answer. You asked me the question, but I would -- the key underlying item in that question, I think was, will we maintain discipline on the newbuilding side? And the answer to that is yes, we will.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I've got 2 questions. One is, I just wanted to circle back to the idea of the ports that you'd be revisiting in 2012 in the Middle East and North Africa. I don't know if you quantified -- this past year, it was originally, I think, 7% to 8% of your itineraries. But for 2012 at this point, what percent of your itineraries would be touching those -- any of those ports again?
Howard S. Frank: Why don't we do this? Why don't we -- we'll see if we can pull that together for you because I don't think -- they have it, but they don't have it in their books for the moment.
David Bernstein: It was about -- it was 9.5% of this year's itineraries were impacted. And I believe, if I remember correctly, we did analysis. We reduced our exposure by about 12%. So there was a reduction in the number of itineraries that went to the affected regions. Costa replaced some of -- replaced Tunisia with some islands off the coast of Italy. They took ships out of Egypt and went to the Greek Isles and the Holy Land. So there were a number of changes that resulted in that 12% reduction.
Micky M. Arison: I could say Costa basically reworked their entire 2012 Med program and rereleased their program a couple of weeks ago. So it's not that easy to say, because rather than have itineraries overlapping, they kind of took a "fresh piece of paper" approach and have a lot of new programs that they're feeling very, very excited about. When in reality, when they have to react last-minute, they really couldn't -- they couldn't look at it in the same way. So I think they've taken a fresh approach. They've basically done the kind of itineraries that their nationality of passenger will really enjoy. And those nationalities were most impacted, Italian, French, Spanish, by the MENA issues. So I don't think we can quantify at this point. Maybe Beth?
Beth Roberts: It looks like last -- the total impact that we had in 2011 in the Middle East and North African region was roughly 10% and is expected to be 8.5% in 2012.
Howard S. Frank: But the 8.5% will be in -- at ports of call that were not as challenged, let's say, as they were last year, like Egypt and Tunisia.
Beth Roberts: Yes, Costa traded Egypt for the Greek Isles and the Holy Land cruises. They traded Tunisia for islands off the coast of Italy. In total, their Med deployment is flat. So it's left trips to Egypt or touching Tunisia. And the incremental capacity was deployed away from the Med to the winter Caribbean, South America, Northern Europe, the Far East and Asia, so they dispersed it everywhere else outside the Med.
Howard S. Frank: Now, they're still going down to Dubai and selling out of -- in places like that, those cruises are doing okay.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, they still have cruises out of Dubai and Sharm el-Sheikh, but less capacity. They've cut their capacity.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. Now that's helpful. And then the second question is, can you just remind us for your ships, what are sort of outstanding, just kind of which have financing in place and which would still be in the process in terms of anything that was guaranteed export credit facilities in the contracts, just in light of a lot of changes going on with European banks, just kind of...
David Bernstein: Sure, yes. We've got 10 ships on order. The only one that does not have financing associated with it is the Costa Favolosa for 2012 -- Fascinosa, sorry, for 2012. The other 9, 7 are already signed and done, and we're working on the last 2. So we will have export credits for the other 9. We just haven't finished the last 2 with the AIDA ships that we ordered in Germany.
Beth Roberts: But the contracts were subject to financing.
David Bernstein: Yes.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And so -- and I'm sorry, you said for the Fascinosa for next year, that the financing is done for that.
David Bernstein: No. No. That's the only ship.
Micky M. Arison: It's the 1 out of 9 that we didn't lock in export credit. It's complicated, but export credit for an Italian shipyard, for Italian flagship is not -- it's complicated. So we passed on that one because it's not an export.
Howard S. Frank: Not an export.
Micky M. Arison: You can't get an export credit if you're not exporting.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit about discounting for 2012. Some travel agents have said that they feel that the discounting for all of 2012 feels stronger than they might have expected. As you look at your pricing, I know you said earlier that the brand managers are trying to hold price, believing that consumer confidence may still rebound. Are you feeling like the discounting environment is normal for this time as pre-bookings for 2012?
Howard S. Frank: I think if -- there are a lot of sales going on and programs going on. Most of that, Janet, would be for more closer in business as opposed -- and some of it is not dissimilar to what we've done in prior years. So when the travel agents see it, I'm not sure they see it in the same way we see it in terms of our yield management systems and what we need to do to get it done. In many cases, we do go out with different kinds of programs, but -- and they may -- we may do them in a little bit different way than we've done in past years. So they don't have the ability to really understand from the apples-to-apples comparisons that we work with in terms of our pricing. But yes, it is out there. It is out there, sure. It's always out there, though.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. A quick question too. You had talked about a fuel cost protection program. I won't say hedging because I think you were doing something different which was just protecting at the extreme cost swing level. Is that progressing?
David Bernstein: Yes. We're working on -- off of the administrative back office that we put in place, in the systems, controls and procedures. But we haven't started doing anything yet, and that's at some point in the near future and when we start, we'll let everybody know.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis from Nomura Securities.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. The first is you've mentioned that in 2011, you'll be returning about 145% of your expected free cash flow to shareholders. To what degree would you be willing to use your balance sheet over a longer-term period to repurchase stock?
Howard S. Frank: I mean, generally speaking, we've talked about returning free cash flow, I think in this particular year where there was an opportunity to buy back stock at a quite attractive price, and we had the program already in place to do it. We decided to go ahead and do it, and to running a little bit faster than free cash flow for 2011. But I think over the long haul, I think that the thinking is that debt levels would remain relatively constant and we'd use free cash flow to buy back stock and/or increase dividends.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And if you could just give us -- or remind us, rather, the range of net debt to EBITDA that you feel comfortable with.
David Bernstein: What we're really looking at in terms of -- we look at it more in terms of ratings. And what we're looking at is -- an A- credit rating is what we're generally targeting, as opposed to a net debt to EBITDA. Although if you look at the S&P, A- will equate to somewhere between 2 and 2.5x, roughly speaking.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then just a bigger picture question. And it's really a philosophical industry question. The airline industry over the past few years has taken 10% to 15% of their capacity out, and they've enjoyed a relatively strong increase in pricing power. And next year, the cruise industry is still going to see about a 4% increase in capacity. And I'm just wondering if you've thought about the positive impact that you might see on pricing if the industry itself reduced capacity. And by the same token, what would be the argument against it?
Howard S. Frank: The challenge to reduce capacity, although we do -- over time, we do try to sell off some of our older tonnage if we can get reasonable prizes for them. But it's unlike the airline industry. It's not easy to get -- to move out your older ships. Also, newer ships give us so much better economies of scale that we're inclined to order newer ships, larger ships that give us the scale benefits and returns that we can't get on the older tonnage. But over time, we will move out over time. Will we ever get to a flat or down capacity year-over-year from a cruise industry standpoint? I don't know. I mean, I don't -- we still see huge potential to grow our business in certain markets, and I think when we order ships today, we're ordering it for those markets where we believe we can continue to grow our capacity at good profit improvement and improved return on invested capital. So it is a much more targeted approach. There could come a time when we stop ordering ships. And for certain markets we've done that, but not for other markets. So I think it is a much targeted approach, if that answers your questions, Harry.
Operator: We're going to continue on. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder, Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Howard, could you give us a little bit more detailed color on how things have trended on a regional booking basis, particularly for European-sourced passengers since that August period? I guess for the Northern European or western itineraries looking into the first half of next year versus the Southern European itineraries.
Howard S. Frank: I don't -- to be honest with you, Tim, I don't have that information. All I looked at it was from the parts of Europe...
Micky M. Arison: The European, you're talking for next summer? Next summer?
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, Micky, yes.
Micky M. Arison: It's way too early for places like Italy, France and Spain. I mean, Costa just issued their revised brochure 2 weeks ago, and they just started taking bookings. So it's way too early for those countries to be commenting on next year.
Howard S. Frank: And Northern Europe tends to be a much shorter season, starting later and ending earlier, so it's -- they're not comparable between Europe and -- Northern Europe and the Med. Med will start to go out a little bit earlier.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So I guess then the root of the question is, you haven't seen any major shifts since prior to the beginning of August in the patterns of bookings for Northern Europeans versus Southern Europeans.
Howard S. Frank: I haven't looked at it from that standpoint, to be honest with you. I just -- I'm just looking -- it's tough enough to take 9 different businesses, pull it all together and come up with an answer directionally that makes sense. But to start to analyze it itinerary drive by itinerary, by business by business and to give it to you, it wouldn't make a lot of sense and it would take a long time to do that. And it's just not possible to try to take all the information, pull it together and do it in a way that gives you proper and good direction in terms of how the business overall is going.
Micky M. Arison: I would say that for the European brands, clearly they've had very strong last-minute bookings, which is a combination of things. I think it's economy but I think it's also the fact, because of MENA, there was more availability last minute than there were in prior years because of the -- like all the itinerary changes. And they filled, so -- and when you look at the bottom line for the third quarter, they were down 2 points, which considering everything that happened this year, that's not a terrible result.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. No, a very fair answer. And then what -- at this point, as you see the world and based on what the brand managers are telling you, what are you looking at as far as in FY '12, the recovery out of what was triggered through the tsunami impact and the earthquakes in Asia? And then relative to -- are you looking for any recovery from the MENA area in particular? And then I guess the other part would be, you cited the U.K. as being a little tepid if I interpreted your remarks correctly. How are you looking at that year-over-year from -- as you see the world today and what the brand managers are flowing up?
Howard S. Frank: Well, what the brand managers are telling me is really more anecdotal based on what's happened in the last 4 or 6 weeks or so, so I wouldn't want to give you an overall sense of what 2012 looks like. I do think it's too early. We are all over now in Europe and starting our meetings with our brand managers on reviewing 2012 budgets. Later on in September, early October, we'll be doing the same with our U.S. brands. And so I'm always a little bit uncomfortable right now, given the fact that it's September, talking too much about 2012 because I don't think we feel comfortable doing it yet. I mean, there are a lot of very positive things out there. I talked about the yields, the positive pricing in Q1 and Q2, which we think is -- we're pleased with. But I think given all the noise that we're hearing in the U.S. and Europe about economic challenges, I'd like to wait until December to give you more concrete and more concrete guidance on 2012, when we have a little bit more confidence in how it's going to shape up. And so I hesitate to give you anything right now.
Micky M. Arison: Even in December, it's going to be -- we're going to do it, but it's going to be tricky because again, we're going to be looking at comparisons that didn't have any of the MENA impact yet. And again, at December last year, we were looking at a very, very strong year. And things started to come apart in the middle of January. So when we're sitting and looking at year-over-year comparisons, we're going to have to try to pattern in what's happened [indiscernible]. So it's going to make those predictions a little bit trickier than in the past.
David Bernstein: The one thing that will definitely be a positive is 2011 had the short-term disruption of all those itinerary changes and all those cancellations, and hopefully we won't -- as Micky mentioned before, we won't see that again in 2012 and that would be a year-over-year positive.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And to your point, I think, Micky, earlier you mentioned that given all that and you had strong bookings at this time last year, you're already -- from what you're seeing right now, it's still fairly, fairly solid given that you're going to get those strong comps at this point in time.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, I think the point Howard made was well taken. We were booking very strongly into the spring and early summer. Again, part of that was the fact that we had all the disruptions, so we had a lot more capacity available close in. But part of it was obvious, demand especially for the peak holiday season. But despite a slowdown in August and early September, we were up year-over-year. And that's a good sign, but there's no question that people are tightening their belt a little bit and making decisions a little bit later, based -- because of everything that's going on and what they're watching on television every day.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota of JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just was wondering if you could give some updated thoughts on where you are from a fuel hedging perspective. Understandably, you guys don't do that now, but there's been some commentary in the past that you were thinking about more of a fuel insurance going forward. And then also from a MENA perspective, not to beat a dead horse here, but was wondering, is it possible to quantify what sort of drag pricing is going to have next year? Or maybe you could speak to it in terms of, how long do you think it will take to get back to pre-turmoil levels in terms of pricing for those itineraries?
Howard S. Frank: You want to go ahead on the answer?
David Bernstein: Yes. As far as the fuel hedging, I mean, we've talked about our philosophy a number of times on fuel hedging. And the kind of program we're looking at is more of fuel insurance. And the example I think I've used historically could be something like a 0 cost collar with a wide collar, so that if fuel did spike up, we have some protection. Those are the types of things we're looking at doing, and I mentioned before we're putting together the administrative back office to begin to do that at some point in the future.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, Kevin, on the MENA pricing for 2012 versus 2011, I think that certainly, we're hopeful that we'll see some nice improvement in pricing versus 2011, given the lateness of the changes in the itinerary due to disruption, not only to the MENA cruises, but to all of our Med cruises resulting from the last-minute changes and the rebooking patterns that we had to go through. How much of that will be -- I think it's still too early to say. Will we recapture everything we lost? I don't think so. I don't think we're even -- we're thinking in those terms. But we do think we'll start to see some improvement, but it may take us a couple of years to get back to the levels of pricing that we enjoyed pre-MENA.
David Bernstein: Just to put it in perspective, I mean, we did say that the MENA impact this year in 2011 was about a 1.5 points of yield, which just kind of gives you a total perspective of the magnitude of the issue.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup.
Jeffrey Hans: It's Jeff Hans on behalf of Greg. Can you talk a little bit about some of the tactical promotions or discounts out there today? And is that any different than sort of what you've seen during past periods of volatile bookings? Or has it been a bit more aggressive?
Micky M. Arison: We've discounted sale and it's part of a marketing strategy. Again, if we were talking for 1 or 2 brands, it would be much easier to answer your question. Every one of our brands has different kind of promotions, different tactics, different sales. They have them virtually every year, not necessarily at the exact same time. They all watch their booking curves. They all have trend lines and when they get below the trend line, they may activate a discount program, where if they get above it, they'll pull it back and so on. It's a lot of moving pieces and it doesn't -- other than the fact that you've got all this noise going on because of what's going on in Washington and what's going on in Wall Street, and also in Europe obviously with the financial crisis in Europe, all that noise is just making it really difficult to tell. But like we've said a number of times in the call today, our volumes are still up year-over-year. So it does not feel like any different than -- it definitely doesn't feel like '08, where we saw significant drop off. It doesn't feel anything like that.
Howard S. Frank: No. It's nothing like that. You did see, when you look sort of from the springtime until now, an ebb and flow to bookings. In some weeks they're very strong and other weeks are not as strong, and at the end of the month, we kind of look at the overall and so far, it's been positive. And remember, we can move business. So you're not quite sure if you have a strong booking month if it's because we're moving business at lower prices or -- and if we pull back and our business -- and our booking volumes are lower, it's because we may have pulled pricing up. And you're talking about 8 or 10, 8 or 9 different yield management systems. And each business approaches yield management in different ways. So it is really difficult to talk about a particular program of moving business and how it's affecting that particular business. Looking at it from -- we look at it from a global standpoint.
Jeffrey Hans: Right. Yes, I didn't mean as much you guys. I meant just from what you're seeing out there, given the volatility over the last 4 to 6 weeks. And I mean, there's been periods of volatility obviously over the past 12-plus months. But just wondering if you've seen other players out there discounting a bit more aggressively than other periods of volatility. Or has it been just a sort of normal course of business?
Howard S. Frank: You do see tactical pricing, and every once in a while, one of our -- I'll have a conversation or Micky will or David will with a brand manager and saying, "Our competitors are doing this at this ridiculous price, in this particular market." But it's usually for a particular cruise that they need to fill. And we -- and sometimes we do the same thing. So you can't really go too much by the anecdotal information.
Micky M. Arison: I'd like to say that beyond the MENA itineraries, which continue to be last-minute fill because there were so many changes, beyond that, I don't think it's any different than what we saw last year.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva from Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: I had a quick question on Q4. It seemed that implied yield guidance had previously been in the 2.4% range, and now you're offering us 1% to 2%. Is this primarily due to the slower August and September booking volumes? Or is it primarily because of Costa or a combination of the 2?
David Bernstein: It really is primarily as a result of the seasonal-ization of the MENA impact. As I mentioned in my notes, we had overestimated the impact on the third quarter and underestimated the negative impact of MENA on the fourth quarter. So when everything came in and we started to look at it, while the total impact of MENA, we were very close and we felt good about that, the yield difference is driven by those MENA itineraries. We had expected MENA to be roughly 2% in the third quarter. It turned out more like a 1.5%. And in the fourth quarter, we had expected it to be more like 0.5% -- 1.5% and it turned out to be more than 2%. So it's just a forecasting estimate on our part and a flip-flop between the quarters.
Micky M. Arison: Can I just say that when you consider that we changed 300 itineraries just before we gave you the second quarter guidance, the fact that we're basically right on our guidance for the second half of the year, I think, is pretty remarkable. Our folks did a great job of being able to forecast this far. Now the fact that it's a little bit higher in one quarter, a little bit lower in another quarter, I mean, come on. You're moving 300 itineraries. It's pretty good.
Howard S. Frank: Now I think the thing to keep in mind is that for the second half of the year, we actually came in yield wide a little bit -- just slightly better...
David Bernstein: Slightly better.
Howard S. Frank: Expected [ph], yes. But it was a flip-flop between Q3 and Q4. That's what you're seeing.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay, okay. And, Micky, I think we all appreciate how difficult it is and especially for the Costa brand, what they have had to go through. By the same measure, is it possible that close in bookings might be helpful in Q4, not only in The Bahamas, in the short Caribbean, but also in Europe, if you still have inventory available to sell more than in past years?
Micky M. Arison: We're pretty well along now so -- but if last-minute bookings are stronger than anticipated, then we'll do a little bit better. But we're pretty well booked for the quarter, so we...
Beth Roberts: Typically, the third quarter is the stronger summer season. It has more opportunity for upside on close in pricing than with the shoulder periods.
Howard S. Frank: Given stronger demand in Q3, you typically can get some upside. Q4 is a little bit more challenging. I think North America, as I mentioned, is substantially done right now. And really, what we need to do is some backfill still on the MENA sailings, and that's really -- that's all that's significantly left. So could it come in better than we anticipate? Sure, but not -- there's not that much room, no.
Operator: We're going to continue on. Our next question comes from the line of Richard Lyall from John W. Bristol & Co.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: I've got a couple of questions. Are you implicitly saying that the booking curve on the North American business has moved out?
Micky M. Arison: No. No, What we're saying is the booking curve on all our business has moved in a little bit.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Okay. But given the strength in pricing and the fact that you're already booked, it's not saying that North America has moved out.
Howard S. Frank: No.
Micky M. Arison: No. No, the opposite, it's moved in a little bit as well.
Richard Lyall: Okay. Second question is historically, when there's been uncertainty coming into a new year, you've been aggressive on pricing. And this time around, you're holding off on the pricing card and saying, "We're going to stick with what we got," and play the card later in the year if you need to. Why the different philosophy?
Howard S. Frank: Well, Rick, let me just say this, that I don't think there's any one philosophy here. There are a multitude of philosophies on yield management, and each brand manager approaches it -- can approach it very differently, and what we're giving you is a blend of all that information. So in some cases, I think some people -- some of our brands will go in with a stronger pricing early on and hope to maintain it and move whatever inventory is left at the end at somewhat lower pricing. Other brands will go in at -- early at lower pricing to begin with, expect to fill and then move the volumes as they need to in order to fill up, and so they're just different approaches each one will do, and what we're giving you is a blend of all of them.
Micky M. Arison: I don't think there's been any changes in the philosophy. It's just yield management folks recognizing a movement in of the booking curve will retract the line of what they expect and want. And so they will react a little bit later than they would have in a prior year with the booking curve further out. Did that make sense?
Beth Roberts: There's more uncertainty.
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Sure.
Micky M. Arison: It's a little bit riskier, but you're betting that the booking curve has moved in. And there's a lot of good anecdotal evidence to prove that it has, and so you might as well play that curve rather than react too early.
Richard Lyall: No, I understand. I just think it's interesting you're doing things differently this time. Last quick question is, I think -- I thought Pier Foschi said that he had not changed itineraries for 2012 beyond first quarter of 2012. So what occasioned the changes in itineraries? Did you decide that the situation could be more negative longer and you needed to deploy capacity differently?
Micky M. Arison: No. You're reacting to a conversation I know we had in July, correct?
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: No, I've had a conversation with him at dinner.
Micky M. Arison: In July?
David Bernstein: In July?
Richard Ellis Lyall - John W. Bristol & Co., Inc.: Whenever that was.
Micky M. Arison: In July.
Richard Lyall: At the analyst meeting. Whenever it was.
Micky M. Arison: This is now September. This is now September. I just wanted to clarify that for everybody who wasn't at dinner. The reality is, since July, we've had a number of conversations, and the question became a mitigation of risk. And so they basically went back to the drawing board, took a clean piece of paper and said, "Okay, what is the best itineraries we can operate for our major nationalities and mitigate the MENA risk?" And that's what they did. And they come up with a whole new set of itineraries, some very, very innovative ones, I think. It's some great ideas. We're very hopeful that they'll be very successful, but they had to go back to the drawing board, reprint a brand new brochure for next spring and summer. They've done that. It's now in the marketplace, but it's only been in the marketplace about 2 weeks, so it will take some time to see how all that flies. But we're very glad that they did that. We think they've made a lot of good decisions and we'll see what happens 6 months from now.
Beth Roberts: The deployment changes were announced September 1.
Micky M. Arison: And today is with the brochure...
Howard S. Frank: Yes.
David Bernstein: About [ph]...
Micky M. Arison: To the [ph] brochure on that.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo from Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a first question on costs. I know you haven't done your budgets yet for next year, but if we do see a bigger-than-expected downturn, how much flexibility do you have to take further cost out? I know you took quite a big chunk out in '09, but do you think -- I mean, do you have a sort of backup plan if things are quite tough?
David Bernstein: Jamie, I mean, we are always looking at ways to reduce cost. We're not a business where we have a lot of fat in the business, so when there's an economic downturn we can change our model and all of a sudden take all that fat. We run very lean and we're constantly looking for ways to reduce cost. So we're hoping we can offset the inflation next year. We've told everybody our long-term cost guidance is flat to half of inflation. Hopefully, we'll be closer to flat than half of inflation as we work through all the cost savings.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just the other question was relating to a comment I think one that you made on maybe selling some more ships in the future, some of the older ships. I think you've got 7 or 8 ships that are 20 years or more in age. I'm just wondering, first, does that have a meaningful impact on group net cruise costs, just given these ships are significantly less efficient than modern ships? And also, the loss you made on selling the Marina, I know it's small, but you didn't normally make book value losses when you sell ships, so are you happy with the book value of your fleet today?
David Bernstein: Yes, in terms of the book value of our fleet, we're very happy. You're picking on one ship. But I did look at the last 8 ship sales. It turns out that in the last 8 ship sales, we had 4 gains and 4 losses. The total cumulative net for the 8 was a positive, I think it was $45 million. So on these sales to have it turn out to be that way, we felt very comfortable with our book value overall. As far as the cost impact of selling these older ships, I think the last time I looked, those 7 ships represented about 3% of our overall capacity because remember, they tend -- the older ships tend to be smaller, so even if we sold all 7 of them, I doubt you would see a dramatic change in our net cruise cost because it's just 3% to the total.
Operator: Gentlemen, we have actually 2 more questions. Our next question comes from David Leibowitz from Horizon Kinetics.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc.: A few unrelated items. Nothing was said about Alaska and China. Could you update us on those 2 for 2012?
Micky M. Arison: Alaska was very, very good in...
Howard S. Frank: 2012.
Micky M. Arison: And I don't see any reason why it wouldn't be as good in '12. It's way too early, again, to comment about third quarter of next year, but we're very happy with the way it turned out in '11. I don't see any reason why it wouldn't be similar in '12.
David Bernstein: And we did -- Princess did announce one more ship for Alaska for 2012, so...
Beth Roberts: Yes, traffic in Alaska is up 11% next year.
Howard S. Frank: And then early signs for Alaska for the second quarter -- we have a few sailings in the second quarter -- are so far positive, but I don't think you could take that too seriously right now. The summer is really what drives it. On China, I think that it was a rough -- this certainly was a rough year for China, given the problems in Japan and also the dislocation of itineraries and moving things around and cancellations and rebookings and so on. So it was a tough year. But we do think that 2012 will be better. It's getting off to a better start but still very, very early for the China booking season. But we certainly are hopeful that we'll show some nice improvement in China in 2012.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc.: Second question. You have 9 brands. You're adding 2 to 3 ships a year. How many of your brand managers would like to have more capacity sooner?
Howard S. Frank: I think 9 of them would. I mean, all of them want to have more capacity. I don't think there's one out there that doesn't believe that they can add ships and increase their profitability and their returns. But we want to be -- we've given them their hurdle rates to do that and until they reach their hurdle rates, they're not going to get those allocation -- that net allocation of capital.
Micky M. Arison: The reality is all but 3 of our brands have newbuildings coming. So I mean, they're all focusing on...
Howard S. Frank: They're all in the pipeline.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, they're all in the pipeline and have newbuilding coming.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc.: You referred to hurdle rates. Of the 9 brands, how many of them are meeting their hurdle rates as we speak?
Howard S. Frank: Well, I think a good number of them are and some are not. And that's about as much as you're going to get from me on that.
Micky M. Arison: What tends to happen is if you look at their newest ships, they tend to meet the hurdle rates. And those that have older, smaller ships, they tend to bring them down.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind that the newer ships that we're building are twice the size of the average ship in the fleet. And also, the newer ships are considerably more fuel efficient than the average ship in the fleet, so the returns for those ships tend to be quite a bit higher.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc.: And the last question. Several of your brands have discontinued brochures and tell everybody to just go onto the computer, or at least this is what travel agents are telling me. What is the dollar cost savings there?
Micky M. Arison: I have no idea.
Howard S. Frank: All right, David, I mean, it's probably less about cost savings. It's more about efficiency and getting the travel agents and consumers to be more efficient and driving more electronic bookings and that sort of thing. It is the future and we are moving along with that. We're trying to move that along.
David Bernstein: And by the way, David, that's occurred over a period of years, that it wasn't a one-year phenomenon.
David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc.: My question would be, for a first-time passenger who has never sailed, do they really get the same understanding of the cruise, the same possessiveness and in looking forward to taking the sailing when they don't have a brochure?
Micky M. Arison: If they have a brochure -- I mean, if they have a computer. If they don't have a computer, I guess they won't. I don't know how many of our passengers don't own computers but...
David Liebowitz - Horizon Asset Management, Inc.: In fact, you can arguably get a much better picture on the computer with all of the videos and other things that we have to offer that you would never find in the brochure, so.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson from Jefferies.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I think in the past, you've said that at any one time, you are between 55% and 75% booked for the next quarter. Where are you in quarter one? And how does that compare to maybe this time last year?
David Bernstein: It is 55% to 75% booked and we are within that range for quarter one. And I think Howard had mentioned we were flattish with...
Howard S. Frank: Last year.
David Bernstein: Flattish with last year, correct.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. All right. Okay, gentlemen. I think that will -- that can conclude it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Thank you once again...
Howard S. Frank: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Have a wonderful day...
Howard S. Frank: Thanks, everybody. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you, sir.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-06-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Carnival Corporation and Senior Vice President of Carnival Corporation Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations Micky Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Carnival Corporation and Chief Executive Officer of Carnival Corporation Howard Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Ian Rennardson - BofA Merrill Lynch Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Brian Egger - Harris Nesbitt Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Liebowitz -  Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc Nicholas Thomas - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Carnival Corp.'s Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, June 21, 2011. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank: Good morning, everyone. This is Howard Frank, and I'm here in Miami with David Bernstein, who is our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On the line as well, but in London, are Micky Arison, our Chairman and CEO; and Beth Roberts is with Micky. Beth is our Vice President of Investor Relations.  So we'll do the normal -- we will do the normal call. As questions come in after we finish -- David and I finish our presentations, I will kind of coordinate it. So if you get a little silence at some points in time, don't worry about it. It's just there's a little coordination activities, and I'll refer questions for Micky and Beth as needed.  So with that, I'll turn it over to David, and he'll take you through color for the second quarter and the cost outlooks for the rest of the year.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note, as some of our remarks in this conference call will be forward-looking, I will refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and costs will be in local currency unless otherwise noted, as this is a much better indicator of business trends.  For the second quarter, our earnings per share was $0.26. The second quarter came in $0.04 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The $0.04 per share improvement was driven by $0.02 from cruise operations as net revenue yields and net cruise costs were generally in line with expectations. We also picked up $0.02 from a few miscellaneous nonoperating items.  Now let's look at our second quarter results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 5% for the second quarter of 2011, with the majority of the increase coming from our European, Australian and Asian brands, or as we call them, our EAA brands. Our EAA brands grew 9%, while our North American brands grew only 3%. Our net revenue yields increased 2% in the second quarter, with similar increases in both net ticket and net onboard and other revenue yield.  Net ticket yields increased 2%. The North American brands, however, were up 3%. Let me give you some color by itinerary for the North American brand. The Caribbean itineraries were flat for the second quarter, which was consistent with our expectation. However, this does represent some sequential improvement. As we talked in the first quarter, the Caribbean itineraries were down. We did expect that the Caribbean pricing pressure would ease as the year progressed, and so far, we are on track. All other itineraries for the North American brands were up except Europe, which was impacted by the conflicts in the Middle East and North Africa, commonly referred to as MENA.  Our EAA brands were up 1% for the quarter. Their itineraries outside of Europe were up, particularly the Caribbean and other exotics. However, as previously announced, the European itineraries were down as they felt the impact of MENA.  Net onboard and other yields also increased 2%. The increase here was also driven by our North American brands as our EAA brands were also impacted by MENA itinerary changes in the form of lower shore excursion revenue.  On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding fuel per available lower berth day, were up 3% versus the prior year. We saw inflationary pressures in food costs, crew travel and other hotel costs that were anticipated and discussed on our last conference call.  In summary, the second quarter EPS was $0.26 per share versus the $0.32 we reported last year. However, fuel prices were up 35%, costing us an additional $0.19 per share. Therefore, excluding fuel prices, our EPS for the second quarter would have been up $0.13 versus the prior year.  Turning to our 2011 outlook. I'll skip the net revenue yield outlook as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, for the full year, net cruise costs, excluding fuel per available lower berth day, are forecasted to be flat to up 1%, which is the same as our March guidance.  One final note. I'll share with you our current rules of thumb about the impact of fuel prices and currency on our results for the remainder of the year. To start with, a 10% change in the price of fuel for the remaining half of 2011 represents a $0.14 per share impact. And with respect to FX, a 10% change in all currencies relative to the U.S. dollar for the remaining half of 2011 would impact our P&L by $0.16 per share. At this point, I'll turn the call back to Howard.
Howard Frank: Thank you, David. So now, I'll go into a little bit of history, but talk more about how the history is going to affect our outlook for the second half of the year. As we've previously announced, second quarter business trends were more challenging than we expected, especially for our European brand companies. At the time of our March guidance, we clearly underestimated the impact that the political unrest in the Middle East and North Africa would have on our business for the remainder of the year. While we got the estimates right for the second quarter, which was close in, we significantly missed our estimates for the impact of the MENA events for the second half of the year. And to a lesser extent, our revenues were also affected by the unfortunate events in Japan, which had just occurred at the time of our March earnings call and it was too early to know how and to what extent these events would affect our business in that part of the world.  Looking at the picture for the entire company, the fleet-wide reduction in forecasted revenue for the second half of this year cost us approximately $0.20 a share. In broad terms, of this amount, approximately $0.17 per share was related to MENA and other European brand softness. Approximately $0.02 was North American brand reduced pricing for European sailings and $0.01 per share for Japan.  At Costa Cruise Lines, the establishing of new itineraries for 280 sailings in order to avoid calling at MENA ports was far more disruptive to their business than originally thought. Costa was a significant commitment to MENA ports of call in 2011, was by far the most affected of our companies. Other brands were also affected by MENA but to a much lesser degree.  We had expected that once the new itineraries were announced, we would experience a period of cancellations and rebookings for the newly redesigned cruises, and that over time, pricing would stabilize. Reselling of these cruises was far more challenging than expected, and we were eventually forced to reduce pricing for the summer and fall season to stimulate demand.  Although difficult to quantify, bookings for the non-MENA-affected European cruises were also affected by the lower prices offered for the redesigned MENA cruises. European brand bookings unrelated to MENA itineraries also appear to have been affected by the weak economies in France, Italy and Spain, the main markets in which they sell into. This, coupled with a significant increase in Mediterranean capacity this year by European and U.S. cruise companies, could also have been a factor in the deterioration of European pricing.  However, the redesigning of the MENA cruises and offering them at greatly reduced prices was clearly the greatest contributor to reduced European revenue yields. Regarding the U.K. market, both P&O Cruises and Cunard experienced a slowdown in bookings during the winter and early spring. The U.K. government's austerity measures introduced during the period caused a major decline in consumer confidence. And we felt this in our U.K. bookings for several months over the winter and early spring, a critical time in our booking period. In order to stimulate demand, prices were reduced, as was the revenue forecast for the U.K. However, I'm pleased to say that more recently, consumer confidence has rebounded in the U.K., and our booking patterns in May and June have stabilized.  For the North American brands in the second half of the year, we did experience some impact from MENA sailings, and to a lesser degree, sailings around Japan, especially for our premium-priced cruise lines, which have had a number of sailings in those parts of the world. Most of the reduced North American revenue forecast relates to MENA and Japan, with the balance attributable to lower-than-expected pricing for Mediterranean cruises. This was partially offset by better-than-expected pricing in Alaska and other cruise lines.  Now turning to the current booking status and recent booking trends. Presently, fleet-wide local currency pricing for the second half bookings is nicely higher, year-over-year, more significantly so for North American brands and slightly higher for EAA brands. Occupancies for the second half of the year are lower, slightly lower for North American brands and lower for EAA brands.  Looking at the booking window over the last 6 weeks, however, the picture is showing solid improvement on a fleet-wide basis, with booking volume significantly higher year-over-year for North America and EAA, and with stronger pricing for the North America brands and lower pricing for EAA brands. This is consistent with my previous comments and our current forecast for EAA brand revenue.  We view the MENA disruptions in 2011 as a significant and unusual event in our business. While our business is global, with our fleets sailing around the world, we, of course, recognize that our business is subject to the risk of political unrest in those countries to which we sail, and we provide a factor for that in setting our revenue forecast and earnings guidance. However, the magnitude of the MENA events in 2011 on our business was unprecedented and could not have been anticipated.  With regard to the European market, the European consumer has been quite resilient in the past, and we believe Europe continues to represent an excellent growth market for our business. Perhaps the silver lining in all this is our North American brands, which have continued to perform well despite the less-than-robust U.S. economy. We are greatly encouraged with the recent strength of our North American brand performances here, that is from a booking standpoint, which bodes well for our 2012 business outlook.  Now turning to our full year earnings guidance for 2011. As we indicated in our press release, we are now guiding earnings to $2.40 to $2.50 a share or a midpoint of $2.45. This represents a $0.15 lower earnings guidance than that provided in our first quarter earnings guidance in March. The principal reasons for the change as we've previously indicated are reduced revenues in the second half of the year of approximately $0.20 per share, primarily from the impact of MENA. Some of the reduced revenue is offset by cost savings, as well as certain nonoperating items of approximately $0.05 a share.  Given the recent reductions in fuel prices, we are now estimating that fuel cost, net of currency exchange benefit, is unchanged for the rest of the year. So the net of all this amounts to $0.15 a share reduction on our guidance to the midpoint of $2.45 from $2.60 previously.  Now let me take you through some of the color for each of the next 3 quarters. Turning to the third quarter, capacity in the third quarter is expected to increase by 4.8%, 3.3% of that is in North America, 7.2% for EAA brands. On a fleet-wide basis, third quarter occupancies are running slightly behind last year, with fleet-wide local currency pricing nicely ahead year-over-year despite the challenges in Europe. That's the current picture.  For North American brand, capacity in the third quarter was 36% in the Caribbean, which is down from 41% last year. 25% in Europe, an increase from 17% last year, and 23% in Alaska, which is about the same as last year. Pricing for North American brand business in the third quarter is well ahead of last year on the same year-over-year occupancies. And booking volumes for the last 6 weeks have been strong, with very little inventory left to sell. More specifically, pricing for Alaska itineraries is running significantly higher than last year. Pricing for Caribbean itineraries is slightly better than a year ago, which is a nice improvement from the first half of the year. And pricing for North American brand European itineraries is lower than a year ago for the reasons I've previously discussed. Taking this all together, we are forecasting that North American brand pricing for the third quarter will be nicely higher than a year ago.  Moving over to the EAA brand, capacity is 83%. EAA brand capacity is 83% in European itineraries. At the present time, EAA local currency pricing is slightly ahead of last year on local -- on lower occupancies. EAA brand bookings over the last 6 weeks have been strong, with pricing running lower than a year ago. Despite all the challenges in Europe, we are currently forecasting that EAA revenues will come in only slightly lower than last year by the time the third quarter closes.  Looking at this on a fleet-wide basis, we are forecasting third quarter local currency yields to be higher in the 1% to 2% range, driven by the stronger North American brand yields.  Turning now to the fourth quarter. On a fleet-wide basis, capacity is up 5.8%, 3.2% in North America, 10% for EAA brands. Local currency pricing on a fleet-wide basis for the fourth quarter is nicely higher year-over-year, a similar pattern to the third quarter. Occupancies are lower than last year, slightly lower for North American brands and lower for EAA brands.  North American brands are 42% in the Caribbean and down from 50% last year. 14% in Europe versus 9% last year, and 10% in Orient Pacific, which is about the same as last year, the balance of the itineraries in various other places. Pricing for North American brand itineraries in the fourth quarter is nicely higher than a year ago, and the booking volume for North American brands in the fourth quarter continues to be strong. By the time the fourth quarter closes, we expect North American brand pricing to be nicely higher. EAA brands is 71% in Europe versus 64% last year, with the balance in other itineraries.  Fourth quarter local currency pricing for EAA brands at the current time is higher than a year ago, but given the current lower occupancy versus last year, we expect EAA pricing on a local currency basis for the fourth quarter to continue to decline. While booking momentum has picked up, it has been at the lower price points. So by the time the quarter closes, we expect EAA local currency pricing to be lower than a year ago. On an overall fleet-wide basis for the fourth quarter, similar to the third quarter, we are forecasting higher local currency revenue yield, driven by the stronger pricings from the North American brands.  Now turning to the first quarter 2012. For the first quarter of 2012, capacity is 5.5% higher than last year, 4.5% in North America, 7.2% in EAA brands. At the present time, on a fleet-wide basis, local currency pricing is nicely higher, with occupancies running slightly behind last year.  While the first quarter booking picture is encouraging, it is still early in the booking cycle, so I caution not to read too much into the first quarter booking picture at this time. For North American brands, we are 65% in the Caribbean, which is about where we were last year, with the balance in various other itineraries. Caribbean pricing is nicely higher than a year ago on slightly lower occupancies. Pricing for all other itineraries is also higher than a year ago, also at slightly lower occupancies.  EAA brands are 22% in the Caribbean, but same as last year; 20% in Europe, down from 23% last year; 18% in South America, up slightly from 16% last year; and 40% in a variety of other itineraries around the world. For all EAA itineraries taken together, local currency pricing is slightly higher than a year ago at slightly lower occupancies.  From an overall fleet-wide standpoint, booking volumes and pricings in the last 6 weeks for the first quarter of 2012 have been strong, and at this time, it appears that Q1 is off to a good start. However, please keep in mind, it's still early in the booking process, and we have a long way to go before the first quarter of 2012 is closed.  So that sort of summarizes the booking status and the booking picture as we go through this period of time. And with that, Tina, I will turn it back over to you, and we'll take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Howard, as always, you gave us great color for the next several quarters. I'm going to push a little bit. I'm wondering -- I know it's early, but I'm also -- I've been really wondering what the current turmoil in the MENA region and throughout is doing to your forward Med and European bookings for next year. I know that's beyond what you can see for the first quarter, but I was wondering if you could give some color on that. And just wondering, you talked a little bit about what your capacity changes were, at least in the first quarter. But I was wondering, industry-wide, do you have an idea of what the capacity is increasing in Europe and in the Med for next year?
Howard Frank: Yes, let me take the first question, and I'm going to have Beth, I'm not sure if she can answer the second question, but I'm going to send it over to her to respond to it. She's got the industry data. I'm not sure we have it by markets yet. Look, I think in Q1, I think that cost repositioned Q1 of 2012, and I know you want to go beyond Q1. But for Q1, they repositioned a number of cruises away from the Med. They repositioned an additional ship down to South America for this winter in the first quarter, another ship into the Caribbean, all sorts from the European market by the way. And they made a few other itineraries -- and those ships came out -- the knock-on effect is those ships came out of the Middle East or North Africa, so there is less dependence in the first quarter on those itineraries. Going into the second and third quarters, it's still early. I had a conversation with the Costa people this morning about it. They're still watching it. Those itineraries are still tending to be a little bit soft so that further out, they may have to do some other things. But right now, they feel pretty confident that if things don't get any worse in that area of the world, that they will stay with the current plan. If they see booking momentum falling off, they will have to consider making some changes. But the benefit -- what happened this year, as I think a lot of the changes that were made were made during wave season, or towards the end of -- mid and end of wave season, which was strong booking periods for us. And as you get into the weaker booking periods of April, May and June, it became more difficult for them to catch up. I think if they have -- they have the ability now to make these decisions and be a little bit more agile knowing what they're up against, and so it's possible they may make some other changes. But I think it will be -- give them sufficient time, once they make those changes, to get those itineraries out. So I think they feel much more comfortable in terms of at least having a better sense as to what their revenue yield picture is going to look like from those programs in 2012. But it's still very, very early for second quarter and summer. We don't -- I don't have any picture of the summer at all right now, to be honest with you. So I don't even see that.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And is that normal for this time of the year?
Howard Frank: Yes, yes. And we don't -- we basically are -- they're still in the process. While they've got their itineraries all done for next year, they're still in the process of formulating their budgets or revenue budgets and so on. So I have no feel for it.
Beth Roberts: I do not have...
Howard Frank: Yes, go ahead. Go ahead, Beth. Yes, I'm sorry.
Beth Roberts: I do not have the deployment by market for 2012. I can tell you that our North American brands capacity is up 3.5%, and our European brands capacity for next year is up closer to 8%. From an industry perspective, we are showing North America less than 3%, and Europe, up 6%. But that is again brand sourcing European passengers, not necessarily the deployment.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, hopefully, I can get some more granularity on that from you later, Beth?
Beth Roberts: We'll try.
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Brashear of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: As we're thinking about the Middle East and the disruption there, I'm wondering what you're thinking if things get worse in Athens? How many of the ships would be affected and how many of the brands will be affected by that since that's obviously a very significant port in the Mediterranean, and to some extent, may be a good port now, particularly with the ships coming out of Middle East and North Africa? So [indiscernible]
Howard Frank: Yes, I mean, look, I think that -- yes, I'm sure, Janet. I think Athens has been a challenge for us for several months now. I mean, there's been quite a bit of turmoil in Athens. But it seems to be in Athens, and it seems to be a much more localized. While we do call in Athens and we do turnarounds in Athens, most of our calls are in the Greek Islands, which have been unaffected by all this. Indeed, Athens is really unaffected by it as well. So we haven't -- I haven't heard that Athens has been any significant problem yet, and we hope that things just start to in the next couple of weeks -- theres some clarity on what's going to happen in Greece so that things will calm down such. But we'll see, we'll see it out. I think it is an important area though for us to sell in, Greece.
Micky Arison: The majority of our turns in Athens are done by Seabourn. I was aboard Seabourn Quest yesterday for the naming ceremony and talked to Rick Meadows, whos the President of Seabourn, about this issue. And he said, as of right now, they have not had any visible impact to their Athens turns, their Piraeus turns.
Beth Roberts: With respect to our exposure to Greece, it looks like roughly 8% or 9% of our capacity touches Greece in the back half of the year.
Micky Arison: As Howard said, most of that is Greek Islands, which is unimpacted, not impacted.
Howard Frank: And most of that's already booked, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: I just wanted to follow up on the first quarter trends. It seems like they're relatively strong, and you said not to take too much weight into it, though. But historically, this time of year, when you're looking at the first quarter bookings, is it a decent indicator if things are strong, that assuming no change in the macro environment, they'll continue to be so?
Howard Frank: It's hard to know. I mean, certainly, it's a positive indicator. But I hate to -- since it is early in the booking process, as ships start to come back to the Caribbean, and if -- you're almost subject, while we're booking nicely, to what your competitors are doing as well and from a last minute standpoint. And if they're not filling as quickly as we are, you just don't know. It's probably less now of an economic issue. I think that we would have -- if it was an economic issue, we probably would have seen it by now. So I think as the economy kind of moves along and it's not a great, robust economy, we are seeing people taking cruise vacations, and we're getting positive pricing trends right now. So we're -- and the booking volumes are good for Q1 right now. So we're feeling -- we're a little bit buoyed by it. On the other hand, we don't want to -- there's a long way to go before the quarter closes, and we don't want to make any promises right now that may not become real -- we can't realize by the end of the quarter. So we'll have a better sense of it in the next quarter, I think. And if over the summer bookings continue to be strong, I think we probably will be able to give out some better guidance on what Q1 yields are going to look like.
Operator: Our next question comes from Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Howard, I had one question. Maybe your conversations with the different brand heads, you may have been able to gauge this. Do you think there might be an additional risk related to the MENA events at this point? Or do you think it's been captured, given that we're into Q3, and Q4 has less exposure to that geography in general?
Howard Frank: Yes. I mean, with respect to 2011, no. I think we're certainly close enough in on the third quarter to get it right. And while I think we have a little bit more exposure in Q4, I think we brought our yield forecast down enough so that we're fully covered for the second half of the year. I don't see any significant exposure. And I'm encouraged by the fact that in other markets, we're seeing some strong volumes, strong booking volumes, which is a very positive indicator. So I'm hopeful it could be better than what we're saying. But you don't know until the quarter ends, and we'll see what happens.
David Bernstein: We had a lot more time to look at -- go ahead, sorry.
Assia Georgieva: I'm sorry, David. Go ahead.
David Bernstein: No, I was just going to say, we had a lot more time to look at this and study it for this quarter than we did last quarter. There was a lot of things that occurred last quarter that happened right before the conference call, which made it very difficult for us to predict the future at that point.
Micky Arison: I think people forget that the Japan event occurred a few days before the call, and the actual bombing of Libya occurred just a couple of days before the call. So the impact of those 2 events, we hadn't felt yet. And while the ongoing conflict in Libya has not been a major issue in the media in the U.S. like it is in Southern Europe, I mean, if you can imagine, in the southern part of the United States if there was constant bombing of Cuba, what kind of media there would be? And that's kind of the geography we're dealing with. Libya is very close to Southern Europe, and so it was a very big ongoing story. It continues to be in a big ongoing story of that. It only started a couple of days before our last guidance. So now, as David said, we've had 3 months to really study what impact it's had. And hopefully, we've done a better job now of estimating the full impact for this year.
Assia Georgieva: And it sounds like you're being very conservative on Q4, right? From what both you, Micky, and what Howard said?
Micky Arison: We hope so.
Howard Frank: Exactly.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And the second question, Alaska has been exceptional this year. Do you think that this might be sort of pent-up demand after several years of very high head taxes? Or might it be something that does not continue into 2012? I know it's very speculative at this point, but I just wondered what your thinking was in Alaska.
Micky Arison: I would say a couple of things. First of all, capacity was reduced after the referendum passed. It took a number of years for that reduced capacity actually to roll through, and I think that has helped. And second, historically, when Europe weakens, those people that are looking for kind of sightseeing destinations, Alaska becomes a very positive alternative. And so Alaska winds up benefiting from the negative issues that occur when North Americans travel into Europe. And you've got the combination of that plus higher airfares to Europe, which are not quite the case to Seattle and Vancouver. And you put all that together and they wound up to be a very, very strong Alaska season.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, great. Hopefully, next year, it will continue.
Micky Arison: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Wieczynski of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Howard, I guess for the people that canceled the cruises in the Middle East due to the Middle East stuff and the ones that have not rebooked, what is the theory as to why they have not rebooked? Is it that they have their heart set on that itinerary, or are they waiting for a better economic environment? Can you give a little color there?
Howard Frank: I'm not sure they haven't rebooked. I think there may have been some delays in their rebooking, or they just rebooked at lower prices or booked other itineraries. What happened is when we brought prices down for the MENA-affected cruises, because we're starting from 0 again, so to speak, that prices for all other Med itineraries had to compete with that. And so pricing came down all over. And I think that I'm not -- while I don't know for sure what percentage of people who canceled didn't rebook, I think probably, my guess is most people rebooked their cruises but they booked them to other itineraries. But they booked them at lower prices. And I think what we're feeling is really the lower pricing across all Mediterranean cruises, also [indiscernible] and not directly MENA-affected cruises.
Micky Arison: When you have that many itineraries being changed and that many guests being impacted, you wind up with a huge amount of churn, and you're not always able to link the cancel with the new booking. Because a person cancels one day and maybe rebooks with a different line, or that line but different itinerary a week or 2 later, and there's no, necessarily, system linkage to the 2 events. So much of that was happening over such a short period of time that it's very hard to know what the actual movement was. And it's possible, when it's all said and done and the brands do a postmortem, we'd have a better understanding of how that happened. But we're still in the middle of it. I mean, a lot of these itinerary changes happened in the second, third and beginning of fourth quarters. So we're still right in the middle of all of this movement, although I would say it's settled down now. And as Howard said, the booking pace has now picked up again.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, got you. And the last question, David, the $0.05 cost savings that are coming out on the back half of the year, can you just give a little more color as to where those are coming from?
David Bernstein: Yes, what we're referring to is we've got some improvement in fuel consumption in the back half of the year, as well as a number of nonoperating items, most of which, by the way, showed up and were realized in the second quarter. So that was what made up the $0.05.
Howard Frank: Remember, we came in $0.04 better in the second quarter, so we took down the guidance by $0.15 to incorporate that as well. So we got the benefit of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Howard, could you comment a little bit on the cadence that you've seen in onboard spending throughout the second quarter, and then what you've seen so far in June here?
Howard Frank: I'll let David do that. David?
David Bernstein: Yes, Tim. We're seeing a couple of percentage points improvement in onboard spending. We're expecting, on a normalized basis, a couple of percent for the year. And really, I think I said this on the last call, it's across all categories of onboard, except for the casinos. And we've talked about the challenges that we have with the casinos, so nothing's changed much from March guidance for the June guidance in terms of onboard.
Howard Frank: We're expecting we're 2% higher this year.
David Bernstein: Higher, yes. 2% improvement in yields...
Howard Frank: Which is about what we ran at in the first half of the year.
David Bernstein: Correct, yes, on a normalized basis. Because we talked about the first quarter in the prior year, where you had some unusual items. So the first quarter looked lower, but on a normalized basis, excluding those guarantee payments last year, we were up about 2%.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So despite the fluctuations in bookings, what you've seen out of Europe and so forth, there's been no broad fluctuation in onboard spending? Is that a fair statement?
David Bernstein: No broad fluctuation. But that's historically the way -- we have seen far more volatility in ticket prices than onboard, generally speaking. We did get hurt on the shore excursions because of the itinerary changes, and we took that into account. But generally speaking, the onboard spend is down [ph].
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, and then could you give us a little bit more detail on the nonoperating items, some kind of from a modeling perspective next year? It sounds like nonrecurring, nonoperating items?
David Bernstein: Yes. We had a 2 lie-lows left, which is leases on some ships. We were able to get out of actually half of one of them, which we picked up a couple of cents there. And we also had some FX gains. So these are all one-time items that occur. Every year, there seems to be 1 or 2 here or there. We still have a lease and a half left to go, and we're working to get out of that. So maybe we'll pick up another $0.01 or $0.02 from that next year. It's very unpredictable.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, and finally, just to clarify, it doesn't sound like there's any impact, but the Chilean volcano causing some flight disruptions in Australia. Any issues with Australia and New Zealand cruises at this point?
Micky Arison: I haven't heard anything. I didn't even know about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley, UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Two questions. One is just to clarify, you were talking about repositioning some things away from the Med for next year. But, in 2012, you are not returning at all to any Middle Eastern, North African ports, is that correct? That's not at all in your plans for 2012 now?
Howard Frank: No, no, no. What we did -- we did some repositioning in Q1, Robin, away from some of those ports of call. Q2 and beyond, we still have pretty much the same programs in effect for the various MENA ports. We haven't changed. I mean, things have really settled down in Egypt, for example. And in Israel, we started to go back to Israel. Even though Israel was not part of it, we had to stop calling in Israel because people were nervous about even going to Israel. We start Israeli calls later on this year, actually in the fall. But we still have those calls, and beginning next spring and summer, we still have Middle East, North Africa calls. But it's still early in the game for that, and if they have to be changed, they'll be changed. But right now, we still have that same risk exposure, I would say.
Micky Arison: Just to clarify, the itinerary changes Howard talked about was for the first quarter, was pulling ships out of the Med entirely and then moving to South America, a couple of ships. But no, there hasn't been changes beyond that.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Okay, great. And then the other question is on fuel hedging. Can you just give us any color on kind of your current thinking there, whether that's something you think about more than you have previously?
David Bernstein: Yes, we have been thinking about it a lot. We've had a lot of discussions, including with the board. We're looking at a program that's probably more like fuel insurance than fuel hedging. I think we talked about this a little bit on the last call where we would like to protect ourselves against large fuel spikes as opposed to locking in prices. So we'll be -- we haven't done anything to date, but we are talking and looking at it. And we will be opportunistic in our decisions.
Howard Frank: I think one of the big issues we have is trying to get, for the kind of program we have in mind, trying to get correlations right. Because based on what we've experienced this year, the difference between WTI and what we pay for fuel has been enormous in terms of the movement of those fuels. So part of those studies we've been doing, working with consultants on this, is trying to get to an answer that will -- so that if fuel does move, one way or another, so will our fuel costs move. So we need to make sure we got it right. And that's why it's taking so much work.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: A quick question on the cost side. Through the first 3 quarters of 2011, your constant dollar cost per ALBD will average in the high 2s, and your guidance for the year is flat to up 1%. If you could just walk us through the cost savings that are going to drive that annual number down to flat to 1% for the year?
David Bernstein: Sure. There were a couple of one-time items in the fourth quarter of 2010, which hopefully won't repeat themselves, which result in some overall cost reduction in the fourth quarter versus the prior year. And the other thing, and weve said this before, that the quarters aren't necessarily a good picture of the whole year, that the whole year is a much better picture. Because you do see [indiscernible] across the quarters that's different from year to year, particularly in advertising expense and some other areas. So the full year is a much better measure of our cost control.
Micky Arison: Remember, we have had a very significant cost in the fourth quarter last year from the fire on the Carnival Splendor.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: So looking ahead to 2012, what should be the difference between the kind of high 2% cost per ALBD over the last several quarters? Going forward, particularly given or in light of your comments, that there are some inflationary costs, should it be kind of comparable to the first 3 quarters that we've seen so far this year?
David Bernstein: What we've been telling everybody is while historically, we've been able to keep our costs flat on a unit basis excluding fuel, going forward, we're looking at something more like flat to half of inflation, because it is getting more difficult. As we slow down the growth of the fleet, we get less benefit from economies of scale. So it will be more difficult. I keep saying this, and Micky keeps proving me wrong.
Micky Arison: Theres also all sorts of things happening all the time. I mean, the reality is that we made a move to merge the back office of Seabourn into Holland America, for example, and create significant cost synergies that we disclosed earlier. But the costs of all that was in the first half of this year, where all the redundancy payments and everything was done in the first half of this year, and all the synergies will flow through the second half of next year. So a similar thing we're working on in Australia, between Princess Australia and P&O Australia. Similarly, we merged our 2 different hotel businesses in Alaska, and that happened this spring. And the synergies, hopefully, will flow through next year. So you've got these kinds of things happening that can give you a bump in a quarter or 2, but hopefully, over the long term, keep us closer to 0 than 0 to half of inflation.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay, that's helpful. And then one question that's probably a little harder to answer and that is, in Northern Europe, given the capacity increases, I am sure you are sensitive to the issue of saturation points. Do you have any sense of whether or not some of the recent lack of pricing is related to saturation as opposed to consumer confidence?
Micky Arison: Our Northern Europe business is performing very well across virtually all brands, at least compared to Southern Europe, where we're dealing with all the MENA situations.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And in the U.K. then?
Howard Frank: With all the noise in there, Harry, it's really hard to know. As we went into the summer booking season for Europe, it was very strong. And it looked like we were going to have, really, some very strong yield improvements in our European sailings, both on North America brands and European brands. And indeed, even some of the numbers today are showing improvements. I mean, despite all the things that we've seen. So our feeling is that it's really much less a capacity issue and much more a geopolitical issue.
Micky Arison: And just to be clear, my answer was itinerary, not necessarily source markets. But itineraries in Northern Europe, Norway and the Baltic are performing better than obviously the Mediterranean because of MENA. I wasn't talking about source markets per se.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay, and then just one last. If you could address that same question relative to the U.K.?
Micky Arison: I think Howard just did.
Howard Frank: Yes. I mean, I think U.K. seems to -- look, I mean there are so many -- I mean, there's continuing austerity measures and things going on in the U.K. I think what happened is in the winter and spring, there's been the introduction of a lot of these measures. I think it was a major shock to consumer confidence. And as they've settled in, I think business, as I indicated to you, has started to come back in the U.K. We've taken on all of our U.K. capacity. So from our standpoint, I don't think -- Micky, you can correct me -- that we've got any -- I can't recall, Beth, you may have the data, any significant capacity increases in the U.K. other than for annualization of ships that we already put in.
Micky Arison: Actually, our U.K. brand capacity is down slightly, because we have the Artemis that went out. And the Adonia that came in is slightly smaller. I think where U.K. capacity gets hurt is when you have something like MENA and you've got competitors who view the U.K. as not a primary source market but a dump market, that they come in and they dump very, very low prices to fill up ships that are having problems because of something like MENA. So we have some competitive dynamics happening in the U.K. and some other markets as well, where these last-minute itinerary changes needed to be filled, not just by our brands but by some of our competitors.
Howard Frank: And source a lot of business.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: That helps me understand it, though. That's helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Rollo of Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: Just a few more questions on the MENA hit, please. I'm just trying to get a feeling for -- just to quantify the lower revenues on the ships you've repositioned and what might happen next year in more normal itineraries. So you said that MENA has taken off 1.5% off group net revenue yields for the year, and those 300 repositioned cruises look to be around 6% of group capacity growth? I mean, I know it's very simple, but is it fair to say that you've lost broadly a quarter of the revenue of those ships? And if that's the case, in a more normal environment, would you expect some or all of that to come back next year?
Howard Frank: That kind of analysis, I can't do that quickly.
Beth Roberts: I'm going to work on that one. Why don't we go on, and I'll come back to that one.
Howard Frank: Okay, we will get back to you on that, yes.
Micky Arison: One of the problems we have is, you're right, that we have isolated MENA to the itinerary changes. But there is a domino impact of MENA that we are treating separately. And I just described one of the domino impacts earlier when dumping in certain markets. But we're unable to quantify that. So the way we quantify MENA is just those itineraries and those ships that were impacted by those itineraries.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: Okay, well, that sort of answers the question then. And then the other question was is there any more color you can give us on trading in the last 6 weeks? I see all customer deposits at the period end were up pretty sharply year-on-year, but are there any other trends in the last 6 weeks or just solid demand across the board?
Howard Frank: It's been strong across-the-board, stronger at better pricing at higher prices in our North American brands and stronger at lower prices for certain of our European brands that are trying to fill their ships, especially the Southern Europe brands. But overall, the volumes have been strong, which is very encouraging.
Micky Arison: When you're talking deposits, are you comparing May to November?
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: No, May to May.
Micky Arison: May to May. Okay, we don't have that in front of us.
David Bernstein: Yes, it's probably up about $400 million May to May.
Micky Arison: It is strong, yes, but that's always a nice indicator.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Rennardson of Jefferies.
Ian Rennardson - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. Have the events in MENA altered your thinking regarding the dividend and possibly any share repurchases? And if so, in what way? That's the first question. The second question is that can we get the Mediterranean into context? You mentioned Israel as being a place that people didn't want to go to. I am assuming you didn't do anything in Libya? What other ports did people have an aversion to? And that's it.
Micky Arison: If I can just add one thing to Jamie's question, part of that customer deposit issue is currency.
Beth Roberts: And FX.
Micky Arison: You have currency benefit that affects the advanced ticket deposit balance sheet account. I don't know if -- you guys want to respond to that? I think Libya was different in that Egypt was a key port of call. Libya became a marketing issue because of the adverse publicity of the amount of military activity occurring extremely close. When I say military, I'm talking naval ships, missile carriers, helicopters in the vicinity of South of France and Italy. And whether that is a pleasant area to cruise around when you have that kind of activity on the front page of every Italian newspaper, every French newspaper, every Spanish newspaper. So it's quite different than calling in Alexandria. You're right, we had very few calls in Libya. We did have some, by the way, prior to this event, but very few. But it was that impact that we hadn't taken into account in March because the bombing had just started to occur a few days before, and the impact of the publicity hadn't been felt yet.
Howard Frank: Yes, I mean, the other country affected is Tunisia. We have quite a few calls in Tunisia, and we had to stop doing that as well.
Ian Rennardson - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, and on the balance sheet and the dividend here?
David Bernstein: Yes, dividend and share repurchase, I don't think MENA has any real long-term impact when we're thinking about the dividend and share repurchase. That's a long-term strategy. We're still committed to returning the excess free cash flow to shareholders. As a result to MENA, maybe we have a few dollars left to return. But it doesn't change the long-term strategy and our thought process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Egger of Forecastle Research.
Brian Egger - Harris Nesbitt: Just as a point of clarification relative to your preannouncement on June 13, because I think you had identified $0.15 from the operating itinerary changes and $0.05 from fuel and FX, and it would appear that in the last week, with fuel having backed up a little bit, that maybe you got a little bit of that effect in terms of fuel costs back. So I just wanted to know if, just a point of clarification, if your guidance today reflects any of that change in the last 10 days or so?
David Bernstein: Yes, it was just basically we updated for fuel and currency, and so that $0.05 went away. Everything else pretty much stayed the same.
Micky Arison: Yes, our announcement would have had a $0.20 drop in our forward guidance, and in effect -- in fact, we wound up with a $0.15, and the only difference was the update in fuel and currency.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from David Liebowitz of Horizon Kinetics.
David Liebowitz - : Briefly, what is the impact of the Mexican situation? I noticed that Princess is moving out of at least one of their ports in Mexico?
Micky Arison: Yes, that's just happened -- go ahead, Howard. Yes, you can go ahead, Howard.
Howard Frank: I mean, Mexico, there are some problems spots. But generally, Mexico seems to be okay. Certainly, east coast of Mexico doesn't seem to be a problem at all right now. West coast seems -- occasionally, something comes up, but our sailings are doing okay so far. So we've got -- I think there has been some reduced capacity in the Southern California market, so that's been helpful. So we seem to be okay in Mexico.
Micky Arison: Princess announced yesterday a cancellation of Puerto Vallarta. That just happened yesterday. As I said, I was in Barcelona, so I don't have the details of what happened. But in reality, while we have had cancellations primarily in Mazatlan, we have not had any issue with any passenger in that location. So hopefully, if we can get the State Department to clarify their warnings, since ports have not really been impacted -- but I think Princess was reacting more to the State Department. But again, it just happened yesterday, and I really can't give you a whole lot of color on it right now.
David Liebowitz - : And the second question, if the earnings come in, in that $2.40 to $2.50 range that you gave guidance on today, what number should we be using as our baseline starting 2012 if we add all the one-off items back into the number?
Howard Frank: I thought that's what you're supposed to do?
David Liebowitz - : Well, once you've given guidance, Howard, we're not embarrassed to ask for further guidance.
Howard Frank: I dont know, I mean, there are so many -- there are several one-offs here, and we have to take a look at it. Look, when you look at the whole year, what happened in 2011, fuel has been the major driver to the reduced guidance, and it depends on where you price fuel. But if you price fuel where it is today and we're off to a relatively good start in 2012, I think you have to look at -- 2012, I think you need a base here. I think you look at 2012 as a fresh start, so to speak. But you note the yield guidance we took down as a result of MENA. You can factor some of that in and then some of the one-offs, but that's it.
David Bernstein: The biggest item is the 1.5 points of yield guidance relating to MENA.
Micky Arison: But then you're going to have to be the economist to tell us what GDP will be in Europe and what GDP will be in the United States, and maybe we'll give you some more guidance.
Howard Frank: I mean, we're greatly encouraged by what's happening in North America despite what everybody says is a struggling economy. Our business seems to be pretty good right now, which is a major, major positive and somewhat surprising. I think people may have delayed their vacation decisions, and we're starting to see that now during wave season. We're starting to see people coming back into the market, both here and in Europe. I think a lot of that is going on. The people will take their vacations though.
David Bernstein: And we'll go through that whole process, David, and we'll give you our guidance in December, taking all those events into account.
Micky Arison: What was interesting is that at -- who knows what will be happening in the Middle East over the next 6 months? But the reality is, prior to the demonstrations in Tunisia and in Cairo, despite a huge industry capacity increase in Europe, our advanced bookings prior to all that happening were very, very strong and very encouraging on all brands. So you would hope that we would go back to that kind of booking level. But of course, it's all subject that things, at some point, settle down and these governments either get changed or whatever, that theres some sort of resolution to these issues.
Howard Frank: Just taking -- I mean, this is more anecdotal than anything else, but Seabourn, which has struggled the last couple of years as it expanded capacity, now just took on a third ship 2 weeks ago, and Micky was there for the naming ceremony last night. And their business has really come back nicely. And that's at the really luxury end of the market. So we're very encouraged by what we're seeing even at the luxury end. So the premium luxury cruises and even the contemporary products in North America, the demand is very strong right now. So we're very encouraged.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Thomas of Nomura.
Nicholas Thomas - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I think the impression that I think youre going to be giving is very much that the MENA impact that youre seeing this year is very much down to the short notice at which you had to make redeployments across your fleet. In that regard, I wonder whether you could just sort of talk a little bit about planning for next year? Obviously, you have already indicated that you've made some redeployments into the first quarter of next year, but probably not beyond that. Is that sort of how you're going to look at this, a sort of maybe a 6 to 9 months ahead of sailings, youll look to make decisions based on the environment that you can see at that point in time? And maybe sort of 3 months from now, youll probably have an update for us on how you might be thinking about the second quarter for next year?
Micky Arison: Well, we'd love to be able to make these decisions prior to getting into the peak booking curves for these periods, and that didn't happen this year. On the other hand, events have an impact on our decisions as well. As you know, Egypt has called for elections in September, and the impact of those elections will either be very positive or not, and that could obviously affect the decisions. So you have the combination of trying to make your decisions far enough out so you're outside the peak booking curve so you don't have the disruption from a booking point of view. On the other hand, you do have to deal with events as they occur and try to understand what's happening on the ground.
Operator: The next question comes from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: A couple of quick questions, I think most everything has been answered. But I know you are encouraged by North America relative to what's happening for the European and Asian and Australian brands. But I'm just curious, given how concerned people are on the street, is North America as good as you had expected when you entered the year?
Howard Frank: I think so. I mean, we had a period, a low, I think, earlier. And then we've picked up nicely. I think the only area that I think that is a little bit disappointing, but it's also the MENA effect, is the European business for the North American brands, which started off very, very strong and then seemed to have tapered off during this period of the political unrest. And so we lost a little bit of momentum. But the impact of that, to be honest with you, is not all that significant in the overall numbers. Alaska is much better than thought, Caribbean's coming in just fine as David indicated. I mean, bookings have been strong. Exotic bookings, world cruises, all of that seems to be quite good, yes.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, and then just one follow-up question. There were a lot of questions on potentially redeploying some of the Mediterranean cruises next year. Even though the Med's down, I'm just wondering, is this still higher yielding than other potential regions that you would redeploy to if the issues persist in the Middle East and North Africa?
Howard Frank: Well, those decisions are -- those are revenue management decisions based on what the people who are studying the various itineraries and what they can -- what kind of revenues and yields they can bring to the total revenue picture. And so I don't think we're in a position to tell you specifically where revenue is better in one trade versus another trade. They make those decisions whether they go to North Europe, whether they go to the Caribbean, whether they go Eastern Med, whether they go Western Med, whether they go to South America. It is very complicated, and it's not -- there's no easy answer to that other than they look to optimize their revenue by going into those itineraries and those trades that will give them the best possible revenue yield. I should also say this though, that often, the decision on revenue yield, it's not just solely a revenue yield decision, it's an operating income decision for that particular program so that they look at fuel costs as well in terms of coming down to an operating margin that makes the most sense. So they tend to look at the operating margin first and then revenue yield as a function of that more. So that's what's more focused on.
Howard Frank: Yes, I think we can wrap it up now, Tina.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect all lines. Thank you and have a good day.
David Bernstein: Thanks, everybody.
Micky Arison: Thanks, everybody.
Howard Frank: Goodbye.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-03-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Carnival Plc and Senior Vice President of Carnival Plc Howard Frank - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Committee Micky Arison - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co Richard Lyall Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Nick Thomas - ABM Amro Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley Rachael Rothman-Ould - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Carnival Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank: Good morning, everyone. This is Howard Frank. With me this morning is Micky Arison, our Chairman and CEO; Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations; and David Bernstein, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to continue our normal presentation this morning, and I'm going to have David take you through the first quarter color and some details.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that some of the remarks on this conference call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also all of my references to revenue and cost will be in local currency unless otherwise noted, as this is a much better indicator of business trend.  For the first quarter, our earnings per share were $0.19. The first quarter came in at the high end of our December guidance, which was $0.15 to $0.19 per share. The $0.02 per share improvement versus the midpoint of our December guidance was driven primarily by $0.04 of favorability in a variety of cost areas, partially offset by higher-than-expected fuel prices which cost an additional $0.02.  Now let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 5% for the first quarter, with substantially all of the increase coming from our European, Australian and Asian brands, or as we call them, our EAA brands. Our EAA brands grew 11% while our North American brands grew 2%.  Our net revenue yields increased 2% in the first quarter, driven by a net ticket yield increase of 3%. Our EAA brands were up 9% as a result of yield improvements in South America. The South American market has rebounded nicely from last year's challenging season, which was impacted by significant increases in industry capacity.  Our North American brands were down 1%, driven by lower yields in the Caribbean due to higher industry capacity, which we discussed on the last conference call, and is limited to winter deployment. In net onboard and other yields, we experienced a 1% decline. The decrease resulted from favorable items we recognized in the first quarter of last year related to minimum guarantee payments for calendar year 2009 and a litigation settlement. We mentioned these items during the first quarter conference call last year. If we normalize the prior year for these items, net onboard and other yields for the first quarter would have been up 3%.  On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per available lower berth day were up 3% versus the prior year. However, if you exclude the gain on the sale of P&O Cruises' Artemis, which reduced net cruise costs last year by $44 million, the net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per ALBD would have been in line with the prior year. Fuel prices this quarter were up 9%, and that cost us about $0.05 per share.  In summary, we were pleased with the first quarter EPS of $0.19, which is up from last year's adjusted EPS of $0.12 before the favorable impact of $0.10 of unusual items.  Now turning to our 2011 outlook. I will skip -- the full year outlook. I'll skip the net revenue yields, as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, for the full year, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per ALBD are forecasted to be flat to up 1%. This guidance is about 0.5 percentage point higher than we forecasted in December. We're seeing some more inflationary pressures than we thought in crew travel, food cost, freight and other areas. Most of these items are simply a function of rising fuel and commodity prices. However, our current guidance for interest expense, taxes and depreciation is lower, which balances out the additional inflationary pressures.  One final note. I wanted to share with you our current rules of thumb about the impact that current fuel prices and currency can have on our results. To start with, a 10% change in the price of fuel for the remaining three quarters of 2011 represents a $0.22 per share impact. With respect to FX movement, a 10% change in all currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, also for the remaining three quarters of 2011, would also impact our P&L by $0.22 per share.  At this point, I will turn the call back to Howard.
Howard Frank: Thank you, David. Taking a look at the overall booking picture for the remainder of 2011. On a fleet-wide basis, occupancies are slightly lower than a year ago on a 5% increase in cruise capacity for the next three quarters. Ticket pricing for these bookings are nicely higher than last year.  Looking at this picture by major markets, North American occupancy is slightly behind last year, with nicely higher pricing. Bookings for Europe, Asia or Australia, or EAA, are also slightly behind last year at higher prices. So that is the snapshot of the fleet-wide bookings status for 2011 as it stands today.  Turning to booking patterns since the start of the year. On a fleet-wide basis, bookings have been running higher year-over-year at higher prices. In North America, wave bookings have paced the increased North America capacity with solid increases in year-over-year pricing.  In EAA, bookings have also been higher during this wave period at approximately the same year-over-year prices, but the booking pace has lagged the 8.6% capacity increase for the period. EAA bookings and pricing during this period have been affected by the recent disruptions in the European brands, the Middle East and North African itineraries for the remainder of the year. As a result of political unrest in that area of the world, there was significant slowdown in demand for these itineraries with the related effect on booking volumes and pricing. Over 280 cruises had to be reset, and we estimate the cost of this disruption to our business will be approximately $44 million of lost revenue or about $0.05 a share for the year.  So summarizing the booking pattern during the wave season so far, demand for our cruises continues to be strong. At this time, stronger in North America than in the EAA markets. The EAA brands, in particular Costa and Ibero Cruises, have felt the effects of the political unrest in the Middle East and North Africa and the related disruptions to their itineraries which visit these countries.  In terms of our revised guidance for 2011, the effect of the increase in fuel prices has cost us $355 million or $0.45 per share. Currency exchange rates have benefited us by $0.09 per share, and the cost of disruption in the itineraries which call on the Middle East and North Africa is approximately $0.05 a share. These factors have caused us to take our earnings guidance down for 2011 to a range of $2.55 to $2.65 a share or a midpoint of $2.60.  Now some color on each of the quarters. Fleet-wide capacity in the second quarter of 2011 will be 5% higher, 2.9% in North America, France and 8.6% for EAA brands. On a fleet-wide basis, occupancies are at approximately the same levels as last year, and local currency pricing is higher than a year ago. At this juncture, we have only a small amount of inventories left to sell in the second quarter.  North American brands are 55% in the Caribbean, with the balance in various other itineraries. Currently, pricing for North American brands in the second quarter is higher than a year ago, with occupancies at the same levels. Caribbean pricing has shown improvement from the first quarter and is down only slightly from last year's second quarter Caribbean prices. Pricing for the various other North American brand itineraries, including shoulder Alaska and Europe seasons and most other itineraries, is higher than a year ago.  For EAA brands, they are 54% in European itineraries, up slightly from a year ago, with the balance in various other itineraries. Local currency ticket pricing for EAA-brand cruises in Europe is slightly higher than a year ago. Pricing for EAA brands vary. Its other itineraries taken together is also slightly higher than last year.  From an overall standpoint, to summarize the second quarter, we are forecasting that fleet-wide local currency revenue yields will be higher for both North America and EAA brands. Booking momentum and pricing, particularly for EAA brands, slowed somewhat during the wave season as a result of the political unrest that I previously discussed, notwithstanding the voyage disruptions resulting from the political unrest. We are forecasting European brand yields to be higher than a year ago, but not as high as we originally expected.  Second quarter guidance is affected, as following. Fleet-wide revenue yields on a local currency basis for the second quarter are now expected to be 1.5% to 2.5% higher than a year ago. This is slightly lower than our early expectations, largely as a result of the itinerary disruptions I previously referred to. Fuel price increases are expected to result in $140 million, or $0.18 per share, of higher fuel cost compared to the second quarter of 2010. Costs other than fuel are forecasted to be higher in the 2% to 3% range for the quarter due to a variety of factors, some of which David previously discussed and described in the first quarter.  Taking all of these factors together, second quarter 2011 earnings guidance will be in the range of $0.20 to $0.24, down from $0.32 per share in the second quarter of 2010.  Now turning to the third quarter. Capacity in the third quarter is expected to increase by 4.8%, 3.4% in North America and 7.2% for EAA brands. Third quarter booking patterns are progressing quite well, with fleet-wide pricing well ahead of last year at lower occupancies. The North American brand capacity for the third quarter was 36% in the Caribbean, down slightly from 41% last year. 25% in Europe, an increase from 17% last year, which is almost a 50% increase, or about a 50% increase. And 23% in Alaska, which is about the same as last year.  Pricing for all North American brand itineraries in the third quarter is well ahead of last year, with particularly higher occupancy than pricing in this year's Alaska season. Pricing for North American brands in Europe is also ahead of last year at lower occupancy, which was not surprising, given the approximate 50% increase in European capacity for our North American brands in the summer.  Caribbean pricing for the third quarter is higher than a year ago, also on lower occupancies. This is a refreshing change for our Caribbean programs, given the challenges we've had during the first and second quarter.  For EAA, brand capacity is 88% in European itineraries. The EAA pricing is nicely ahead of last year at slightly lower occupancies, notwithstanding the challenges resulting from the political unrest in the Middle East and North Africa. As mentioned earlier, the EAA bookings in the last five to six weeks have been challenging, with some booking momentum lost as a result of the itinerary issues in this region of the world. Now that itineraries for these cruises have been reestablished and are in the marketplace, we believe the booking momentum will start to pick up again.  On overall basis, we are forecasting fleet-wide pricing for the third quarter to be up nicely for both North America and EAA business segments.  For the fourth quarter, on a fleet-wide basis, capacity is up 5.9%, 3.3% for North America brands and 10.1% for EAA brands. Pricing on a fleet-wide basis is nicely higher year-over-year, with a similar pattern to the third quarter. Occupancies are lower than last year, which is also consistent with the pattern that we are experiencing in the third quarter.  Fourth quarter booking picture is encouraging, but it's early in the booking cycle, so I caution not to read too much into the fourth quarter booking picture at this time. North American brands are 42%, and the Caribbean, down from 50% last year; 14% in Europe, up from 9% last year; and 10% in Orient and Pacific cruises, which is about the same as last year.  Pricing across North American brand itineraries is running higher than last year at slightly lower occupancies across the fleet. EAA brands at 72% in Europe, up from 65% last year, with the balance in various other itineraries. Pricing for European cruises is nicely higher year-over-year, with pricing for the various other itineraries taken together also higher on a year-over-year basis.  Occupancies are lower for European itineraries, which is not surprising, given the 20% increase in European brand deployment for the fourth quarter. While it's still early to have a more precise picture for fleet-wide fourth quarter pricing, on a fleet-wide basis, we are currently forecasting that local currency revenue yields will be nicely higher in the fourth quarter.  And so that kind of summarizes what the yield outlook for the remainder of the year looks like at the current time. And with that, I'll turn it back to -- Kyle, I'll turn it back to you for questions from the people that have called in.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the commission structure that you're debuting in the U.K. And to the extent that the purpose is to get a little bit of control back over pricing and discounting and things like that, can you talk about why that wouldn't work in the U.S. as well?
Micky Arison: The U.K. policy has been put together by the U.K. brands to compensate for the heavy rebating that had become institutionalized in the U.K., and the belief was with lower pricing by the brands and the lower commission level, they could turn the tide of the rebating. It's something that, I think, is not an issue in the U.S. the way it used to be and has been dealt with in the U.S. in different ways. So I think you have to look at the U.K. as a unique market where the brands felt that they had to get control of their pricing and took this kind of action. I think in the long run, they believe, and I think the major retail travel agents that they've negotiated and talked to believe, that this will be in the best interest of everybody. But you shouldn't look beyond the U.K. It's not a model that we'll be looking at anywhere else
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Could you also talk just a little bit more about the charges in the Middle East and North Africa relative to what markets you had to pull itineraries out of and maybe where you're putting those ships in new itineraries?
Howard Frank: I mean, we pulled out of just all North African stops, in Tunisia and Morocco and Egypt, and we've pulled out of -- actually, in some cases, we've had to pull out of Israel because we got a lot of resistance. We haven't done it in all cases. But people are just concerned about going to that part of the world, and we've kind of -- I don't know all the details, over 280 different cruises that were redone, but a lot of the calls are now calls going into that part of the Eastern Mediterranean, but they're going to ports in Turkey and perhaps Cyprus and the Greek islands and things along those lines.
Micky Arison: What Howard just said was primarily the European brands, primarily Costa and Iberocruceros. The reaction of the North American brands has been more muted, and they have a lot less calls in those countries as well. Canceling Tunisia was a relatively small change in the itineraries, but canceling -- obviously, canceling Egypt and some other areas near Egypt created total itinerary changes, again, primarily for Costa and Iberocruceros. This really didn't affect North America anywhere near as much as it affected Europe.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Could you just talk a little bit about the customer reaction to these itinerary changes? It seems like that they're just holding back because they didn't know what your itinerary was going to be, but now that the itineraries have been set, you should be able to more effectively sell them. Is that the impression that you are getting too? And then, secondly, the pricing seems to be very good, seems to continue to be very good, although you mentioned a couple times that your occupancy might be a little light. Is this just a strategic move, given the pent-up demand for travel amongst consumers that you're better off holding these prices here and then filling them in as you get closer to booking?
Micky Arison: I think on the changes for the Middle East itineraries, I think there's too much noise right now for us to tell. Obviously, as itineraries change, passengers decide whether they want to go on the new itinerary or not or want to change their mind and go on a different itinerary. And so there's a lot of booking canceling going on, so it's very hard to really judge exactly the total impact. But we're hopeful that once -- now that all the itineraries are out there and people understand it, that, that will settle down and we'll go back to a normal booking pattern. As far as pricing for the summer, yes. I think because we've been able to achieve higher prices, we have been holding out for those higher prices, and that's why you're seeing a little bit lower occupancies to compensate for those higher prices. But that's versus last year. We obviously filled last year, and the feeling is that we can hold out for the prices and still fill this year.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just one final quick question, which is dividend, share buyback, cash flows are going to be very significant over the next couple of years. Could you just give us your latest thoughts, acknowledging that you just did raise your dividend a few months ago?
David Bernstein: Yes, well, you're right. We do anticipate good cash flows over the next couple of years. For 2011, we expect to have free cash flow of about $1 billion. And given that we raised the dividend in January, the dividend in this year would be $700 million. So there isn't that much significant extra cash flow this year. Only $300 million. And going forward in '12 and beyond, as we said before, it is a board decision. And as we move forward, we will discuss that with the board, whether it be share buybacks, more dividends or anything else.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Micky, I'll direct this one to you. In this fuel environment, have you been rethinking the fuel hedging philosophy at all for the company?
Micky Arison: I'll defer that one to Howard.
Howard Frank: Well, obviously, we've had a good deal of discussions internally about it, and what we decided to do is take another fresh look at hedging strategies and whether we really think it makes sense for the business on a long-term basis. With the significant hit we're taking for 2011, we thought it incumbent upon us to take another look at it. As you know, in the past, we've stated that we don't think it has any real long-term benefit to the business. There's a cost associated with doing an accounting hedge type of program of some consequence. The cost, we'd like to avoid. Nonetheless, we've kind of huddled and just said, okay, let's take another look at it again, just to see how things -- whether our views have changed and whether there are other factors which would suggest that we should change our view.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: So you're in the process of doing that now?
Howard Frank: Yes, we're starting that now. Right after this earnings call. No, we've had the discussion. We're doing -- it takes quite a bit of work, so we've asked our treasury department to go ahead and start to gather data and look at empirical evidence and forward-looking fuel curves and see whether anything makes sense for us.
Micky Arison: I will add that this is not the first review. We've done this many times, and you know the conclusions that we came to. So I wouldn't prejudge what conclusions we will come to again. But you shouldn't take for granted that we haven't done this many times.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Well, that's good. And then Howard, so you gave us a lot of color about how the political unrest in the Middle East is affecting the momentum in the EAA business. Wondering if -- is there any of the EAA itineraries that aren't in that region? Maybe you could just give it -- because I thought you said that 54% of the capacity was actually in Europe. I don't know if you were including that as the itinerary. I was just wondering if you are seeing a slowing in momentum in the EAA brands for the non-Middle Eastern-type of itineraries? And then similarly, I'm just wondering what the momentum has been on the North America demand for Europe? And then have you seen any change in demand trends for the North American consumer in general?
Howard Frank: Yes. On the EAA cruises, a lot of those itineraries get -- are either one, in some cases, maybe two calls, in Mediterranean ports and then they go further south to North African ports. We haven't been able to -- there's so much noise in the booking patterns for these brands right now for their Mediterranean and Eastern Mediterranean cruises. And we haven't dissected the information in a way that -- what didn't call there, what did call there, and how are the bookings for those particular itineraries that didn't call there? We really haven't done that work, but our view is that a large part of what we're seeing is relating to that kind of noise. I also think, and I can't speak for the European consumer, but places like Libya and Egypt and Tunisia are a lot closer to Southern Europe, and I think, perhaps in the minds of Europeans, that there may be some caution in what they're doing. But I don't think there's very much of that, but I think there may be something entering. But we haven't really done the work to know, to be honest with you.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And what about the momentum for the North American consumer? Have you seen that change at all?
Howard Frank: No, not really. Demand in North America has been pretty solid since wave season, both for European cruises, Alaska cruises and other kinds of itineraries. So demand seems to be pretty solid. I would say, if you look at it from premium brands versus contemporary brands, we're seeing, I think, pretty good strength in those premium brands, where, for longer cruises, European programs, Alaska programs and for Caribbean programs, it's good. But I think that we'll see a lot of the yield improvement that we're expecting to come from those areas where we received good historical demand for those types of cruises from the North American market.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. Because there's some concern that higher fuel costs are affecting the North American consumer to -- airline ticket prices to be affecting the demand, and you're not seeing that?
Howard Frank: Well, we do hear about the high ticket prices, but -- and it could be that the strong Alaska season is really quite strong. Maybe people saying, well, instead of going to Europe this summer, I'll go to Alaska because the air cost is lower. But really, we don't know that. All we know is European business is good. Now we'll be running behind in occupancies, but we've had this huge increase in capacity in Europe, and our competitors have had huge capacity increases. Our North American competitors have had huge increases in capacity in Europe. But the absolute numbers of bookings are quite good for Europe.
Micky Arison: And decline to occupancy is modest compared to increase in capacity, so we're still very bullish on this summer in both Europe and Alaska.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall with John W. Bristol.
Richard Lyall: So I believe David said that you've got offsets in lower D&A taxes and interest expense for the year? Could you walk through why that is?
David Bernstein: Sure. So this is, again, versus our December guidance and -- for instance, in D&A, some of the brands were a little bit aggressive about when they would put some of those maintenance CapEx items into service. And so we saw some favorability in the first quarter, and we reevaluated that, and we flowed that through for the year. It's just the timing of when things go into service. As far as the interest expense is concerned, again, we saw favorability in the first quarter, and we flowed that and some more through the year. For things like -- we went back to a few banks. We asked them to lower the interest rate on some of our loans because, quite honestly, margins have come in over the last year or so. We're using the CP market more aggressively, which is cheaper than our revolver. And so we took that in. And we also reevaluated our income taxes. We had a pretty substantial increase in our income tax expense from 2010 to 2011 in our December guidance. And now that we've got a little bit more experience during the first quarter and have a better picture of the year, we just evaluated that. We took it down, but we still are up versus the prior year in terms of income taxes. So all of that, as I said before, kind of offset some of the inflationary pressures in cruise costs.
Richard Lyall: Okay, that's helpful. A couple of, I guess, itinerary questions. Are you seeing stronger demand in Alaska and maybe Northern Europe as a result of the dislocations in Northern Africa? And then kind of a related question. Caribbean improving for the first time in really quite some time. Do you think you really turned a corner there in terms of supply and demand?
Micky Arison: First, your comments on Alaska. Alaska has been strong already for a while for this year, prior. I think I could say bookings were strong well before the issues in the Middle East came up. So while the situation -- uncertainty in the Middle East could, in effect, help Alaska, I think the trend was in place well before, so I don't -- it's not one created the issue for the other. I think Alaska, based on the agreements we reached with the governor last year, lower head taxes and much higher marketing spend by the state of Alaska has really helped. Plus, obviously, capacity's down versus the peak. So the combination of those things, I think, really helped Alaska. So Northern Europe, I don't know. I think we're doing well, but I don't think it's any different than the rest of Europe.
Howard Frank: Well, I think we're doing well in Northern Europe. I don't know that we know -- it's hard to know why. We don't do any polling on it and know what our customers are thinking. But we know they're booking -- it is booking well.
Micky Arison: But we know that trend was in effect before the Middle East situation.
Howard Frank: Yes, it's been going on for a while. On the Caribbean side, I mean, typically, there is a lot less Caribbean capacity in the summer. And we have a little bit less, so -- I mean, I think that the Caribbean pricing is holding up a lot better.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Most of my questions have been answered. I guess just to sort of parse one answer a little more finely. When you talked about the slowdown that you've seen in recent weeks, would you say, particularly the EAA brands, would you say that, that is sort of continuing to deteriorate, or has that fairly stabilized now, in other words, versus what it might have been kind of two weeks ago?
Micky Arison: The problem with answering the question is that what happens when you change 200 itineraries is you have a lot of people changing that. I'm referring to primarily Costa and Ibero, so you don't think this is a global issue. You get a lot of churn. So you get a lot more bookings, but they're coming off people who'll change their mind and cancel one itinerary to get on another itinerary. So it creates a difficult -- until it settles down, it's difficult to gauge what's going on. I can say this much is, historically, weve found that Europeans believe their vacations are very important to them. And if they have chosen to take a cruise to the Holy Land and have now canceled because of these issues, we believe that eventually, theyll get rebooked on Costa and Iberocruceros if they're from places like Italy, France and Spain because these people will take their vacation. So right now, there's a lot of churn going on. It's difficult to tell exactly what the bottom line effect -- we tried to estimate it. We estimated it at $44 million, we'll see. But for the next few weeks -- because these itineraries changes only were announced...
Beth Roberts: Monday.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: If you look at maybe just your U.K. brands and AIDA as maybe more representative of demand outside of just...
Micky Arison: Both brands are booking quite well. Very little issue. Almost no issue at all.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: And so even in the last few weeks, that hasn't -- the slowdown was really specific to the Costa and Ibero?
Micky Arison: That's why I tried to -- Ibero and Costa, with heavy emphasis on Northern Africa and Middle East itineraries. Even AIDA and U.K. and North America that had those in the itineraries don't seem to be anywhere near its impact.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: A couple of quick questions. I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into the sequential increase from the first quarter to the second quarter in your cost. And I'm trying to get a sense of whether or not the rebooking costs are really driving most of that increase. Because it would appear that for the balance of the year, the cost increases aren't quite as severe.
David Bernstein: Yes. When you take a look overall at the cost structure, we talked about costs being flat to up 1% for the year. But keep in mind that it does vary by quarter. There are seasonality differences. Advertising is a great example of seasonality differences. And one of the reasons why the second quarter is a bit higher is because they're projecting perhaps some more advertising expense over and above last year. And there are other things in repair and maintenance and drydock and crew travel which do have an impact by quarter. So we were flat for the first quarter on a normalized basis. As Howard indicated, we're up 2% to 3% for the second quarter. We were expecting the third quarter to be up and the fourth quarter to be down, and that's how we got flat to up 1% for the year. Again, there's lots of seasonalized differences between the quarters.
Howard Frank: This information that we pulled together here in Miami results from 10 different companies giving us their estimates of what their costs are going to be and, invariably, sometimes there are variances in terms of how it actually turns out in the past, and sometimes it's conservative. They tend to be, if anything, more on the conservative side and making sure they've covered their costs, so we'll see what happens.
Micky Arison: And I think -- and David has said this many times, is costs really can't be judged on a quarter-to-quarter basis. It really, because of timing differences and other things, you really have to look at it in a longer term, and annual basis is clearly better than quarter-to-quarter.
Howard Frank: But it has nothing to do with -- we don't think it has anything to do with rebooking of cruises.
Micky Arison: No.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. Then let me move on to my second question, which is related to the topic of fuel surcharges. I'm trying to get a sense of what level you believe surcharges warranted and could be acceptable to passengers?
Micky Arison: I don't think we can give you that. I think our position right now in North America is basically the same as the statements we've put out in the past. It's something that we always are looking at. But as of right now, we don't feel it appropriate.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rachael Rothman from Susquehanna.
Rachael Rothman-Ould - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Sorry, you gave out so many numbers so quickly, I may get this slightly wrong. But I guess if you could talk sequentially about the trends in net yield growth from the first quarter to the second quarter, I guess I would've expected a greater pick-up in the net yield growth, given the capacity growth in the Caribbean in the first quarter as the kind of motivation behind the 2% constant currency forecast. And then it sounded to me like in the second quarter, maybe you were saying it's because of supply growth in Europe and the North American brands. Am I understanding that correctly? Is it a supply shop...
Howard Frank: Rachael, Im talk even more slower the next time.
Rachael Rothman-Ould - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Sorry. It's like so much data at once. I really apologize.
Howard Frank: I fully understand. It can get a little bit confusing. Now what's happened -- what I did say about the second quarter is that we had expectations that yields would be higher for our EAA brands, and that has been impacted by these disruptions in itineraries in the second quarter. We had to actually move some ships out of Egypt that were two ships actually home [ph] doing turnarounds in Egypt, and we had to move them out to different itineraries. And that disruption caused some deterioration in yield for the second quarter. Maybe one point of yield for the company. One point of yield, so we're arranging -- we probably would've forecasted, without these disruptions, about a point higher than the 2% midpoint that you're seeing.
David Bernstein: It's also a little bit of an apples-and-oranges comparison, because the one benefit that we had in the first quarter that was substantial, that I talked about, was the South American market for our EAA brands, which was up quite a bit. So it's hard to compare. We went from -- it looks flat, but as Howard said, we would have been up in the second quarter.
Howard Frank: But that explains it.
Rachael Rothman-Ould - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: So I guess if you guys are saying that the second quarter would've been roughly about one percentage point higher, and you're taking the full year net yield guidance down by about half a percentage point, it seems like it becomes more dependent on the third quarter actually executing in order for you to hit even the revised net yield guidance? And when I combine that with your commentary surrounding higher prices yet lower occupancy, can you kind of clarify for us what gives you comfort that, that will actually come through, given that it's a market with, I guess, right now, pretty substantial geopolitical risk and a choppy booking window?
Micky Arison: First of all, you have to realize that a substantial amount of the business is already on the books at higher prices. So that gives us a great deal of comfort.
David Bernstein: The thing is you mentioned the one point in the second quarter. The Middle East and North Africa also was probably about a half a point in the third quarter. When you really average it out, I know it turns out to be a half a point for the year, because when Beth puts together the press release, she rounds everything to the nearest half a point, but it's really more of a third of a point for the full year. And so it just rounds to...
Howard Frank: Rachael, let me just say this. We do the best job we can in trying to forecast. But it is not an exact science, and it is subject to the vagaries of the marketplace and what can happen around the world. So when we give you guidance, it is really our best estimate based on what our brands tell us and how we see it, as we look at the numbers here in Miami, to make sure that we give guidance that we think is reasonable and what we normally are able to achieve. But it could be -- yes, can it be wrong? Sure.
Rachael Rothman-Ould - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: You guys do an actual excellent job with the guidance for sure. I guess maybe -- has your third quarter implied guidance changed at all? Maybe that's a better question to ask.
Micky Arison: Came down half a point primarily because of the Middle East -- entirely because of the Middle East. I should say also there's been some itinerary changes relating to Japan that we've tried to include in our numbers as well, but they were really small.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Just wondering if you're still comfortable with kind of that two to three new ships a year, and if you're hearing anything as you talk to other shipyards, just of maybe other cruise lines potentially accelerating capacity growth or kind of maintaining from here?
Micky Arison: Yes, we're comfortable with the two to three. That hasn't changed. Are we hearing stuff from other cruise lines?
Howard Frank: You hear a lot of noise, but you're never quite sure.
Micky Arison: Yes, we're hearing some noise.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Good. That's good to hear. And just in terms of some of your other brands and just kind of looking at sort of the higher-end versus the lower-end consumer, are you seeing some maybe trading up or vice versa right now as you kind of look across your fleet?
Howard Frank: Yes. I think I mentioned that in North America, I think the strength in the pricing seems to be more for the premium brands, less so, although improved pricing, for the contemporary brands and the contemporary products. So it looks like the higher-end consumer appears to be driving a lot of the strength from a pricing standpoint today.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: You don't think it's trading up, it's just the higher-end consumer -- more of them coming to book cruises, right?
Howard Frank: It's probably both, but I don't think we really know the answer to that question.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota with JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just had a quick one. Not to beat a dead horse here on demand, but as you look at the North American passenger base, I was just wondering if you could give us a sense of if you know how the booking window is looking for the second and third quarter. And then, also, I know you spoke of pricing, but is it more solid pricing on the premium stuff and less solid on the contemporary? Just go into a little more detail there.
Micky Arison: I think we've responded to that. Booking pattern is as we anticipated it a quarter ago. I mean, basically, the only adjustment we've made in yield is for the Middle East situation. So I would say it was more predictable than almost ever. We're basically exactly where we were three months ago as far as booking pattern. The expectation was for a good wave, and that's what we got. And so we continue to be very bullish about the third quarter and beyond.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva from Infinity Capital.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Just a follow-up, Micky. You just said Q3 and beyond. It looks that you have good visibility. Do you expect the same type of yield improvement in Q4 as you do in Q3? And I know it's still early on.
Howard Frank: This is Howard. We expect a strong yield improvement in -- based on everything we see right now, and what I commented on is that we still have a way to go in the booking pattern. It's still early in the booking pattern, but the pricing is strong for both North America and Europe right now for the fourth quarter. And probably we're hopeful of seeing similar yield improvement in the fourth quarter. That's really it. Even with these early patterns, I mean, even if you look out beyond 2011, and we have really early booking data and not all cruises are being sold and it's more long cruises and so on, if you look at Q1 2012, the booking data is encouraging as well from a pricing standpoint.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And for Q4, Caribbean pricing continues to be doing as nicely as it is in Q3 at this point?
Micky Arison: I will get -- Beth is scrambling right now, so we'll get back to you on that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: I was just wondering if you could talk a bit about your pricing model, maybe in relation to fuel. It's just an observation that fuel historically wasn't much of an issue for you or the industry. It's clearly a much more material component now of the cost base, and you didn't seem to be recovering this spike in price increases. So part [ph] of the question is, as industry leader, have you considered adopting maybe a more aggressive pricing strategy to immediately parse [ph] on the fuel prices, like maybe the airlines do, or maybe not pricing to fill as you have done historically?
Micky Arison: We price to maximize revenue and maximize profitability and not based on the price of fuel on any given day. So while obviously fuel is an issue, we have to price based on demand. And that's what we do, and we try to maximize yields. To go back to the prior question, Caribbean pricing is strong in the fourth quarter.
Beth Roberts: As much as the third.
Micky Arison: As much as the third, yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Two things, and this maybe -- I don't know if you have the data, given its so tight here to answer it or not, but given the military action that started with the UN here over the weekend, have you seen any data in the bookings from the brands, especially the EAA brands that would indicate that there is maybe some additional caution or shift with Costa or Ibero in particular?
Micky Arison: We definitely don't have any bookings to Libya.
Howard Frank: Tim, we have no information on that, honestly. It's just we get it weekly at the end of the weekend.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. That's what I thought you mean. There maybe two from that in the current set [ph] to have it. And then on the fuel supplement question, you do have some fuel supplements as you said before in the U.K. and in Germany. Are you looking at evaluating those and any of the other international itineraries, potentially South America, the Australia area, or do you have those already on in those markets?
Micky Arison: The laws and regulation in every country is different. Our brands individually make decisions based on geographical locations and based on the laws that are in those locations. As we've said, we have some brands in some countries doing fuel supplements. If we're not doing them, it's because the brand has decided either not to do them or they can't do them because of those laws or regulations. And rather than try to go country by country, just leave it at that. It's a very complicated set of issues. There's some countries where it's absolutely illegal. Some countries, it depends on the price at a given time versus the typed price that's printed on the brochure, et cetera, et cetera. So I'll just leave it that we're doing whatever we can to maximize revenue wherever we can.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And that's the underlying driver, maximize revenue and profitability first and foremost?
Micky Arison: Absolutely.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nick Thomas with Nomura.
Nick Thomas - ABM Amro: You've made it very clear that, I think, by far the biggest part of the Middle East/North Africa situation is relating to your European brands, such as Costa. Are you at all surprised that there maybe hasn't been more impact on the booking behavior from your U.S. clientele, given the proximity of those geographies to the Mediterranean?
Micky Arison: Actually, our North American brands have very few calls in that area. They don't have the kind -- you have to remember, Costa had four ships based in the Middle East, two in Dubai and two in the Red Sea. So it was clear that they had a -- plus weekly commitment to itineraries to the Eastern Med, including the Holy Land and Egypt. So it was a far greater problem for them. These North American brands only have occasional calls in the area, and so the impact was relatively small and the itinerary changes relatively easy to accomplish.
Nick Thomas - ABM Amro: But you're not seeing any impact on the sort of -- the propensity for American customers to cruise in the sort of wider Mediterranean area given its proximity?
Micky Arison: No, we haven't seen that all.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Starting with one quick one, you talked in the last call about breaking results out in four different categories, and I don't see that in this report. Is that coming later in the year?
David Bernstein: That comes in the Qs and Ks. So next week when we file our 10-Q, you'll see the segment information in the footnotes.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Terrific. And then a quick question about the differences you're seeing in customers from the luxury lines to the more mid-priced lines. Are you seeing differences in spending patterns in luxury versus mid-price? And are you seeing differences in spending patterns between North American and European brands to the extent you can separate the European brands from the confusion going on?
Micky Arison: I think we've said that the pricing on our premium brand is stronger than our contemporary brand.
David Bernstein: You're talking about spending onboard or ticket pricing?
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I was talking about onboard spend.
David Bernstein: Yes. I mean, in general, onboard spend is up across the board in all the brands. There really hasn't been significant changes in the different marketplaces. By category, most of the categories are up. We're still struggling a little bit in the casino and art, which is something we talked about over the last couple of years. But all the brands are up, and I don't -- there aren't any discernible differences by brand or by region.
Micky Arison: There are, but not year-over-year. Because, as we've said before, certain brands, certain geographies have far less onboard spend than others. But that's -- what David's saying is we're up across the board, but they are different by brand and demographic and...
Howard Frank: And the product itself.
Micky Arison: Yes.
Operator: And Mr. Frank, we have no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the conference back to you.
Howard Frank: Okay, great, Todd. Thank you all for calling in. And Beth is around, and she's looking forward to getting calls from those who have an interest in talking to her and getting more information than what we may have imparted to you on this call. Have a great day, everybody. Goodbye.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great rest of the day, everyone.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-12-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard Frank  Vice Chairman and COO David Bernstein  Senior Vice President, Finance and CFO Beth Roberts  Vice President, Investor Relations Micky Arison  Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein Assia Georgieva  Infiniti Research Robin Farley  UBS Steve Wieczynski  Stifel Nicolaus Harry Curtis  Nomura Kevin Milota  JP Morgan Tim Conder  Wells Fargo Ian Rennardson  Banc of America-Merrill Lynch Tim Ramskill  Credit Suisse Wyn Ellis  Numis Securities Greg Badishkanian  Citi Rachael Rothman  Susquehanna Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by. And welcome to the Carnival Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During this presentation all participants are in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded on Tuesday, December 21, 2010. Its now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer at Carnival Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank: Thank you, [Parma], and good morning, everyone. This is Howard Frank and with me here this morning in Miami is David Bernstein, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations; and Micky Arison, our Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Im going to comment on the outlook but before I -- 2011 outlook, but before I do that I am going to turn it over to David Bernstein to take you through the fourth quarter color and the cost outlook for 2011.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that some of the remarks in this conference call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary language in todays press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and costs will be in local currency unless otherwise noted as this is a much better indicator of business trends. For the fourth quarter our EPS was $0.31. The fourth quarter came in below the midpoint of our September guidance by $0.03 per share. The shortfall was caused by the previously announced $0.07 reduction in our fourth quarter EPS as a result of the voyage disruption, and it not been for the voyage disruption we would have exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $0.04 driven by higher revenue yields and favorable currency impacts each worth about $0.02 per, excuse me, per share. Now lets look at our fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 5% with substantially all of the increase coming from our European brands. Our European brands grew 10% while our North American brands only grew 1%. Our net revenue yields increased 3.9% in the fourth quarter driven by a net ticket yield increase of 4.6%. Yields on both sides of the Atlantic improved each growing over 4%. Our North American brands saw very nice yield increases in all itineraries except the Caribbean which was flat on higher capacity. Our European brands net ticket yields improved sequentially each quarter throughout the year and were better than we had expected in the fourth quarter. We were pleased with this performance given the uncertain economic environment, their 10% capacity increase and the fact that the European brands held up so well last year giving them more difficult prior year comparisons. For net onboard and other yields we saw 2% increase, which was in line with our expectations with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. So in summary, we were very encouraged by the fact that we saw growth on both sides of the Atlantic in both net ticket and net onboard and other revenue yields. On the cost side, net cruise costs per available lower berth day excluding fuel were up 1.6% versus the prior year. However, if you exclude the voyage disruption net cruise costs would have been down 1%. Fuel costs this quarter was 6% higher than last year and that cost us about $0.03 per share, while the stronger dollar resulted in lower recorded costs, overall the stronger dollar also translated into $0.03 lower EPS. So in summary, our EPS improved $0.07 this quarter driven by higher revenue yields despite the fuel, currency and voyage disruptions which had a combined negative impact of $0.13 per share. Looking back at the full-year 2010, our EPS was $2.47 which was $0.27 better than the midpoint of our original guidance that we gave one year ago of $2.10 to $2.30 per share. The $0.27 improvement was primarily driven by the 2 points of additional revenue yield and the 1.5 points of additional lower net cruise costs per ALBD. This was partially offset by the combined negative impact from currency and fuel of $0.25. In the end the economies on both sides of the Atlantic improved more than we had anticipated for 2010 driving revenue yields higher in both net ticket and net onboard and other. As Micky indicated in the press release, our cash from operations reached $3.8 billion, about $0.5 billion more than we expected last year at this time and more than enough to fund our expansion program which peaked this year with six ships at a capital investment of $3.6 billion. Before I turn to the 2011 outlook, I would like to update you on how our operations will be segmented in future SEC filings beginning with our 2010 10-K, which will be filed at the end of January. In the past we have reported our operations split into two segments, one was Cruise and the other was Tour and Other. Going forward, we will be splitting the Cruise segment into three parts for a total of four segments as follows. The first segment will be our North American brands which includes our four brands that primarily source their guests from North America. Those are Carnival Cruise Lines, Princess, Holland America and Seabourn. The second segment will be our European, Australian and Asian brands, which we will call EAA to keep things simple. EAA will include our other six brands, AIDA, Costa, Cunard, Ibero, P&O Cruises U.K. and P&O Cruises Australia. The third segment will be Cruise Support which will include our corporate cruise port facilities and cruise support services. The fourth segment will remain unchanged as Tour and Other, which principally includes our Holland America Princess Alaska tour operation. Given the increasing importance of our European brands, we felt that a further breakdown of our Cruise segment was appropriate. Now turning to the 2011 outlook, I will skip the net revenue yields as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side net cruise costs per available lower berth day for the full year and excluding fuel are forecasted to be flat. While we are seeing inflationary pressures in food costs, cotton prices and ocean freight rates, our ongoing cost containment programs, economies of scale and the generally low inflationary environment has allowed us to keep our forecasted costs flat. As fuel and currency are assumptions that impact our results, it should be noted that based on the current spot price for fuel, fuel prices are expected to have a $0.17 negative impact on our earnings next year, while currency is expected to help us by $0.04 per share. In addition, I wanted to share with you the current rules of sum about the impact of fuel prices and currency on our 2011 results. To start with a 10% change in the price of fuel represents $180 million or $0.23 per share impact on our P&L. The impact of a 10% change in fuel obviously moves along with the price of fuel. With respect to a 10% movement in FX, if all the currencies change relative to the U.S. dollar that would impact our P&L by $194 million or $0.24. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard Frank: Thank you, David. Let me provide some sort of an overview of what 2011 looks like, with four ships being delivered during 2011, fleetwide capacity will increase by 5.2%, 2.8% for our North American fleet and 9.1% for our cruise brands in Europe, Australia and Asia or as we now refer to it EAA. In my comments today if I mistakenly refer to Europe brands, I mean EAA brands unless of course, I really mean to refer to our Europe brands. To you get a little confused join the club. Its clear that the accountants won out on this one. New ship deliveries in 2011 include the AIDAsol to be delivered in late March to our Germany-based AIDA Cruises, Carnival Magic in late April, Seabourn Quest to be delivered in late May and the Costa Fabulosa to be delivered in late June. 2011 begins the first year of reduced ship additions to our fleet with a capacity increase of 5.2% compared to our 2010 fleet increase of 7.1%. Our estimated CapEx for 2011, including maintenance CapEx is $2.6 billion, down from the $3.6 billion of CapEx in 2010. Based on our 2011 earnings guidance we estimate operating cash flow for 2011 will be approximately $4 billion, resulting in free cash flow for the year of $1.4 billion. With the reduction of our ship additions in each of the next few years, we anticipate generating an even greater amount of free cash flow in 2012 and beyond. As we have previously indicated, we are planning a dividend increase to shareholders in 2011 and we anticipate making the announcement of the new dividend payout after our mid-January Board meeting. Now let me move on to the tone of business. At the present time across the company fleetwide ticket pricing for all business booked for 2011 is nicely ahead of 2010 with higher local currency pricing for both North America and EAA brands. Fleetwide occupancy levels are slightly lower than last year on a capacity adjusted basis, within the overall occupancy and pricing data there are variations in each of our markets and my comments later will include some of that color. Bookings taken quarter-to-date that is since our last earnings call, more or less covering the first three quarters of 2011 have been solid with a strong booking pace and local currency ticket pricing running nicely higher. Ticket pricing for North American brands has been running moderately higher year-over-year, nicely higher if we take out the softer Caribbean winter pricing. While Caribbean pricing on bookings for this period is moderately lower, prices for our other more significant North American brand itineraries, the Mexican Riviera, Alaska, Europe, et cetera are nicely higher. For EAA brands pricing quarter-to-date is also higher year-over-year, most EAA itineraries, including EAA winter Caribbean programs are showing good pricing improvement over last year. So its fair to say that the overall demand for cruises continues to be strong clearly evidencing that with the economic indicators turning positive that North America and European consumer confidence is returning. While we are pleased with booking trends and pricing, we are still not back to the pricing levels we enjoyed back in 2008. But I guess thats good news, since even at those -- at these 2011 expected pricing levels we are on track to achieve a significant increase in earnings per share this coming year, which now leaves me to our revenue yield forecast and earnings guidance for 2011. We have forecasted topline revenue growth of approximately 9% for 2011. This is comprised of the 5.2% increase in our capacity and 3.5% and 4.5% -- to a 4.5% increase in forecasted current dollar revenue yields and on a constant dollar basis that is 3% to 4%. Unit operating costs on a current dollar basis excluding fuel are forecasted to be flat to up 1% and assuming fuel at $527 a ton and currency exchange rates remain at current levels, we are guiding earnings per share in the range of $2.90 to $3.10 for the fiscal 2011 year. The increase in fuel prices in our guidance has a 17% and I think, David, indicated this before, negative impact on a year-over-year basis. Now, looking at the first quarter. Fleetwide capacity for the first quarter of 2011 is expected to be 5.1% higher, 1.7% for North American brands and 10.8% for EAA brands. On a fleetwide basis first quarter 2011 local currency pricing is higher versus 2010s first quarter with occupancies at the same level as last year. Last minute pricing on first quarter bookings has been strong versus last year and at this juncture we have only a small amount of inventory remaining to be sold to close out the quarter. Our North American brands, they are 67% in the Caribbean, up from 62% in the prior year with the balance in various other itineraries during this first quarter. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, winter Caribbean pricing is slightly lower a year ago on lower occupancies. Mexican Riviera pricing is nicely higher from the low levels of a year ago and pricing across all other itineraries taken together is higher. Taking all North American brand itineraries together, including the Caribbean pricing at the current time is at the same levels as last year. EAA brands are 22% in the Caribbean in the first quarter -- 21% in the Caribbean and 16% in South America with the balance in various other itineraries. Local currency ticket prices, of course, EAA brand itineraries including their Caribbean programs taken together is nicely higher year-over-year on higher overall occupancies. We continue to be pleased with booking patterns and pricing for all EAA brands which is being achieved despite the 10.8% increase in EAA capacity in the first quarter. On an overall basis based on the above for the first quarter, local currency basis we are and this is on a local currency basis. We are estimating that fleetwide revenue yields for the first quarter of 2011 will be higher in the 1.5% to 2.5% range, driven largely by strong increases in European brand pricing net perhaps a slight decline in North American brand pricing. Actually, we adjust first quarter 2010 local currency revenue yields for the $19 million benefit for the unexpected collection of two revenue items, the range of yield improvement would be almost 3% higher in the first quarter of 2011. Current dollar pricing at todays exchange rates is now forecasted to be slightly higher year-over-year and this is all in the first quarter. Unit costs excluding fuel for the first quarter on a local currency basis are expected to be higher by approximately 3% to 4% or 2% on a current dollar basis and fuel is forecasted at $526 per ton. The higher year-over-year first quarter costs largely results from last years first quarter costs being reduced by certain one-time gains. First quarter EPS into 2011 is expected to be in the range of $0.15 to $0.19 per share versus $0.12 per share in 2010, which Ive adjusted for the one-time gains which amounted to $0.10 per share last years first quarter. That includes the $0.02 per share for the revenue items Id previously referred to. Now turning to the second quarter. Fleetwide capacity in the second quarter of 2011 will be 4.8% higher, 2.5% in North America and 8.6% for EAA brands. On a fleetwide basis second quarter 2011 local pricing is higher on a year-over-year basis with occupancies slightly lower from the previous year. For North American brands they are 55% in the Caribbean with the balance in various other itineraries. Currently pricing for North American brands in the second quarter is higher than a year ago with occupancies currently slightly behind last year. Similar to the first quarter, Caribbean pricing is lower in the second quarter but improved from the first quarter. Pricing across all other North American brand itineraries taken together is higher year-over-year. EAA brands in the second quarter are 55% in Europe with the balance in various other itineraries. Similar to the first quarter, local currency ticket pricing for EAA brand cruises is running ahead year-over-year. Occupancies are slightly down from the prior year levels, which given the 8.6% increase in EAA capacity is not surprising. Booking picture for the second quarter on an overall basis of 2011 is progressing quite well and assuming no significant changes in current booking patterns we currently are forecasting that fleetwide local currency yields for the second quarter will be higher for both North America and EAA brands. On a fleetwide basis we are expecting local currency second quarter revenue yields to sequentially improve in the first quarter. Now turning to the third quarter of 2011. Capacity in the third quarter is expected to increase 5%, 3.6% in North America and 7.2% in EAA. Third quarter booking patterns are still in the early development, so I caution not to read too much into this information at this time. Having said that, early indications for the third quarter bookings are encouraging with fleetwide pricing well ahead year-over-year at slightly lower occupancies, North American capacity from third quarter is 36% in the Caribbean, 25% in Europe and 23% in Alaska. The balance of the capacity is in various other itineraries. Pricing for all itineraries combined is running well ahead of last year at lower occupancy. EAA brand capacity in the third quarter is 88% European itineraries. EAA pricing is running well ahead of last year and occupancy is in line with last year. So the pricing picture for the third quarter is quite good right now but there is still a considerable amount of third quarter inventory remaining to be sold. Much of the third quarters revenue picture will depend on the strength of 2011 wave season, but given the recent positive economic signs in the global economy, we are feeling optimistic that the 2011 wave season will be strong. And so that concludes my comments on the 2011 outlook. And with that, Parma, I will turn it back to you for questions.
Operator: Absolutely, sir. Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And Im please to say that our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Howard Frank: Good morning.
David Bernstein: Good morning.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays: Just a couple of questions, Howard, thank you for the detail there and the color. So having said that, Im just wondering with the entire industry shifting capacity to Europe in 11, including you, combined with the shaky economies, is there any concern that you have about the outlook that you just provided?
Howard Frank: Again, I think that the outlook I provided I think recognizes the significant increase in European capacity this coming summer season. So, no, not really, we have no concern about the outlook. We are pretty confident that with the outlook and we do think Europe may be a little bit more challenging but thats factored into our guidance right now.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays: Okay. Thats great to hear. And then for as long as I have covered this industry everybody has been talking about that one day when new supply growth might slow and now were finally at that point and now the conversations have shifted to, well, with supply growth slowing is there a risk of driving demand? So, Im just wondering if you can address that. In your mind as you and the rest of the industry is slowing your newbuild programs. Do you think that there is any, particularly in North America? Do you think that there is any kind of risk that that could actually hamper demand growth?
Howard Frank: You know, I think, its going to, actually be the reverse. I think if you think about it over the last several years we as an industry have added a huge amount of additional capacity. And in my mind, Im not sure everybody agrees with me, I think that capacity or supply has outstripped demand. Now its exacerbated by obviously the very difficult economies weve had during the last couple of years. I think if you believe the economic forecasters and we talk about a 3% to 4% growth in GDP in North America next year and getting back to some growth in Europe. I think the slowing capacity is a positive sign for us and I think demand will start to catch up with the capacity that we have added over the last several years. So I think its a sign that we should see some good growth in ticket prices as we go forward. And I think that is what we are forecasting for this year. I think it might even be better in 2012 and beyond.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays: Great. And then just with these rising fuel prices and obviously its diluting your earnings growth, any chance of reinstating a fuel surcharge?
David Bernstein: Our position on that has not changed at this point.
Howard Frank: No. I dont, I think if, it  when you have these huge fast spikes its easier to perhaps justify the fuel surcharge. I dont see that in the cards though not based on where we see fuel for this year.
David Bernstein: Weve put out a position on that and if that position changes well put out another statement. But we put out a statement January 7, 10, is that right? So since that time our position hasnt changed. And for follow-up questions wed like to limit it to two questions per person if we can.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And thank you, continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear from Sanford C. Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you. In 2011 you have three new ships coming on that are all fairly recent design classes. Im wondering if you could give us a little idea of what the operating costs and the fuel cost profiles of those ships are versus previous versions i.e. how much cheaper are they to run? And then as youre looking at that net cruise costs number work that youre projecting to be flat next year. How much of that is coming from this new hardware versus other sorts of cost controls?
David Bernstein: Well, overall, we have always talked about we have gotten some economies of scale from the new ships. First of all, as you increase capacity from a shore-side perspective you do get economies of scale there and then when the ships that are coming in, like the ones, three of the four are larger than the average ships, they do provide some economies to scale. But thats a very with three ships and 98 ships in our fleet those economies of scale are a very small portion of the overall benefit that we are seeing. One of the big benefits from a lot of the new ships is that the newer ships are more fuel efficient than the existing fleet and thats something that, were seeing lower fuel consumption per berth day as a result of that and some of the benefit that we have rolled into our guidance is due to the newer ships.
Howard Frank: Okay. The biggest -- I agree with David, the biggest benefit is the fuel efficiencies and on average, when youre talking the major lines and larger ships, were getting something like 20% efficiency on the newer ship versus the prior ship. But its all rolled into this annual fuel savings that were seeing of around 2% to 3% a year and have been seeing. So its all rolled into those numbers.
Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Great. And final question, relative to capacity, in 2012 the order book suggests that the industry capacity actually its a little higher than the 2011 growth number based on several smaller lines that are adding ships. How do you project that changing the competitive dynamics?
Beth Roberts: We have the industry capacity growth in 12 and 11 pretty consistent at roughly 5%.
Howard Frank: I think, Janet, I think, the -- its a tough question to answer because our capacity, if you think about the way, our business model is in so many different market. So it really depends on those markets in which capacity, competitive capacity comes into the market and whether it affects that particular market. But overall, if capacity is similar -- the industry capacity increases similar to 2011, we dont see that as a significant issue and were talking about 4% or 5%. What is industry capacity in 2011, Beth?
Beth Roberts: Its just under 5%.
Howard Frank: Right. And 2012 about the same. So its about 5%, just under 5% in each of those two years according to our data. Now we do a weighted average set of numbers so our numbers are perhaps a little bit more refined than yours, Im not quite sure what you are looking at.
Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Continuing on our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva from Infiniti Research. Please proceed with your question.
Assia Georgieva  Infiniti Research: Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on a great quarter. I had one question. Its on the cost side in Q1. It seems that you did a great job in Q4 bringing down cost on a constant dollar basis. Im a little surprised that you expect some increase in Q1. Is that due to the Carnival Splendor and what would it be without it?
David Bernstein: No. The increase in costs in Q1 is not due to the Carnival Splendor. We did have the voyage disruption but obviously the profitability is out. When you look at costs in Q1, one of the things you have to factor in is we had the gain on the sale of the ship last year so the costs in Q1 are actually, I think, down 1%, they were up 3% to 4% and
Assia Georgieva  Infiniti Research: And I think you indicated flat to up 1% without the Artemis gain.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Its flat to up 1%, correct without the Artemis gain. We are looking at flat for overall for the year but you have to keep in mind that any one quarter is not a great indication of the overall cruise costs because you do have SG&A and other expenses that are not necessarily spread evenly throughout the year and in wave season you might see some extra advertising or something like that depending on the circumstance.
Howard Frank: And we do ramp up marketing costs in the first quarter and that could be a role in terms of roll up of the numbers.
Micky Arison: Yeah. Sometimes that marketing cost gets pulled back if wave is very strong. So its hard to tell but generally the marketing costs are bigger in the first quarter than any other quarter.
Assia Georgieva  Infiniti Research: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you so much.
Operator: And thank you for your question. Continuing on, our question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Please proceed with you question.
Robin Farley  UBS: Hi. I have got one boring question and then another one. But can you give a little more color on the third. You mentioned youre going to breakout North America and then EAA? And then you mentioned something about Cruise Support and Im assuming you will restate some historic years as well with that?
Howard Frank: Im glad you asked that question, Robin, because I want to understand that too, yeah, David?
David Bernstein: No. There really isnt any restatement. What weve called cruise, our Cruise segment or combined cruise historically we broke into three pieces. And the first two was obvious, the third piece is a combination really of two things, one, its our corporate office, for instance, Micky, Howard and I are not included
Howard Frank: But those costs are very low.
David Bernstein:  in any of the brands numbers and of course, we have a couple of cruise facilities that we operate, that we own and operate, things like Grand Turk, Puerta Maya, Roatan and Long Beach. And those operations are also part of corporate, so all of the corporate items we have thrown into Cruise Support. Thats the way we look at the business and were going to be giving you the data in the same way that we look at it.
Robin Farley  UBS: David, will that be a revenue line, when you were talking about Grand Turk and Puerta Maya, youll have?
David Bernstein: There were some very small amounts of revenue in those numbers and youll see that in the segment reporting.
Howard Frank: Its more than offset by corporate G&A, so its just one small part of the overall corporate group. We run these small profitable -- they are profitable businesses but they are small.
Robin Farley  UBS: Okay. Thats helpful and Ill see it when you put it out I guess.
Howard Frank: Yeah.
David Bernstein: Yeah. And Robin, youre going to get, when we put this segment out you will get the year-over-year. I mean youll see what the last year was as well because well provide a couple of years worth of data.
Beth Roberts: But there will be no restatement to yields or our
David Bernstein: No, no, restatement because the combination of all three is exactly what we were doing before with the Cruise segment. We just broke the Cruise segment into three parts.
Robin Farley  UBS: Okay. All right. Great. And then, I just had a question on, a lot of Howards commentary was about bookings that have taken place since your last call. And with the Splendor and that was in the headlines pretty heavily for a few days there. Did you see that temporarily impact the booking trends? In other words, in theory Im wondering if, without that if we would be seeing higher numbers even but, obviously the outlook is very positive that you are giving. Just trying to get a sense of whether youd saw temporary impact from that or not?
Howard Frank: We run the data in a couple of different ways and so for the, if you look at the last six weeks booking trends theyre really no different than the last 13 weeks.
David Bernstein: We have no
Howard Frank: We havent seen any impact.
David Bernstein: We didnt see any impact at all.
Robin Farley  UBS: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you for your question. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your questions.
Steve Wieczynski  Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, guys. And you talked about this a little bit in the press release, basically indicating that with the bad weather you have seen so far in Europe and the U.S. at this point. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you have seen in terms of booking patterns here over the past two or three weeks?
David Bernstein: I think, Howard, just answered that question basically. The booking pattern has stayed the same. The only point we were making in the press release is historically when you have early cold snaps in the north here. Generally speaking, that starts to get people thinking about getting away to warmer climates and obviously we have a lot of warm weather cruises. So we would anticipate that that would help boost the wave but its not something you see instantly. But were hopeful that that will just reinforce what we expect to be a pretty good wave season.
Steve Wieczynski  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Great. And then, I know its still early on but when you look into summer of 11, can you just give a little color on what you are seeing so far with both Alaska and Mexico?
Howard Frank: Alaska and Mexico, well, I think, I indicated, I think bookings, pricing is up year-over-year in Europe and I believe in Mexico as well.
Micky Arison: Mexico is a very small segment.
Steve Wieczynski  Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah.
Howard Frank: Its a very small part of our, I mean Mexican, when I talk about Mexico, Im talking about West Coast Mexico, its a small part of our business at that point in time. But Alaska is strong and Caribbean is strong and Europe is strong.
Steve Wieczynski  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Howard Frank: Okay.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis from Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Harry Curtis  Nomura: Good morning. Ive got two quick questions. Micky, is there anything that youve seen in the recovery in global demand, I guess emphasis on global, since the last call that prompts you to at least consider upping the new ship orders? And the second question is, with respect to your dividend payment, back in 2008 your payout ratio was roughly 50% and if you could give us some sense of your thoughts going forward on what that might look like over the next 12 months?
Micky Arison: First of all, Id say that our new building position is unchanged. I think its fair to say that we have said that we are looking at growing probably in the area of two to three ships a year. I dont see that changing for the time being. As far as -- what was the second?
Harry Curtis  Nomura: Dividend yield
Micky Arison: All I would say is that post the financial crisis our Board has -- I think as many have, become more conservative and so I wouldnt want to preempt the Board. If after this next Board meeting, they agree to some sort of going forward position as far as payout ratio, we will announce it. If they dont and want to keep their flexibility, then we wont. So I dont want to preempt the Board. Its clearly a Board decision, its something thats heavily discussed and debated and we will go through that in mid-January and advise you of a decision at that time.
Harry Curtis  Nomura: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota of JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Milota  JP Morgan: Good morning, everyone. Appreciate the time. As you looked at the consumer going into 11 was hoping you could give some commentary -- understandably the ticket yields are expected to go up, see how you are feeling about onboard spend and kind of the expectations for the onboard component during the year?
David Bernstein: The onboard component, this year we got about a 2% overall increase and next year we are looking for something like 2.5% overall. Keep in mind in the first quarter, we had a couple of one-time items which, as a result, when you take that out the increase is actually a lot higher, as Howard had mentioned in his notes. So we are seeing a gradual improvement in the consumer and expecting the onboards to go up throughout the year. And we are also taking lots of steps to make things better ourselves. Were not just waiting for the consumer, adding various things on our ship, things like facial recognition in the photo, karaoke with live bands on some of the Carnival ships. We are even adding things like the carotene hair straightening treatments on a lot of our ships. So we are looking to expand the various offerings and to increase the revenue yields.
Kevin Milota  JP Morgan: Okay. Great. And then one quick one on fourth quarter capacity, what the increases are going to be?
David Bernstein: Fourth 
Howard Frank: Which quarter?
Kevin Milota  JP Morgan: Fourth quarter.
David Bernstein: Of 2011?
Beth Roberts: Its 5.8% for the company.
Howard Frank: And for the fourth quarter?
Beth Roberts: That is the fourth.
David Bernstein: That is fourth quarter. Its 5.2% for the full year.
Kevin Milota  JP Morgan: Okay. Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Thank you and my congratulations also on the good execution. A couple of items here, can you give a little more color, Howard, on what you have seen over the last 90 days in the Caribbean? Youve said that obviously the direction overall in the yield but you alluded that the Caribbean is still a little bit weak, but it appears that the Caribbean since your report in September has gotten better, just maybe a little bit of additional color on that for first and second quarter. And then back to -- circle back to an earlier question on the dividend. Could you maybe give us a little bit of an update on thinking, philosophy of a base dividend versus the consideration of a maybe formulaic variable component?
Howard Frank: I am getting signals from Beth on the Caribbean book because specifically I dont recall, but I would say this. In the first quarter, there is -- I would say that -- my recollection was that, because I said late bookings have been solid actually, in fact, actually up year-over-year. Some of thats got to be Caribbean on a broader sense. I think Caribbean is holding its own and sequentially seems to be getting better in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis. So I think that is probably fair and I think that is about all I can recall because there is so much data that we look at. But Caribbean was holding its own basically and maybe slightly better year-over-year. And that could be attributable to the winter -- the tough winter or early winters we are experiencing up north and so on, but clearly the situation -- its stable to up I would say, its probably fair to say.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Another way, I guess, Howard, to ask that question, would you say over the last 90 days has that done better relative to other geographic itineraries?
Howard Frank: Its done better relative to -- it has improved relative to the prior Caribbean. In other words, it has gotten better, having gotten worse.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Right. Okay.
Beth Roberts: But our first quarter guidance is still the same as it was.
Howard Frank: Yeah. We have -- that is not the margin because it doesnt really change very much.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Okay.
Micky Arison: Yeah. The guidance hasnt changed. I wouldnt -- its anecdotal right now. The guidance -- if it was significant, the guidance would have changed.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Okay.
Howard Frank: I did say this about the first quarter, that right now North America brands are flat year-over-year on pricing and there is very little inventory left to sell.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Right. Right. Okay.
Howard Frank: We have forecasted flat to down slightly for North America for the quarter. And I said in my comments, I put perhaps in there because there is nothing that suggests that we will be down but that is what the operating companies are telling us. So that is why we kind of hedged it a little bit. It may be okay. So that included that firming -- the firming of the late bookings has helped.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Okay. And again, as you have said also, there is just not that much left to sell.
Howard Frank: Right. Right.
David Bernstein: Tim, as to the dividend, really as Micky said before, its a Board decision. Were going to be talking to the Board in January and when we have more news we will disclose it.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. Thank you all.
Operator: And thank you for your question, sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson from Banc of America-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Rennardson  Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Thank you and good afternoon. A couple of questions, one on the Board meeting you are having in January. Will you be discussing a further shareholder return because you allude to that in the statement, Micky? Would that -- thinking about share buybacks or special dividends, when does that come back on the agenda? And, secondly, on the new split into EEA, will you be giving us the foreign exchange rates at which you convert so we get a little bit more clarity? And then if I can just slip a last one in, in the last two or three calls, Micky, you have talked about being a little bit worried about the increasing seasonality of the business Q1 and being less profitable maybe that in the past and Q3 being much more profitable. You havent mentioned that this time. Has that not panned out to be as much as you thought it might be? Thank you.
Micky Arison: I think its -- going to the last part of your question first, I think its kind of baked into the numbers. You know, when we talk about -- we have gotten a lot of questions about the Caribbean. And really the issues in the Caribbean are at this time of year created by that seasonality. Its something like 75,000 to 80,000 more beds in the Caribbean in quarter one than there is in quarter three. Its almost like the Las Vegas Strip moving into the Caribbean for the quarter and obviously that will have an impact and create more seasonality. But its now baked into the numbers so year-over-year its 15%. Its just a fraction of that 80,000.
Beth Roberts: Our guidance for the year does get better after you get through the first quarter -- half is stronger.
Micky Arison: Right. Right. And clearly, the third quarter is a key and critical quarter for us.
David Bernstein: And the third quarter is -- last year was two-thirds of our profitability. And as we look into 2011, its not significantly changing from that level.
Howard Frank: Based on the amount of dividend questions we get I get the sense that people dont believe that it really is a Board decision. We have a very independent group of Board members and we are not going to preempt them. And we are going to let them make the decision and then we will make our announcement.
David Bernstein: The FX rates -- we give the FX rates in the press release, I mean.
Ian Rennardson  Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
David Bernstein: So I am not sure -- they are not changing just because we are giving different segments.
Ian Rennardson  Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: No. Yeah. I was thinking more about giving as the -- I suppose we are getting to the EEA. It would be absolutely even better if you could give us what you do by U.K., by Germany, your big brands over there because they are different currencies and stuff but you know
David Bernstein: Well, we do give you the individual currencies but as far the -- we dont disclose brand by brand details because these are the three major Cruise segments.
Beth Roberts: But I think the weighting is kind of like two-thirds to the euro or maybe a little more to the euro versus the pound.
Ian Rennardson  Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Fantastic. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you for question, sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Tim Ramskill from Credit Suisse. Sir, please proceed with your question.
Tim Ramskill  Credit Suisse: Thank you. A couple of questions for me. The first one was just on the unit cost side, David, in your comments at the start you talked about the better delivery on the unit cost side versus what you had anticipated at the start of the year. So, firstly, could you give us some color as to how you have delivered that? And then, secondly, whether you think there is upside risk to your cost focus next year? Then the second question was as you look at the price points across your range of brands is the return to normality in evidence when you look at premium pricing versus the pricing of more contemporary cruises?
David Bernstein: Well, lets start with the unit cost. Yeah, we did do about 1.5 point better than we did last year. But I think a lot of that stems from the fact that we were able to achieve things with suppliers that was significantly better than we had anticipated in the guidance. Plus on top of it this year what we are starting to see is as the economy turns its a little bit better world out there. So I mentioned before we are starting to see inflationary pressures in certain areas. So we are finding ways to get that out of the system and keep costs flat. Our brands are working on hundreds of different items to save costs. So we gave you what we anticipated to be the most realistic cost guidance for the year. But we are never going to stop. If there is an opportunity to do better than that, just like last year, we will find a way and we will get the costs out of the system.
Howard Frank: Tim, on the question of -- I think what you asked on the price points are premium pricing doing better or worse than contemporary pricing for our different brands. Its really a hard, I mean we have so many brands and whether they are on this side of the Atlantic or the other side of the Atlantic its hard to say other than to tell you that I think this past year premium pricing came back nicely, my recollection is, in North America and was stronger in its improvements than contemporary pricing. I think going forward I think its going to be more or less the same that both premium and contemporary pricing are showing good improvement here in North America as well as in Europe.
Tim Ramskill  Credit Suisse: Can I just follow-up -- excuse me -- just on that point about premium pricing? I guess you commented that there is still some way to go to get prices back to the 08 level. So is there an equal amount of recovery potential in both the contemporary and the premium segments?
Howard Frank: I am going to have my colleague, Beth Roberts, answer that question because that is something -- that is beyond my pay grade, is that what they say? Only look at North America really.
Beth Roberts: Yeah. Im looking at North America and it looks like.
Howard Frank: If you have got to do that, it has got to be pretty close.
David Bernstein: She took out her calculator which means its very close. We can -- why dont we go on (inaudible) question and then
Tim Ramskill  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks, guys. Cheers.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Wyn Ellis from Numis Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Wyn Ellis  Numis Securities: I have got two questions, please. First of all, can you tell us what the proportion of direct sales were? How that compared with 2009 and where you see that proportion going as we move forward? And secondly, could you just repeat what you said about the proportion of capacity left to sell for Q3, both in North America and EAA?
Micky Arison: Direct sales as a percent of revenue was 17% in 09. We dont have the 10 data yet. I would expect some slow growth that has -- the last many, many years has been growing slowly. So I would anticipate that that would continue. But my guess is it would still be in the high teens.
Howard Frank: I think what I said about -- go ahead, Wyn, you have another follow-on question?
Wyn Ellis  Numis Securities: Yeah. Just a follow on to that because NCL recently, I think, said that they had seen their direct sales go from around about 13% in 2007 to over 27% this year. Why do you think they are achieving so much more than you and do you think you can catch them up on that?
Micky Arison: Bob Becker.
Howard Frank: I think they have put a lot more investment into their direct sales program. They see a lot more benefit from it. I think when you look at our business model, there is multiple brands in different countries around the world and with different percentages of direct business. So I dont think they are really comparable to what they are doing. I think in the last couple of years they have made a concerted effort to get more direct business and to work for their business and thats it.
David Bernstein: We have been working very hard to make things much more efficient with the travel agent. One of the things -- as we continue to automate everything with the travel agents, I think we are approaching 60% of our bookings with travel agents are now taking on an automated basis. So weve been focusing very heavily on that in terms of reducing cost.
Howard Frank: What I said on the third quarter, I said that there is really not a huge amount of business booked at this point in time. There is still a huge amount of business to be booked. We do get a lot of that business beginning during wave season. But for the business that we have booked already that pricing was up nicely in both North America and European markets.
Wyn Ellis  Numis Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Badishkanian  Citi: Yeah. Great. Thanks. Just a question on some of the metrics such as booking windows and cancellations, I know you were hurt by that during the recession. Have you noticed some improvements over the last quarter on those particular metrics as your business has been improving?
David Bernstein: Yeah. As far as the booking windows are concerned, it did shorten after the financial crisis and then it came back in 2009. Probably by the middle of 2009, the booking window was back to its historic levels and its moved around a little bit since then, but really hasnt changed significantly. One of the things that everybody looks to in terms of the booking window is we are never going to get too far ahead or too far behind because we would adjust the prices. We dont want to be too far ahead because then we are leaving money on the table. So the booking window is within historic norms and it has been since mid 09.
Greg Badishkanian  Citi: And cancellations as well?
David Bernstein: Cancellations, yeah, we havent seen anything unusual in terms of cancellation rates throughout all our brands for quite a while for the same time period.
Beth Roberts: And before we go on to the next question, I will just comment on the revenue yields for the premium versus the contemporary segment. It says that the premium segment, which did have a stronger fall off of the 2008 levels, is still trailing the contemporary segment.
Greg Badishkanian  Citi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from the line of Rachael Rothman from Susquehanna. Please proceed with your question.
Rachael Rothman  Susquehanna: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Can you comment a little bit -- I know there have been a number of questions on the booking window. But just thinking about going into this years wave season, the 2011 wave season and the length of the booking window and how your visibility compares to where you would have been at this point last year or heading into the 2010 wave season?
Howard Frank: I think we are -- let me just say this, we are approximately 50% booked, which is similar to where we were last year.
Rachael Rothman  Susquehanna: Okay. And overall, was the booking window
Micky Arison: Visibility is very, very similar. The only time we had a lot less visibility was coming off the financial crisis.
Rachael Rothman  Susquehanna: Okay. Perfect. And then can you just reiterate your comment with respect to net yields or 2012 business? I think in response to somebodys question earlier you made a comment about sequential progression heading into 2012.
Howard Frank: Yeah. I made a comment not specifically about, because we havent booked much, if any, business for 2012 yet except maybe for some long world cruises. But that if the economy continues to strengthen as its forecasted to in 2011 in the 3% to 4% range I would expect that with the diminished amount of capacity coming in to the cruise industry that we could see some positive yield growth again in 2012.
Rachael Rothman  Susquehanna: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Rick Lyall from John W. Bristol. Please proceed with your question.
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: Hi guys. Good job this year. A couple quick questions. South America was a train wreck -- pricing in South America was a train wreck early in 2010. Can you say what you are seeing there this year?
Micky Arison: Very, very good bounce back and its doing very well. Both Brazil and Argentina have come back strongly. I think there was a massive capacity increase last year, capacity increase this year is relatively small and the fact that a little bit more capacity was dedicated to Argentina, I think helped as well, so much, much better.
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: Okay.
Howard Frank: And that is both for the Costa brand as well as the Ibero brand.
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: Okay. That is encouraging. A follow-up to Robins question where she was asking about the corporate and port segment, are you going to break out CapEx and depreciation by the segments and give us any kind of balance sheet information? And just kind of a follow-up, I am surprised you didnt mention Cozumel as a facility in there. Why wouldnt that be included?
David Bernstein: I said Puerta Maya, which is Cozumel.
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: Okay. Sorry.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Thats okay. Yeah, you will have each line item down to operating income, so you will have the detail and you will have CapEx as well by segment.
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: Okay. Thats a good development. Thanks for doing that.
Howard Frank: (Inaudible) to please all you guys.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And it appears that there are no further questions at this time. I will turn it back to Mr. Frank for your concluding remarks. Thank you, sir.
Howard Frank: Thank you all for your questions. And with that, we will wrap it up. We want to wish you all a happy and healthy holiday season and a good 2011. All the best.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect. Once again have a safe and happy holidays. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-06-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard Frank  Vice Chairman and COO David Bernstein  SVP and CFO Micky Arison  Chairman and CEO Beth Roberts  VP, IR
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital Robin Farley  UBS Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management Assia Georgieva  Infinity Research Greg Badishkanian  Citigroup Tim Conder  Wells Fargo Securities Harry Curtis  Lazard Capital Markets Brian Egger  Affiliated Research Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein Kevin Milota  JP Morgan Ian Rennardson  Bank of America Sharon Zackfia  William Blair & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Carnival Corporation second quarter earnings call. (Operator instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, June 22, 2010. I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank: Thank you Sarah. Good morning everyone. With me here in Miami is David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer and Senior VP of Finance; Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations; and Micky Arison, our Chairman and CEO. I'm going to turn the first part of this all over to David, and he will take you through the color during the second quarter and talk about costs going forward. David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. I will begin the conference call by reading the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnivals earnings press release and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For the second quarter our earnings per share was $0.32. The second quarter came in above the midpoint of our March guidance by $0.04 per share, despite a $0.02 impact from the volcanic ash and the Chilean earthquake disruption. Net revenue yields in local currency came in at 2%, and the higher end of our March guidance, which was worth $0.02 per share, even with these disruptions which impacted yields by half a point. In addition, our ongoing cost reductions were better than forecasted and were also worth $0.02 per share. Now let us take a look at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year, our capacity increased 8% for the second quarter of 2010 with the majority of the increase going to our European brands. Our European brands grew 13% while our North American brands grew 4%. As I previously mentioned, overall net revenue yields in local currency increased 2% in the second quarter of 2010 versus the prior year. Now lets take a look at the two components of net revenue yields. For net ticket yields we saw a yield increase of 1.6% in local currency. Our North American brands were up 3.8% driven by increases in Europe, Alaska and other exotic itineraries. Our European brands experienced 1.2% lower local currency ticket yields, which were in line with our expectation. Similar to the first quarter the declines were driven by challenging winter season in the Brazilian market, with significant increases this past winter. If you exclude the five ships that Costa Nibura [ph] had in Brazil in the month of March, the European brands net ticket revenue yields in local currency was flat. We were pleased with this performance given the economic uncertainty and the significantly higher capacity for our continental European brands. For net onboard and other yields, we reported a yield increase of 3.1% in local currency. The increase occurred on both sides of the Atlantic. Our North American brands were up 4.6%, and our European brands were up 3.2% in local currency. This was clearly better than had expected in our March guidance. Keep in mind that the second quarter actual is again easy comps as the second quarter last year was at the low point for on board and other revenue yields. As a result of our second quarter performance, the operating companies have raised their forecast for onboard and other revenue yield slightly for the back half of the year. On the March call, I indicated that excluding a couple of one-time first-quarter items, our expectations for the full year was flat given that the first quarter was flat. However, given the increase in the second quarter, our June guidance for the full year, also excluding the same one-time items in the first quarter, is an increase of approximately 1%. In summary, we were very encouraged by the 2% increase in net revenue yields in the second quarter, which was the first time we saw positive revenue yields since late 2008. As Howard will discuss later, we expect greater improvements in yields the reminder of the year. On the cost side, cruise costs per available lower berth day, excluding fuel and in local currency, were down 4.9% versus the prior year. The decline was driven by fewer dry docks, economies of scale relating to double-digit growth at certain of our brands, benefits from cost reduction programs, a low inflationary environment, and the timing of certain SG&A expenses. However, the strength of our revenue and cost performance in the second quarter of 2010 were once again masked by rising fuel prices. Fuel prices this quarter were 64% higher than last year, costing us $162 million or $0.20 per share. One final note on cost, as a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel consumption, our fuel consumption per ALB day declined 3.3% in the second quarter, continuing our multiple year savings trend. Turning to our 2010 outlook, I will skip the net revenue yield outlook, as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, net cruise costs per available lower berth day for the third quarter, excluding fuel and in local currency are projected to be up 1% to 2%. This was driven by $39 million charge relating to a closed multi-employer pension plan for certain British officers. The multi-employer pension plan accounting rules require us to expense required participant contribution to fund plan deficit, when the invoices are received.
 : Since we first gave guidance for 2010 six months ago, we have taken a full percentage point of our cost guidance. Our ongoing cost reduction programs are yielding more savings than we anticipated in a variety of areas such as insurance, ports, and crew travel just to name a few. Based on the current spot price for fuel, fuel prices for the full year are projected to be $495 per metric ton for 2010 versus $363 per metric ton for 2009, costing an additional $440 million or $0.55 per share. So in the end fuel is driving our cost up and therefore in current dollars and including fuel, our costs are expected to be up 1% to 2%. At this point I will turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard Frank: Thank you David. Okay, let me go over the tone of business with you. On a fleet-wide basis, booking volumes and pricing since our last earnings call, that is for the last 13 weeks or so. Covering the next three quarters have held up quite well. Even booking volumes for the last six weeks, during the significant downturn in global equity markets have held up well, although we have seen reduced booking volumes for certain itineraries, which I will comment on later. For our North American brands on slightly lower year-over-year booking volumes for the last 13 weeks, we have experienced double-digit price increases. Keep in mind our comparisons of this year's booking volumes are against a 26% increase in booking volumes for the same period as last year, when we were selling at deeply discounted prices to move our inventory. With respect to bookings per itinerary, during the last 13 weeks for North American brands we have seen strong volumes in pricing for Caribbean programs, which comprise 52% of North American brand capacity over the next three quarters. Alaska, which is 11% of our North American capacity on lower booking volumes have experienced significantly higher year-over-year pricing, and Europe itineraries, which comprise 9% of our capacity has also experienced lower booking volumes, but with significantly higher pricing as well. We have also seen stronger year-over-year pricing for our Mexican Riviera itineraries for the first time in a while. All of our North American brand itineraries have booked quite well during this 13 week period with good pricing. For our European brands during the last 13 weeks, booking volumes for the next three quarters have been quite strong with moderate year-over-year local pricing improvements. Booking volumes for European itineraries during the 13 week period, which comprise two thirds of European brand capacity during the next nine months, had been higher and are keeping pace with year-over-year European brand capacity increases. These bookings are showing moderate increases in prices on a local currency basis, which is quite satisfactory considering the large increase in European brand capacity during the next nine months. So looking back over the last 13 weeks, it is fair to say that demand for cruises has been solid, and we have continued to achieve higher year-over-year price increases. Now let me talk a little bit about the last six weeks, beginning in early May the effect of the volcanic ash issue in the UK and Western Europe did cause nervousness about air travel, particularly for North American consumers taking airline flights across the Atlantic. Compounding this was the European sovereign debt crisis and the resultant negative effect it had on global equity markets. Indeed, from late April to let May, US equity markets as we all know were down about 12% or so. We believe this caused consumers, especially those in North America, to rethink their discretionary travel decisions. But even with these events, fleetwide bookings for the last six weeks for our cruises over the next three quarters continue to run ahead of last year on a fleetwide basis, significantly ahead for Europe, France and just slightly behind for North American brands and prices for bookings for North America and Europe brands continue to be running nicely. Looking at bookings over the last six weeks by major trades for North American brands, Caribbean itineraries, which are more than 50% of North American capacity over the next nine months continue to be strong at higher prices. Bookings for Alaska cruises, however, ran behind the last six week period, but at substantially higher prices. But fortunately there is very little Alaskan inventory left to sell. Bookings for North American brands Europe programs were also lower, but there was also not much inventory left to sell in Europe for the remainder of the year. Despite the brief slowdown in these trades, we're still expecting significant year-over-year price improvement for Alaska and Europe for 2010. We have seen anecdotally over the last couple of weeks with the recent strength in the equity markets that demand in North America for these trades have started to pick up. Interestingly, the effect of these external events seems to have been felt more in North American markets than in European markets. Our European brand bookings during the last six week period had held up extremely well with significant improvement in booking volumes and solid improvement in year-over-year local currency pricing. This is yet another example of how the European consumer appears to be more resilient to geopolitical and economic events than is their American counterpart. So to sum this all up, despite the events that have occurred around the world over the last six weeks, people are still booking their vacations and our business has held up quite well. Now turning to our full-year earnings guidance, as we indicated in the press release we are maintaining earnings guidance of $2.25 to $2.35 a share. Since our first quarter guidance, currency movements, largely the result of the strengthening dollar, net of lower forecasted fuel prices for the second half of the year have caused a 7% per share downdraft in our earnings. Offsetting this has been the better than forecasted second quarter earnings of $0.04, and another $0.03 resulting from lower than expected costs in the second half of the year. When we combine these moments we get back to the same earnings guidance as we provided last March. Now let me take you through some of the color for each of the next three quarters. For the third quarter fleetwide capacity is 6.2% higher than last year, 3.7% in North America, 8% for Europe brands. At this point with very little inventory left to sell in the quarter, fleetwide capacity is slightly ahead, or fleetwide occupancy, I should say, is slightly ahead year-over-year with local currency pricing well ahead. The North American brands during the quarter had 41% in the Caribbean, 25% in Alaska, 17% in Europe. Overall pricing for North American brands is well ahead of last year with slightly better occupancies. Even pricing for Mexican Riviera cruises out of California, which has been a struggle for us over the last couple of years to showing nice improvement. We're expecting that third-quarter ticket pricing for North American brands increase in the low double-digit levels by the time the third quarter closes. For European brands there are 97% in European itineraries in the third quarter. Currently pricing for Europe brands is slightly higher year-over-year, which is a very positive sign given the 8% capacity increase in our European fleet during the quarter. All brands are performing well, although pricing for our Spanish cruise brand, Ibero Cruises, which had a 37% increase in capacity in the quarter is expected to be lower. By the time the quarter closes out, we're expecting European brands pricing to be flattish year-over-year, which is a very good result, given the 8% increase in capacity. As I indicated in the press release, or as we indicated in the press release, we are forecasting third quarter fleetwide revenue yields will increase in the 5% to 6% range on a local currency basis, flat to up slightly on a current dollar basis. Costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be higher by 1% to 2% on a local currency basis largely as a result of the British officer pension fund charge that David referred to earlier. On a local currency basis, costs excluding fuel are expected to be lower in the 2% to 3% range. Fuel costs for the third quarter is expected to be higher by $74 million year-over-year, or $0.09 a share, and as we indicated in the press release, earnings are forecasted to be in the range of $1.43 to $1.47 for the quarter versus a $1.33 in the third quarter of 2009. So it is nice to get back to positive earnings improvements on a quarterly basis. Now turning to the fourth quarter, fleetwide capacity is up 6.1% in the quarter, 1.7% in North America and 10.6% in Europe. One an overall basis, fourth-quarter occupancy is slightly lower with local currency pricing running nicely higher. North American brands in the fourth quarter are 50% in the Caribbean, with all other itineraries individually below 10%. At the present time, pricing is running nicely ahead year-over-year with lower occupancies. However, booking volumes for the fourth quarter for North American brands continue to be strong, and by the time the quarter closes we are expecting pricing to be nicely higher year-over-year. European brands were 73% in Europe in the fourth quarter with all other itineraries individually under 10%. Europe itinerary pricing on a local currency basis is nicely ahead of last year with slightly better occupancy. Bookings continued to be strong for the fourth quarter, and we are forecasting that by the time the fourth quarter closes, Europe brand local currency pricing will be higher year-over-year, which is a very good result, considering that 10% plus capacity increase that we had during the quarter. On a fleetwide basis, we expect fourth-quarter revenue yields to be up approximately 3% on a local currency basis. That is combining Europe and North America, and I should add it is nice to see a positive sign for European pricing, which we haven't had in quite some time, and that is despite the considerable increases we have had in capacity, which has been absorbed quite nicely. And we have been able to expand our markets at the same time in Europe. So now I'm going to turn to the fourth-quarter of 2011, where our fleetwide capacity is going to be up 6.6%, 3.8% for North American brands and 11.7% for European brands. Let me emphasize that the first quarter booking data is still in the early stages of development, and it is provided to give you a picture of how the quarter is shaping up at the present time. Overall, first quarter pricing is running higher on a year-over-year basis with occupancy running slightly behind. This is a pattern that is similar to the fourth-quarter for 2010. North American brands are 66%, and the Caribbean 11%, and Mexican Riviera cruise is the balance in all other itineraries. Presently Caribbean pricing is slightly higher on lower occupancies, and Mexican Riviera pricing is higher on higher occupancies. Pricing on virtually all other itineraries, mostly longer premium price cruises is higher on lower occupancies. European brands are 25% in European itineraries, 23% in the Caribbean, and 18% in South America, with the remaining in various other itineraries. Local currency pricing for Europe and South America cruises is running higher on lower occupancies, and pricing for European brand Caribbean cruises is higher on higher occupancy. Overall pricing in local currency for European brand cruises is nicely higher at this time, with occupancies when you combine it all are at the same level as the prior year, and that is adjusted for the 11.7% capacity we had in the first quarter. Again, I caution, this is an early picture for Q1 of 2011, and not to read too much into this information. And with that Sarah, I'm going to turn back to you for questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning, guys. Quick two questions for you, first, Howard, you gave us great color on the third, fourth and first quarter. I just wanted to talk about the fourth quarter for a moment. I was just wondering, at this point in time, are you surprised that the occupancy is lower year-over-year or is that trending how you expected, and how has the booking pace trended through the quarter since the second quarter has closed?
Howard Frank: I mean, we are now  we have been running this lower occupancy, and actually have been pricing lower. I think principally what is happening is that there the yield  and it varies by brand, but the yield management people are working on getting stronger pricing for the quarter. They are less concerned about the lower occupancies. The booking pace has been good for the fourth quarter as I indicated. So they are pretty confident that they are going to get to the yield numbers that I gave, and they feel pretty good about the situation. I think there was a little bit of a hiccup, I would call it, if you refer to time back in May, and I think the pace has now picked up again, and I think they are feeling pretty comfortable as they go forward for the fourth quarter. But we were running behind in the fourth quarter. Really, as I can recall, I think throughout the year, and we never really pressed to pick up the pace because we were really focusing on getting better pricing, and that seems to be happening.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, that's good. And then just turning to
Howard Frank: There is one more comment, I should add that bookings pace has picked up for the fourth-quarter without having to give away any price. So we have been able to  it has been a successful strategy.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Good. And then just on onboard spend, I was just wondering if there has been any impact since the end of the quarter given the macro environment, and what has been the most recent onboard trends that you have seen?
Howard Frank: I will David talk to that.
David Bernstein: Yes, since the end of the quarter, Felicia, you know, here at corporate we don't get all the detailed reports by voyage, by brand. So, the latest information I have is as of the end of May for the second quarter. Overall, essentially all of the categories except for casino was up in the second quarter, and we're expecting that trend to continue throughout the rest of the year.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. I just wanted to clarify, in your guidance, you talked about onboard revenues coming in a little bit up for the year, which is better than the flat that you had talked about previously, but your total yield guidance is unchanged. So I guess, just want to clarify should we think about the implied guidance on ticket prices being the same increase as what you had previously expected or is it slightly lower? In other words, is it enough to be a rounding error or is there an implied less of an increase in ticket price?
David Bernstein: Yes, Robin, it is really just the rounding error. And remember, when you give guidance, you know, in a range of 2% to 3% you can go up by 0.1 or 0.2, and you don't necessarily change your whole range. So it really is just rounding.
Robin Farley - UBS: No, that's great. I just wanted to clarify that. And then also on the pension charge you are talking about in Q3, just to clarify, that is in your full-year EPS guidance today, but was not in there previously, right? In other words, is that ?
David Bernstein: No, no. That had always been in our EPS guidance since December. It may have changed by a million or two, but it has been there since the beginning. We expected it all along.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall with John W. Bristol. Please proceed with your question.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Hi, guys. I have a couple of questions. Post Katrina, the Gulf of Florida pretty much stopped booking and I am wondering what the trends have been in the Gulf in terms of domestic demand. And the same kind of question in southern Europe, have you seen any material impact in demand from either of those two regions given some of the events that have transpired?
Howard Frank: Rick, I'm not sure I understand your southern European question, other than fortunately we don't carry a lot of Greek passengers. The Gulf cruises have been virtually unaffected by the spill. We are operating and passengers are not even aware of it. The ships are navigating around it. There might be a slight increase in fuel consumption, because we had to navigate around what may be the worst areas, but the ships are being inspected every time they return to the US. We haven't had to clean a haul once, yet, we have seen no slowdown in booking pattern. Clearly we are offering an outstanding vacation option for people in that region, and one that they don't have to concern themselves with the spill during their vacation. We are, in an attempt to try to help the region, we are encouraging on Carnivals website people stay a day or two before and after the cruise in the region to try to kind of stimulate tourism in the region. But from our point of view it hasn't affected business at all.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Okay, southern Europe, I was thinking about Italy. We know Spain has been weak, but I was wondering about Italy, Greece, et cetera?
Micky Arison: No, I mean in terms of those markets. They have been fine. They have been solid all the way through. We haven't seen any discernible change in demand in continental Europe.
Howard Frank: Remember, we took a delivery of an AIDA ship this winter. We took delivery of a Costa ship this winter, right after two ships last spring from Costa, and we have absorbed that capacity with no deterioration of yield. So, Europe is performing I would say fantastically.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Okay, last question for David. Given the very, very low bond yields available today, any thoughts about refinancing debt early or moving anything around with the current spreads?
David Bernstein: Rick, we always look at that, but fortunately for us we have a significant number, I think right now we have seven export credits available to us going forward that are at even lower yields, and lower interest rates than most bonds. So we're in very good shape. We don't have any financing needs, but we do consistently look at that on an ongoing basis.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Okay, thanks very much. Good job, guys.
Howard Frank: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz with Horizon. Please proceed with your question.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: Yes, the advanced bookings on the balance sheet show that they are up 25% year-over-year. And the question is how much of that is pricing, how much of that is going further out on the calendar, and how much of that is the additional capacity that has come on-stream this year?
Howard Frank: As you have asked the question David, David Bernstein is going through his book now to see if he can give you some direction.
David Bernstein: I think you are looking at year-end versus third quarter
Howard Frank: It depends on what you are measuring
David Bernstein: What are you measuring against David?
Howard Frank: Year-over-year?
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: I am using the 3.2% versus the 2.6% that shows up on the balance sheet that was reported today. I apologize; it is year-end.
Howard Frank: Part of that is seasonality is one.
Micky Arison: Remember, as we get bigger and this is an important factor that everybody has to understand, as we get bigger and bigger and bigger in our European brands, this will become more and more seasonal. And so, our advance ticket deposits at the end of the second quarter is always going to be significantly higher than at the end of the year. I mean, it is just the way the business is going to be, and the reality is as we grow the European brands, you can expect lower earnings in the first quarter, and more earnings in the third quarter. It is just going to be a more seasonal business because the European business is so seasonal.
David Bernstein: David, if you want to compare back to the prior year, it is 3.2 today, it was 2.9 a year ago in May, and we got hurt a little bit on FX rates because the dollar did get stronger, and remember that was more than offset by the capacity increase, and then of course the big difference was the pricing increase, because the prices that we are getting today for the back half of the year are up considerably versus the prior year. So those are the big swings, and it nets to an increase of almost 400 million.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: And my second question has to do with new build and your domestic brands. At what point do the domestic brands get the incremental attention given how much of their capacity are 20 to 30 years old at this point?
Micky Arison: (inaudible).
Howard Frank: We dont have any. I am sorry, but the age of our fleet is much younger than you characterize, the only thing I would say is that we have two very large ships on order for Carnival cruise. I think we have two very large ships on order for Princess. We have said that going forward 13 and beyond that our CapEx will be lower  significantly lower than it has been in recent years, probably 2 to 3 ships a year. And that is what you can anticipate.
David Bernstein: We also have the Nieuw Amsterdam being delivered for Holland America later on this month, and next year at this time a new, a third in a series of Seabourn ships to the North America, principally the North America.
Howard Frank: We have plenty capacity coming for the North American brands.
Micky Arison: I think the oldest ship in North America is 1988, 22 years old. Yes.
Howard Frank: About 20 years old. We dont have many of those.
Micky Arison: Yes.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please proceed with your question.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Good morning, guys. One question, given that North American, especially Carnival brand, pricing seems to be driving Q3, could you comment on the threatened price increase back in March and how far along relative to that figure of up to 5% Jerry [ph] has been able to get pricing to?
Micky Arison: Well, I think the way to answer your question is I think that strategy brought forward some business, which is a logical conclusion of that kind of marketing strategy that people would book earlier to take advantage of the lower pricing before the price increase. So I think that worked very well and as far as I know all the pricing that was taken at that time has held.
Howard Frank: Assia, did you make the comment and I am not sure I heard you right that the Carnival brand was driving the pricing improvement in the third quarter.
Micky Arison: Yes, she did.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Well, I think relative .
Howard Frank: And I think all brands, all North American brands, all the major North American brands Holland America, Princess, their pricing is also nicely up.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And Howard you are right.
Howard Frank: Okay.
David Bernstein: That is just a clarification.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: I'm sorry that I did say that. The Carnival brand pricing will be actually what will be driving Q3, but what I meant more was that North American brands, and especially the Caribbean, would be helpful and I think, in Q3, you only have or mostly have Carnival with a little bit of Princess in there. So my expectation had been that the Carnival brand's price increase is a significant factor to Q3 yields and bookings.
Micky Arison: I think as Howard stated its pretty much across all our North American brands.
Howard Frank: Yes, Carnival, there are all up nicely 
David Bernstein: Including Carnival 
Micky Arison: You have to remember that as we said on the prior call, we said Europe bookings for the North American brands and Alaska bookings for the North American brands pricing wise was very strong, particularly during the wave period.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Well, it is good to hear that, especially on Alaska. We know the whole fiasco there. So thank you very much for answering. That was my only question.
Howard Frank: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: Great, thanks. Did you guys notice any pickup in cancellations when the equity markets began to decline in late April or is it pretty consistent?
Beth Roberts: Pretty consistent. We didnt see any discernible increase.
Micky Arison: What we tended to see and Howard I think mentioned it in his notes is that our premium North American brands tend to be more sensitive, and longer cruises, more premium and luxury type cruises, and to be more affected by market volatility and gyrations, and so in the month of May we felt some of that.
Howard Frank: It didnt  everybody seem to be asking these questions about Europe but it didnt seem to impact Europe at all.
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: Right, which kind of leads me to a question just on the differences in the consumer in Europe versus North America, when the negative news lines hit and you know stock market was declining, you saw more of an impact in the North American consumer. Were there any other kind of differences between the two types of consumers?
Howard Frank: I think the European consumer is a  its a much more stable consumer. It doesnt have a lot of consumer debt. There is not a lot of consumer debt there, there are not a lot of credit card debt. There are strong social systems that support the Europeans. So in a way they, the whole psychology is the vacations are really right at the top of their list of priorities or how they spend their money. So I think it is a very different consumer and their behavior is different, and I think this is another way of seeing how it is manifested. Its really very interesting, especially when you talk about the whole sovereign debt crisis and we talk to our colleagues in Europe and theyre all concerned about it, but they didnt see it affect their business that much, which is, I mean, the consumer, the day-to-day consumer or the market doesnt really think that much about it.
David Bernstein: Whats interesting is even during this period when the market was falling, the onboard revenue yields were even up more in North America than they were in Europe. I had indicated that was up 4.6% for North American brands in the second quarter and 3.2% for the European brands. So despite what was going on people were still out there spending.
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: All right, interesting. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you and, again, congrats on great execution, everyone.
Howard Frank: Thanks.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: A couple of  two questions here. Micky, on the last call you talked about the letters of intent for the two Princess ships, and then you said that those would be finalized very shortly, which they were. And then you said at that point in time that behind that, you really had nothing material in discussions in the pipeline. If you could update us on that statement, that is question number one, and then question number two is just kind of looking out a little bit more, the North American ECA, the new fuel standards, how do you guys feel about your ability to deal with those as they start to phase in, I think, in the middle of 2012, and the potential impact on your fuel costs?
Micky Arison: I am going to take a pass on the first part of your question and kind of defer to my 2 to 3 years starting in 13 and kind of leave it at that.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
David Bernstein: ECA, as far as ECA is concerned Tim, you know, we did disclose in our 10-K that for 2012 the impact on our fuel costs would be somewhere in the range of $50 million to $70 million, which took into account not only the North American ECA, but other rules and regulations around the world.
Howard Frank: Tim, on the ECA issue, I think a large part of those costs are related to failings in Alaska and to some degree Hawaii. We dont have that much capacity in Hawaii, and were still working to see if we can get some deferral of the implementation of the ECA in those waters. I dont know if we will successful but its something were working on.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, and I guess
Howard Frank: But greatly (inaudible) effect that David talked about.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. That was the root of my question is over the year-to-date here, has anything changed where you feel that that cost impact would be lower. And I noticed that recently also Costa announced that a ship that is currently visiting, I think, the Canadian New England itineraries will not be returning, I think, in '11 or '12. So you are working more on the deferral side, and anything I guess internal from  whether that would be scrubbing technology or change in some potential engine types or anything like that?
Howard Frank: Well, it gets very complicated but there is the whole concept of reducing consumption or equivalencies if you will of other ways of saving or having less pollution in the eco-zones. And by the way relative to the St. Lawrence Seaway, were also working with the Canadian authorities, local Canadian authorities to see if we can get some help in that area, but it gets to be very complicated. We are working. We are trying to mitigate it to the extent possible. So hopefully what David has given you is the worse  is the worst-case thesis, and hopefully it will be less than that.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
David Bernstein: And I think as far as new technologies and things its more of a longer-term strategy, and the shorter term is the deferral and reduced fuel consumption which we continue to work on.
Howard Frank: And were also working on the scrubber technology but thats not with a whole lot of success yet, but I think its  we are still working on it. We are working with a number of companies in the area, as are many of our competitors in the cruise industry. So, were trying to find other solutions to this issue.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Lazard Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Harry Curtis - Lazard Capital Markets: Good morning. A quick question for Micky, when you consider the last two recoveries, what does your experience tell you about how the 2010 recovery is going to be different?
Micky Arison: Well, the world is so different now that the size of our business, the global nature of our business, its so hard to translate past. I mean, historically we bounced back in two to three years.
Beth Roberts: Three years.
Micky Arison: So,  but its so hard to make the comparison and, you know, if you were to tell me six months ago that wed have to be dealing with volcanoes and earthquakes and oil spills, and have to navigate through that in a quarter. I mean, if you look at our risk section, I dont think Volcano was in that, and you think we will throw the kitchen sink at it, and somehow weve been able to navigate through that. Our guys have done a great job, and all I can say is that you know, well recover as quickly as demand will allow us to, and that really depends on a lot of things, clearly the economy and how the economy does is going to be a factor, just like its going to be a factor for all leisure businesses.
Harry Curtis - Lazard Capital Markets: Do you have any sense of, going back to the prior consumer question, of the condition of the consumer in this recovery, again compared to the last two recoveries?
Micky Arison: You know, we saw, the interesting comment we saw from an analyst right after the announcement was that our volumes, in the press release we set a slightly up versus last year, and the comment was that last year was a disaster, and I think everybody forgets that we had a huge bounce back in March of last year in volumes. Now, that was at much lower prices, but our volumes were extraordinarily strong from March on last year.
Beth Roberts: They were up 26%.
Micky Arison: They were up 26%, and when we said were up slightly, we were talking volume year-over-year at higher prices. So we took that as a very bullish statement and immediately, the analyst came out and said it was a negative statement. So its very interesting, I mean, the reality is that the bounce back was very strong. It happened very quickly because if you consider the financial crisis in September to be bouncing back as strong as we did in March, albeit at much lower prices, I think it was a very encouraging sign that the consumer viewed our product as a very, very value-oriented product, and one that has great value.
Harry Curtis - Lazard Capital Markets: In the last couple of recoveries, you were able to get your pricing back in just over a year. Do you think that it is too aggressive to think that it will come back that quickly this time?
Micky Arison: You can tell me what the economy is going to do over the next 12 months. Ill tell you, but, you know, it really is very, very 
Howard Frank: Youd think that it is a little bit different and weve got these really unprecedented levels of unemployment that were all dealing with in North America, and an economy thats recovering but not quickly, not dramatically, and I think its reflected in  what we are seeing in the business, and I think it may be a longer haul recovery, and I think thats what the kind of our model  were modeling on a longer haul basis as we look at our yields and saying, this is not all going to come back in a year or two. It may take another year or even more. So I think its going to be a long haul.
Micky Arison: One other thing that everybody is talking about is austerity, you know, budget issues, raising taxes, whether its in the UK or the US, and obviously you raise taxes, thats going to have a negative impact on the consumer.
Howard Frank: Yes, I think the current administration and even the Congress is taking, you know, some of these things that youre doing is really going to hurt the consumer. There is no question about it. And well feel that. So that will slow the recovery as well. Its surprising because you think the one thing that they would be working on is jobs, and getting more jobs and that you have to pump money in the economy to do that, and  but thats not whats happening. Its just reverse. Were taking money of it.
Micky Arison: I guess what were saying is  and I think weve said this all along is were much more susceptible to geopolitical events than our business itself, and all we can say is that the economy is weak that we will outperform other forms of leisure, and I think we proved that time and time again, but not  but we will be impacted.
Harry Curtis - Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks, guys.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Egger with Affiliated Research. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Egger - Affiliated Research: Good morning. It was pretty clear from your previous comments that you have experienced no demand or operational impact from the oil spill in the Gulf region. And my question is, at some point if that situation were to change, do you have any flexibility to change the homeport status of the ships you have got home ported in New Orleans and Mobile? I mean I think there are two, but I don't know if midseason or mid-programs they are established, if there is any operational flexibility to change itineraries with the base of origin for ships that are home ported in those two ports?
Micky Arison: We dont believe that should be necessary. Even if there is an oil issue that there is a cleaning process. If you go through to clean the oil as they come in and out of port. So we would  it would delay our arrivals and departures and wed have to adjust for that, but as I said to date, we have not had to clean at all, which is a testament to the captains and their ability to maneuver around this thing, and hopefully as we get close at August, this thing will get capped and we can all move on.
Howard Frank: Yes, I think hopefully everything suggests that the worst is over. Theyre certainly limiting the amount of oil coming out right now, and hopefully by mid-August or even earlier we will have it fully cut off. So I think the worst is over. Brian, I havent heard your name in a long, long time.
Brian Egger - Affiliated Research: Yes, good to be back. Thanks again.
Howard Frank: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. You said earlier this quarter that you are discontinuing air transportation bookings. Can you talk a little bit about how significant that is? I know that is a low portion of your business, but what impact that will have and how it might filter through?
Howard Frank: We didnt say that. Carnival Cruise Lines change their air policies not to sell lets say air deviations, because air is such a small piece of their business, but all the other brands are still, have made no change and Carnival still sells its traditionally Fly Away non-deviated [ph] program. So, you know, its a very small piece of our business. I dont know what the percentage of it.
David Bernstein: It is like 10%.
Beth Roberts: It is like 10% in the quarter.
David Bernstein: And in fact I think it was last quarter that Princess implemented their easy air [ph], where you can now book either our standard air program or restricted air at the time of booking for the cruise to make it easier for the consumer. So, each brand has got their own strategy thats appropriate for them.
Howard Frank: Yes, Carnival Cruise Lines just eliminated one part of their air program, and thats all that was announced. We didnt announce anything across the board.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Oh, okay. Thanks for clarifying that. If I could dwell on Europe for just one more second here, although I know we are beating it to a pulp, you have said that demand trend has been great in Europe despite the economic headwinds here. If the economic headwinds continue for another three to six months, is it possible that some of the reaction by the European consumer is just delayed given booking patterns and whatnot and that three, six months from now, if the trend gets no worse, but stays the way it is, that that will start to show up in the bookings?
Howard Frank: You know, you never  it is hard to predict, but you know, Janet, the European consumer tends to be  have more ability to consume in these environment, because theyre not as strong out as in North America. They dont have the housing issue that we still continue to have in North America. They dont have the larger mortgages as we have in North America. It is a very different consumer.
Micky Arison: Theyre not buying the cruises on credit.
Howard Frank: Yes. So, I dont think so. I mean, we found over the years that the European consumer is far more resilient than their North American counterparts.
Micky Arison: I think were also losing sight of the fact that it still despite the growth an under penetrated market, and still significantly behind North America as far as penetration, and so it there is still a lot of growth left.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Right, now if we look at the North American consumer in Europe, is there any fear around the Mediterranean bookings? I mean are the North Americans at all gun-shy about economic events in Athens, and the potential for riots or anything as they are booking or are they pretty comfortable on the same booking patterns relative to the Mediterranean?
Micky Arison: We havent seen any concern. Obviously, if there was an issue, an issue in Athens, we would just divert around it. We do not use Athens as a home port. So we really dont have an issue there. No, its not a  it hasnt been a problem. If there was any problem at all as we said earlier was the premium brands saw some hiccup during the severe volatility in May in the markets.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Milota  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. I was hoping to speak a little bit more about the forward bookings and appreciate your commentary on the European consumer. I was hoping you might be able to give us some commentary on what you have seen from the booking curve for the European customer and also domestically for North America. Have you seen a lengthening or shortening in the booking curve, and how much inventory you have left to sell for the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year for both regions?
Howard Frank: Well, the curve is about at the same levels as last year. There is no discernible difference. It kind of moves, sometimes it moves above the line, sometimes it moves below the line. I dont not exactly where it is right now, but its more or less about the same.
David Bernstein: As far as whats left to sell, I mean, we dont give out the exact booking, advance booking percentages, but typically for the next quarter, which in this case would be the third quarter, we are always 85% to 95% booked two quarters out, which is the fourth quarter. Our historical range is 55% to 75% booked, and for three quarters out, which would be the first quarter, traditionally we are in the range of 30% to 50% booked and were still in those historical ranges.
Kevin Milota  JP Morgan: Okay, many thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Rennardson - Bank of America: Yes, good afternoon. It is Ian Rennardson, Bank of America. A quick question on the dividend, you maintained it at $0.10 I think for this quarter. Things seem to be progressing pretty well. When do you think you might consider a raise in the dividend? Thank you.
David Bernstein: The dividend is a board decision. The board, of course, takes up the dividend at every meeting because they do have to declare it. The board is well aware of the financial situation with the company, as well as the reduced CapEx next year, and you know, I dont want to predict what the board will say, but they will make an appropriate decision at the right time to change the dividend. I dont want to project what theyll say or what theyll decide.
Ian Rennardson - Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Co.: Hi, good morning. David, I was hoping you could go over on the net cruise cost, the reduction that you had there. How much of that is due to a stronger US dollar and if you could give us a rule of thumb as to what percent of your net cruise costs are in non-US dollar?
David Bernstein: Well, basically we do give the cruise costs out in current dollars. So, for instance, when I was talking about like for the second quarter being down 4.9% that is in current dollars. I dont have the overall cost in terms of the costs themselves but typically what we do say is that if the US Dollar strengthens or weakens by about 10% versus all currencies, it impacts our bottom line by about $160 million or $0.20 a share. So since weve got so much of our revenue in foreign currencies as well as cost there is a  there are offsetting factors there and the impact is $0.20.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time Im showing that there are no further questions from the phone lines. So Ill turn the conference back to our speakers for their continuing presentation or closing remarks. Thank you.
Howard Frank: Thank you all very much for your good questions, and as you know, Beth is available to answer calls and provide any more details that you may need, that shes able to do after the call, and I look forward to seeing you everybody soon. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-03-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard Frank  Vice Chairman and COO David Bernstein  SVP and CFO Micky Arison  Chairman and CEO Beth Roberts  VP, IR
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein Assia Georgieva  Infinity Research Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs Tim Conder  Wells Fargo Jeff Jones [ph]  Citigroup Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley Robin Farley  UBS Kevin Milota  JP Morgan Ian Renderson [ph]  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Sharon Zackfia  William Blair Corporation Tim Ramskill  Credit Suisse Joe Hovorka  Raymond James Securities
Operator:
 : It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank: Good morning everyone. With me this morning in Miami is Beth Roberts, David Bernstein, and Micky Arison, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Carnival. And what we will do is as we normally do is I will throw it over to David, and he can give you the full color on the first quarter of 2010, and then will come back to me, and I will give you  I will start to discuss the outlook situation going forward. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. I will begin the conference call by reading the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnivals earnings press release and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For the first quarter our EPS was $0.22 per share. The first quarter came in above the midpoint of our December guidance by $0.12 per share. This was driven by a few things. First, the $0.05 per share again during the quarter from the sale of P&O Cruises' Artemis. Second, revenue yields that came in better than expected, declining 2.3% in constant dollars versus our December guidance of down 3% to 4%, which was worth $0.04 per share, which came from higher than expected pricing on last-minute bookings. Third, a variety of cost savings measures and timing of certain expenses, which benefited us to the tune of $0.05 per share. All of this was partially offset by higher fuel prices costing $0.02 per share. In addition there were other small items going both ways that netted out to zero. Now let us take a look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year, our capacity increased 9.6% for the first quarter of 2010 with the majority of the increase going to our European brands. Our European brands grew 14.5% while our North American brands grew 5%. As I previously mentioned, overall net revenue yields in local currency declined 2.3% in the first quarter versus the prior year. Now lets take a look at the two components of net revenue yields. For net ticket yields we saw a yield decline of 4% in local currency. Our North American brands were down 2.6% driven by declines in all itineraries. Our European brands experienced 6% lower local currency ticket yields driven by your challenging winter season in the Brazilian market, which had significant increases in capacity this past winter. If you exclude the six ships we had in Brazil, the European brands only saw a yield decline of 1% in local currency on significantly higher capacity for our continental European brands. For net onboard and other yields, we reported a yield increase of 3% in local currency. The increase was driven by minimum guaranteed payments for calendar year 2009 and a one-time other revenue item related to a litigation settlement. Without these items the first-quarter on board and other yields would have been essentially flat. This is a trend which we anticipated and we are forecasting for the remainder of the year. In summary, because of our advanced bookings, we all know that that is a time lag between the price changes and our reported revenue yields. So let us keep in mind that as a result of this time lag for the first quarter of last year, our net revenue yields in local currency only declined 5.2% as the quarter benefited from bookings that were taken prior to the financial crisis in late 2008. However, in the second, third, and fourth quarters of last year we experienced revenue yields that were down about 10% to 12%, thus feeling the full effect of the economic crisis. Therefore, we are very encouraged by the 2.3% decline in the first quarter of this year. I say this because if you combine this year's decline of 2.3% with the 5.2% decline from last year, the combined decline of 7.5% is less than the 10% to 12% decline in the second, third and fourth quarters of last year. We also expect the sequential improvement that we saw in the first quarter will continue throughout the remainder of the year. On the cost side, in order to get an apples-to-apples comparison, you need to exclude the 44 million reduction in other ship operating expenses for the recognition of the gain on the sale of P&O Cruises' Artemis. When you do that, our cruise costs per lower berth day excluding fuel and in local currency were down 4.5% versus the prior year. However, because of the timing of certain expenses the best measure of cruise costs are on an annual basis, which I will touch on in a moment. The strength of our revenue and cost performance in the first quarter 2010 was clearly masked by rising fuel prices. Fuel prices this quarter were 80% higher than last year and the cost was an additional $176 million or $0.22 per share. However, as a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel consumption, I'm happy to report that our fuel consumption per ALB day declined 3.1% in the first quarter, continuing our multiple year savings trend. Turning to our 2010 outlook, I will skip the net revenue yields as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, net cruise costs per available lower berth date for the full year, again excluding fuel and in local currency are projected to be down 2% to 3%. The decline is driven by the gain on the sale of P&O Cruises' Artemis, lower dry dock costs and tight cost control. Based on the current spot price for fuel, the fuel price for the full year is projected to be $507 per metric ton for 2010 versus $363 per metric ton for 2009 costing an additional $483 million or $0.60 per share. So in the end fuel is driving our costs up and therefore in current dollars and including fuel our costs are expected to be up 3.5% to 4.5%. At this point I will turn the conference call over to Howard.
Howard Frank: Thank you David. As we indicated in the press release as a result of the continuing strength of the booking pattern during wave season, we have been able to increase revenue yield guidance on a local currency basis for 2010 to a 2% to 3% range from a flat to 1% increase from our previous guidance. Current dollar revenue yields are forecasted to increase in the 2% to 3% range as a result of the weakening sterling and Euro currencies. During the last nine week period, on a fleet-wide basis bookings for the next three quarters are up 8% with pricing for these bookings running 17% higher on a year-over-year basis. Breaking this down by markets, North American brand bookings are higher by 7% with pricing up 26% on these bookings, and European brand bookings are higher by 10% with local currency pricing up by 6%. As we indicated during the last quarter call, our cumulative level of bookings had essentially caught up with historical booking levels, and during the late fall we started to selectively raise pricing. During the wave season, we have been able to more broadly increased pricing and still achieve booking volumes consistent with our capacity increase for the remainder of 2010. North American brands which have a 3% increase in capacity over the next nine months, pricing on bookings for this last nine week period has been higher for all itineraries with particular pricing strength in Europe and long and exotic cruises. As a result of the reduced capacity in the Alaska market, Alaska pricing is showing some improvement, but is still well behind pricing we achieved in prior years. The current strength in the booking pattern for all itineraries is a very positive development for our seasonally strong third quarter. All North American brands with the exception of Seabourn are forecasting increased yields for the year with more significant yield increases forecasted for our premium brand. However, I should remind you that the premium brands took the pricing hits last year. So it is not surprising to see the stronger comeback. Seabourn, our six star luxury brand, which has a 57% increase in capacity, is forecasting lower yields for the year. So given the attractiveness of Seabourns pricing in the market it is a good time for all of you out there who are listening to book a luxury Seabourn cruise. For our European brands, our capacity is up 11% over the remaining three quarters. Pricing for bookings during the last nine week period is higher, with virtually all itineraries with pricing for European cruises, which makes up the majority of European brand itineraries running nicely higher year over year. With the exception of Costa NIE [ph], which have significant capacity increases, the remaining European brands are forecasting flat pricing in 2010. Pricing for Costa NIE is expected to be slightly lower for the year, but given the continuing softness in European economies this is not a surprising result. Indeed, most of the pricing erosion for the continental European brands will be in the first-half of the year with Costa and Ibero being particularly impacted by challenging winter season in the Brazil market, which is what David pointed out, which had significant increases in capacity in the first quarter. Despite the continuing softness in Spain's economy, our Spanish cruise company IberoCruceros has begun to show improvement with stable revenue yield forecasted for the remainder of the year, and that is with the 31% increase in capacity. Although the Spanish market continues to be a challenge, we believe that this market has great potential, and once the economy recovers Ibero will be a very profitable business for us. To provide some perspective on our European business, it is important to remember that the decline in European revenue yields in the 2009 year was far less than what we experienced for our North American brands, something in the neighborhood of down 6% for Europe, versus down 13% in North America. So looking at our yield performance over the two-year period, our European brand revenue yields have held up far better than North American brands. And the European brands have had more capacity, far more capacity during this period. On a fleet wide basis, since our previous guidance last December, we have raised constant dollar revenue forecast by approximately $170 million for 2010. We are also forecasting net cost of expenses, including interest and other items will be lower by approximately $112 million. Offsetting these positive variances from our December guidance is increased forecasted cost for fuel for the year of $117 million and the negative impact of the strengthening US dollar, which amounts to about $85 million. The net result of all these changes from our previous December guidance is a positive swing of $80 million. So we are increasing our December guidance by $0.10 a share to $2.25 to $2.35 for the year or the midpoint of $2.30. Now let me give you some color on each of the quarters for the remainder of 2010. For the second quarter on an overall basis, our fleet wide capacity is up 8.3%, 4% for our North American brands, 13% for our European brands. At this juncture, fleet wide occupancies are about level with last year, slightly higher in North America, and slightly lower in Europe which given the 13% capacity increase in European brands is well within our expectations. We have experience continued pricing strength in the second quarter bookings during the last nine weeks and as a result we are now forecasting local currency yield increases in the range of 1% to 2%. With respect to our North American brands for the second quarter, Caribbean itineraries represent 57% of capacity and long and exotic cruises 26% with the balance in various other itineraries. Pricing for North American brands is slightly higher than a year ago, and continues to improve, but of course there is still  there is very little inventory left to sell. We expect second-quarter North American revenue yields to be higher by approximately 2%. European brands capacity is 57% in Europe and 35% in long and exotic cruises with the balance in other itineraries. At the present time, local currency pricing for European brands is slightly lower than last year's levels. Similar to North American brands there is very little inventory left to sell. European itinerary pricing and occupancies are slightly lower than last year, and we're forecasting local currency European yields also to be slightly lower for the second quarter. As I previously mentioned, for the second quarter fleet wide currency, local currency revenue yields are forecasted to be up 1% to 2%, and on a current dollar basis 2.5% to 3.5% versus last year. However, fuel costs are expected to be higher by $176 million versus last year or approximately $0.22 a share. Based on these factors we're guiding to $0.26 to $0.30 earnings per share range for the second quarter versus $0.33 for the year ago second quarter. Now turning to the very important, seasonally important third quarter. On a fleet wide basis, capacity for the third quarter is up 6.2%; 3.7% of that is for our North America companies, and 8% for our European companies. Fleet wide occupancies in the third quarter are nicely higher, more significantly higher for North American brands, but also higher for our European brands despite the 8% capacity increase. North American brand capacity in the third quarter is 40% Caribbean; 25% in Alaska, which is down from last year; and 16% in Europe, which is also down from last year. Currently pricing and occupancy are higher for virtually all itineraries with solid pricing improvements in Europe for North American brand European programs, and more modest pricing improvements for the Alaska programs. While we are seeing pricing improvement in Alaska because of the reduced capacity, Alaska cruise tour business is down again from last year and continues to be a challenge for us. Pricing for Caribbean and all other programs is higher and booking momentum over the last nine weeks has been strong. Because of the strong booking environment and currently higher year-over-year occupancies we have been able to raise ticket pricing, and are now forecasting significant increases in North American brand yields in the third quarter. As you know, our forecasted yield guidance includes both ticket prices and on board and other revenues. Because of the wide dispersion of forecasted pricing in the two revenue streams for our North American brands in the third quarter, I will provide guidance estimates for each revenue stream. Our forecasted ticket revenue yield for the North American brands is now expected to increase in the low double-digit levels in the third quarter, reflecting the stronger than expected comeback from last year's deeply discounted prices. And our on board and other pricing is currently forecasted at flat on a year-over-year basis. Combining the two revenue streams, we are forecasting revenue yield improvement in the high single digit levels for the third quarter, and this is for our North American brand. European brands, which are substantially in European itineraries in the third quarter, currently on a combined basis European brand pricing is slightly lower than a year ago, but the pricing gap continues to close as booking demand remained strong. Based on the current booking pattern, we are forecasting flattish to perhaps slightly lower local currency revenue yields for our European brands for the third quarter. As previously said, this has been entirely satisfactory result given the capacity increase in our European brands, combined with the sluggish European economies. On a fleet wide basis for the third quarter, combining North America, Europe and our Asia Pacific brands, we are now forecasting local currency revenue yield increase in the mid-single digit levels for the third quarter. Turning now to the fourth quarter, on a fleet wide basis, capacity for the fourth quarter is up 6.1%, 1.7% of that is the North American brands and 10.6% for European brands. The fourth quarter booking picture is encouraging, but is still early in the booking cycle so I caution not to read too much into the early picture that I will provide you. For North American brands, we're 50% in Caribbean itineraries, 28% in long and exotic cruises with the balance in various other itineraries. Pricing is higher in virtually all fourth-quarter itineraries, but with currently lower occupancies. However, fourth-quarter booking demand is strengthening as significantly higher pricing and the occupancy gap has closed over the last nine weeks. For European brands, 73% in Europe, and the balance in various other itineraries. European itinerary occupancies and local currency pricing are higher year-over-year and booking demand for European brands is holding steady at pricing well above last year. While it is still early to have a more precise picture for fleet wide fourth-quarter pricing, we're forecasting local currency revenue yields will be nicely higher in the fourth quarter. And with that, that summary of the outlook, I will turn it back to the operator for questions from everyone. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Hi guys. Excuse me. Good morning. Hi, David, just a quick housekeeping, when you had talked about the 19 million settlement and the impact it had on your on-board yields, can you just combine that and just let us know what the impact it was on your overall yields, just if you combine ticket and on-board?
David Bernstein: Yes. For the first quarter it was probably three quarters of a percent.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay.
David Bernstein: So, we would have instead of being 2.3%, would have been 3%.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then David you talked about cost and the benefit that you got in the quarter, some of it had to do with timing. I was just wondering if you could just walk us through in more detail what exactly that meant, and then I'm just wondering with costs, what you didn't know when you gave the guidance in December versus what you ended up knowing today, you know, or as you reported the quarter?
David Bernstein: Sure. I been more broadly in December we talked about costs being down 1% to 2%. Now the cost guidance is down 2% to 3%. So we have increased the reduction by a whole percent. About half of that has to do with the gain on the sale of the P&O Artemis, and really the other half has a lot to do with the fact that, you know, we perhaps underestimated the favorable impact of all of the actions that we had taken to reduce costs. You know, when you go through and you try to plan out some of the fuel consumption savings or what we have done with the port negotiations or the impact of e-ticket documents and a whole bunch of other things, I think when you get into the detail you find that some of our operating companies just simply underestimated the favorable impact, and we are now actually starting to see that flow through. So we were able to increase the cost guidance reduction by an additional 0.5% over and above the gain in the sale of the ship.
Howard Frank: Felicia, I think  this is Howard. I think broadly speaking; our operating executives will tend to hold back on reducing costs in their forecasted budgets until they actually achieve them, because they don't want to come back to us with a negative surprise, especially in the cost area. So this tends to be on balance a tendency to perhaps overestimate cost. That is the whole lot, but by some amount, but it all adds up  if you add up all the companies because they rather be safe than sorry at the end of the day. So there is that tendency, and I think this is the track record weve had for a few years now with these. That's okay. We are okay with that.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: It is okay. Thank you. I just wanted to understand that. I'm just on the (inaudible). In Alaska that there has been some press, the governor seems to be getting more I guess positive in terms of helping to rectify the situation there with the tax. You know, obviously it is probably a long road politically, I was wondering if you could make some comments, but more specifically you know if something were to happen this year with the capacity that you have there, is there any way that we should think about the potential cost savings that you could get from the ships that are already there if there were some kind of legislation change?
Micky Arison: Well, first of all we were clearly encourage by the fact that the governor devoted time to come down here and learn a little bit about the industry. I think it is the first time I have ever met a Governor from Alaska. And so we viewed that as clearly very positive. The meetings went very well. I think we came away learning some political realities in Alaska, and I think he came away with a better understanding of our industry. So I think all of that is positive. If what he is proposing passes the session, it is going to be too late for this summer to affect pricing. My guess is, although we haven't really discussed it, is we would get the money back to the passengers through on board credits, which hopefully would have some minor impact on our on-board revenue for the Alaska season. But then of course it will affect pricing for 2011. So if this proposal passes, it is a great first step in turning the situation around in Alaska and very encouraging.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks.
Micky Arison: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear from Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. As I understand that you are saying that there is revenue you dont pressure on your European results. For very good reasons with capacity through Q2 and Q3, and then you are going positive perhaps in Q4. Is that correct in if so, do you see that positive trend continuing during the (inaudible)?
David Bernstein: I think Janet, I think broadly speaking we are saying it is flattish to slightly down in each of the quarters. Fourth quarter is still early to tell, but it probably will be in the same range.
Micky Arison: Similar to what we had in the first quarter ex-Brazil, I think we had down one, ex-Brazil, and we only have Brazil in the first quarter. There is no Brazil in the following quarters. So it is pretty consistent with what we saw in the first quarter.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Are you seeing any sense of a turnaround in (inaudible), and given the strength we are seeing in the UK on the hotel side, are you saying that same strength in the UK in cruise time?
David Bernstein: We have added capacity. We have added another ship into the Spanish market beginning this spring, and we are pleased that it seems to be, everything seems to be booking okay. And we are hopeful that we will have flattish yields for the remainder of the year including the 31% capacity increase from this additional ship that is for Spain.
Micky Arison: I don't think we are seeing a turnaround in Spain. I think the reason why Spain has stabilized as you have to remember that we only took full control of the operation a year ago last March, which was clearly too late to affect last year. Up until that time the operation was totally in control of Orizonia in Spain. We believe that the team that we put together in Spain now are doing a much better job, and have stabilized the situation. We also believe that once the economy turns in Spain, and that new management team is going to be able to take advantage of it and do very well.
David Bernstein: In the UK market, I think we have been very pleased with the P&O and Cunards performance. Despite a very weak economy in the UK, I think a large measure; a lot of that business comes from a demographic that is not as much affected by the economic cycles and unemployment issues and so forth. And you know, even in the UK unemployment is not at the same levels as they are in the US. We are somewhere in the mid-7% I think. So basically business is holding up quite nicely in the UK. We are adding the P&O Azura, which arrives in April, for us to sale in April, and then at the end of the year I think sometime in September, we have the Queen Elizabeth that is added to the Cunard fleet. So we got a lot of new capacity coming in, but overall I think we are quite pleased with what we are seeing in the UK.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: If I could just ask one more quick clarifying question, you said that you are a higher price brands were having a stronger comeback, as it might be expected, and Seabourn was forecasting lower yields. Could you just define a little bit why Seabourn isnt following that pattern?
David Bernstein: I think you have to understand that Seabourn, first of all our highest priced product, and second of all for two decades Seabourn capacity was only 600 beds. And by this summer the capacity will go from 600 beds to 1500 beds, and for a brand that has been that small for that long, it is going to take some time for them to absorb that capacity, unlike our premium brands that have very little capacity that they have taken on this year.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
David Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva from Infinity Research. Please proceed.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Good morning. I had a couple of questions. One is a follow-up to Felicias question, the Alaska head tax, given that Princess South America [ph], the Carnival spirit, the Royal Caribbean celebrity, everyone here expected 2011 itineraries, would you expect some sort of action by the legislature in Alaska over the near term, and Micky, I am sure you may have an answer to this.
Micky Arison: What I  the question is what I expect from action? All I can tell you
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Very quick action.
Micky Arison: Well, the session I believe is only four or five weeks more to run. So if there is an action in the next four or five weeks, there won't be action this year. All I can say is that the governor has made a proposal, and whether that passes or not, you know, I have no idea. I would think based on what has happened, the understanding that the governor now has on the way the industry operates, and the huge negative impact it has had on Alaska, there is a I think a likelihood, and this is a guess on my part that it will pass. But I don't know, I obviously don't know the sentiment of legislature. I do know that the governor is fully supportive of the bill he has introduced.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Well, but I think the gesture by all the major cruise bins [ph] in the two public companies is significant enough to, you know, help, push the legislature along.
Micky Arison: I'm not sure what you're referring to. The only thing that we have, the only thing that we have agreed to do is to drop our losses in exchange for this legislature.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: But there is also  pricing available for 2011 Alaska cruises, the itinerary may be subject to modification and the number of ships that might operate there correct?
Micky Arison: No. I can't speak for all our competitors, but our itineraries are in place for 2011. We explained to the governor that would be impossible for us to make any changes at this time and he understood that. You know, when this initiative passed, the backers of the initiative one, have no skin in the game, and two, have little understanding of our industry. And so after one year when nothing happened they claimed victory and the reality is that for something to happen it takes time. It takes lead time and now they're feeling, years later they are now feeling the full impact of the initiative. It will take a similar if not longer amount of time to recover, and there are number of ways to recover and then it's not just additional capacity, but also as Howard pointed out our cruise store business, which is what from an economic point of view is the best business for Alaska, because it's into the interior, it's on the motor coaches, it's on the rail cars, it's into the hotels in Alaska, and that business has been really very, very highly impacted and to get those jobs back and to get that economic engine going again it's not just beds, but its crew stores that have to be sold and marketed, and we need to work together with Alaska to do that, and I think  as I said this is a good first step to head in that direction.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And it seems that even with the 33% reduction that is being proposed at this point, and given that Alaska is about 20% of your capacity in Q3 that just purely doing the math would help you by about 2% in yield in Q3, and probably help EPS by about $0.10 in 2011. Is that roughly
David Bernstein: To be honest with you we are having a hard enough time trying to forecast 2010 much less 2011. We can move on from this.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay. Could I ask a question on the
David Bernstein: But if you didnt hear Beth corrected you by saying it was, sorry Beth.
Beth Roberts: 15% of overall capacity in the third quarter.
David Bernstein: 15% of overall capacity.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: 15, okay. I thought it was 19, but thank you Beth. I appreciate it, and could I ask one question on one-time items, across the Europe our charters with Thomson, and the cancellation of the two voyages also Star Princess impact following the Chile earthquake and if you can quantify in Q1 the minimum guarantees and the tax benefit, which I imagine is either things you can carry or some cost related items?
David Bernstein: Yes, the  if you look at the bottom of the P&L we have footnotes that basically quantify you know, the minimum guarantee, the litigation settlement, the tax benefits and all of the other positive one-time items. There were also some ship incidences as you mentioned in the first quarter, which was probably in the range of $0.03 to $0.04 a share.
Micky Arison: It's all in our numbers. It's in our forecast as well. I would point out that the guarantee items are not necessarily onetime items. This is a reconciliation that goes on every year. The reason why it falls into our first quarter because it really relates to the prior year is because all of our agreements are calendar, which means the reconciliations are done in January, and normally in a normal year or good year the number is too small to even footnote, but because we had down onboard revenues the number grew much higher and that therefore had to be footnoted, but it is a reconciliation, the reconciliation every year.
David Bernstein: By the way, could I ask that as we go forward on this that in the interest of everybody having questions that we limit it to only two questions per person. Thank you.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: I was trying to make them into two, but with several footnotes. Okay. I appreciate that is in Alaska. I will bother Beth later. Thank you so much.
Micky Arison: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall from John W. Bristol. Please proceed.
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: Hi guys. Nice numbers. Can you talk about the behavior of the two premium brands, you know, since they serve different demographics, is Princess behaving differently than Holland in North America?
Micky Arison: Not really Rick. Theyve both have made a very strong comeback. I mean, you're right that they do have a slightly different demographic, but both brands seem to have made very strong comebacks. The comeback numbers are very close to each other actually.
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: Okay. That is good news. And then can you comment on fuel efficiency assumptions for the full year, 3.1% saving in the first quarter, but you have got initiatives that I imagine are rolling out as you dry dock ships et cetera. So what is the  is there a progression to that number?
David Bernstein: You know, when we did our original December guidance, we had talked about a 1.5% for the year, and so we had indicated at that time that that was a conservative number, and we really still probably have a conservative number within the balance of the year at this point. We are still working with the operating companies to try to take every dollar out of their fuel consumption, but we could see a little bit more than we are currently forecasting.
Micky Arison: Since we started, the  really heavy effort to reduce consumption in our carbon footprint. Every quarter weve beaten our internal estimates of what we can save. So hopefully that will continue.
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
David Bernstein: Thanks Rick.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi, two questions. One, can you just talk about selling and building more ships. What are you seeing on the assets sale front, is there more to look forward to and how do you view that and then on the building side, just it sounds like the shipyards are clamoring for more business, and what are you seeing on the pricing side of that and then just, Howard, on second, third and fourth quarter what percentage of volume is booked right now or some measure of that, if you could give us that?
Howard Frank: Okay. Let Micky talk about the ship situation.
Micky Arison: Obviously, as you know, weve been talking about this Princess deal for a very long time, and actually we've been working on it for almost 2 years because of the financial crisis, because of these huge fluctuations in steel and component parts, as well as dealing in a prototype and negotiating based on getting the kinds of returns we require in a very tough yield environment. It has taken two years to do this deal and it's not done yet. I mean, we are very hopeful that the final contracts will be signed by April, but we're still working on it, and because of that and because we don't have another deal right behind it or when we work  we put all our focus on finalizing this Princess deal, it's going to take a while before you see anything else. I wouldn't be surprised if we don't do another deal this year, although it's possible particularly for a sister, but for prototype it's going to take the kind of time that it took to do this Princess deal. So I don't expect anything very quickly after the Princess deal is finalized hopefully in April. As far as the competitive landscape, we understand that there is some movement now as youre right, the prices are more attractive and some of our competitors are looking at potential projects, but like I said we have nothing, beyond the Princess deal we have nothing that's hot right now.
Howard Frank: Steve, as far as the future quarter bookings are concerned, we don't give out the detailed numbers by quarter, but weve always said that historically at the time of the conference call typically the next quarter, which in this case is second-quarter is 85% to 95% booked. The following quarter for the third quarter would be historically 55% to 75% booked, and for the fourth quarter historically 30% to 50% booked. So that's what we have said historically and this year falls within those ranges.
Micky Arison: The other point I'd like to make about shipbuilding, I thought a little bit is that, you know, yes prices are down from where they were 18 months ago or two years ago, but these are obviously very, very big capital expenditures. They are for long-term assets and if the price is down 10% or 15% from where they were two years ago. That is not going to entice us to build a ship we wouldnt have otherwise built. Clearly wed be happier with lower rather than higher, but we're not going to build ships we don't need.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: But Micky to be clear you still think that you are under penetrated, especially in a lot of markets, and at some point, you do have to add that capacity in order to stimulate that demand?
Micky Arison: Yes, and we said that two or three ships going forward beyond 12, 13 is probably a reasonable estimate to model from, but you know, some years may be one ship less, and some years maybe one ship more, but overall we think two or three over the long-term is probably the right number for us.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line out Tim Conder from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Thank you. David, just a little bit more of a housekeeping item. Could you elaborate a little bit on the cost that you said from a timing perspective, and then the litigation and tax gains that you recognized in the first quarter, was that baked into your initial guidance in December?
David Bernstein: As far as the litigation was concerned, we knew about that early in December. So that was baked in, but when it comes to the tax gains that was not baked in, but remember there were also some ship incidences and other things that we werent aware of in December. So some of these other extraneous items netted out as far as the guidance was concerned.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Right. It usually does all the time. I mean there is always something every quarter. Okay.
David Bernstein: Yes, and as far as the cost items, you know, in the first quarter we really  the timing of some of the expenses is always very difficult by quarter, particularly on the SG&A side. So, you know, we did see some timing and some of our operating companies pushing out some of the things that they had originally forecast it to be spent in the first quarter, which is why we saw a 4.5% reduction in the first quarter versus what I was talking about 2% to 3% for the balance of the year. The timing of the expenses is very tricky. You're talking about $6 billion of net cruise cost trying to project all that in the perfect timing by quarter does get difficult at times.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Okay, very fair. Very fair. And then finally on the EU side, any color you can give is, I mean historically the onboard spend in the EU has trailed that of North America, but that, you guys have been working on that for several years and have narrowed that, and but just any color as how the current state of trends are going onboard in the EU versus the US and just I guess the mix of the EU of the ticket versus the onboard?
David Bernstein: Well, in the  our European brands are still currently below our North American brands. Basically broadly speaking, the Europeans drink more and gamble less than the North Americans, but overall, on balance they are spending a bit less onboard, and that's been pretty consistent as far as back as I can remember and it still remains the same.
Howard Frank: Europeans are much more virtuous population than Americans.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo: Okay, thank you Howard.
Micky Arison: Howard was kidding.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup. Please proceed.
Jeff Jones  Citigroup: Hi, this is Jeff Jones [ph] actually speaking on behalf of Greg. Question on fuel, I guess with some encouraging signs in the industry and your business and oil prices moving above 80, just want to understand your thinking about potentially reimplementing the surcharge at this point?
David Bernstein: Well, you know, we put out a statement a while ago that basically we're standing by. You know, we reserve the right to reinstate to save the fuel surcharge, but at this point we have no present intention to do that. We will, you know, we will continue to monitor the situation, review it, but we have no present intention to reinstate it.
Jeff Jones  Citigroup: Okay. And then just any update you can give at all on booking windows, have you seen that extend further out versus where you were back in December?
David Bernstein: No I think weve said that we are basically at historical levels, and now, that's pretty much still the case.
Howard Frank: And we are being very patient you know, in terms of making sure that we yield manage appropriately to get the price. We could always extend the window, but it may not necessarily be the right thing to do, and so were being patient looking for the price increase.
David Bernstein: I mean, clearly you know, when I talked about the fourth quarter, our occupancies are down year-over-year. That's pretty much on purpose. I think the feeling is in North America, I think the feeling of our yield managers in North America is that there's enough momentum in the booking pattern right now to close that occupancy gap and to maintain pricing, which is what they are focused on doing. So really there is now, everybody is focused on pricing as opposed to volumes, it is fair to say.
Howard Frank: I think just to clarify what I said I think what we showed at recent presentations is that the curve is similar to what it was four out of the last five years with the exception of 08, which was ahead of the curve.
Jeff Jones  Citigroup: That is great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Thank you. Micky, you said before on some of the previous calls that you thought it would take longer in this downturn to get the yield reduction back. And based on what you have seen this calendar year, would you stick to that, or do you think you could recover the yield within the sort of normal historical two-year timeframe?
Micky Arison: Jamie, I just want to correct. I didn't make that statement.
Howard Frank: I can say Jamie. I made that statement. It is Howard. You know, I think that at times of financial crisis I was a little bit  I just think it may take a while to get it back, but I think we've been surprised to be honest with you. I don't want to be overly optimistic here, but I think were surprised at the strength of pricing that has come back this year. I don't think we  obviously we  you know, when we forecasted it we didn't expect this to come back this dramatically. It has come back. Whether we can sustain this kind of levels as we increase pricing whether we can sustain the booking volumes is the next question. I don't think we're going to know that for a while, but clearly that's the focus of our revenue managers and, but it does look like it is coming back a lot faster in North America. Europe you know, never tailed off all that much and it looks to be flat to down slightly this year. So were kind of pleased with what we see in Europe and that's with all our additional capacity. So, combining the two, yes, I think it is better than we originally thought.
David Bernstein: Jamie, just to reemphasize we offer the best vacation value or holiday value in leisure, and because of that we should have a lot of upside in yields and hopefully one day we are going to get it, but the reality is the value relationship is strong or stronger than ever, and therefore the opportunity for higher pricing is there and the opportunity for great vacation values for the consumer is there now, and they should be taking advantage of it.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. And just the other question, on the commission and transport costs, which were down about 3% despite ticket prices revenues rather being up 6%. (inaudible). So, I mean what is happening to commission levels, and to process the change you have made to your search engine policy for sampling, and somehow increasing the direct sales elements of your mix?
Beth Roberts: Comments in the air/sea mix it was down considerably, it was down 25%. So in the first quarter of last year 16% of people purchased air from us, whereas 12% of people purchased air from us in the first quarter of this year and that is a material difference.
David Bernstein: So it's primarily that. I think there is a misunderstanding on this whole search engine thing. There was nothing in that policy change that would affect direct business. The reality was the only thing we are trying to accomplish was to stop competition in places like Google for our trademarks. The reality is all of us were competing with our distribution system for our own trademark and pushing the cost up. And all we wanted was to bring the cost down to buy our trademarks and we succeeded in doing that. That's all it was about. It is ridiculous to have to pay a premium to find Carnival or Princess in Google because six or seven other guys want to buy Carnival or Princess in Google, and so always did.
Micky Arison: We own the name.
David Bernstein: We own the name and we don't want to pay a premium and compete with other people to buy our own name. That was all it was about.
Micky Arison: And I think it was misunderstood by a lot of people and there was a lot media follow up with agents who never bought our name. I mean only five, six, seven agents have ever bought our name, and yet we had agents complaining about it. We really didn't understand what we did.
Howard Frank: In fact, I think the great majority of agents had no problem with it, because they thought it was leveling the playing field which was were trying to do.
David Bernstein: Because they couldn't compete with the five or six agents who could afford to buy our name. So the vast majority of agents found that they were on a level playing field with those five or six agents. So, and all it did was lower our search cost significantly and we are very pleased with the outcome.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you very much.
David Bernstein: Okay Jamie, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Robin Farley  UBS: Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked. Just want to get some clarification on your onboard revenue guidance, I understand there were different items in Q1, but your full year guidance saying that you expected to remain flat. It seems like historically as ticket prices have moved up nicely at that higher paying customer often spent more on board, and I guess I'm just wondering if your guidance was flat, if you are just being conservative, or if there is a greater mix of I know you have talked about in the past about the European brands not having as high an on-board spend. Is it that mix impact that is keeping it flat offsetting what you would expect to be an increase from higher paying customers?
David Bernstein: I mean, in part it might be that but I mean I think they're just  you know, this is the first you know, year or 15 months where weve had flat for a while. So I think our  the operating companies that forecast their onboard revenue, I think have a tendency you know, not to get overly aggressive in that area because there is one thing, it's hard to predict. We have a good ability to predict ticket pricing, because we have bookings way in advance of recording the revenue, but onboard of course is at the moment and it's hard to know. In theory, in theory what you're saying should be true. I mean, I think once the ticket prices go up, you're getting a slightly different customer buying that or they are feeling better about spending money, you'd expect to see some increase in onboard revenues, but to be honest with you, we haven't put that into the estimates, into the forecast right now, and if it happens all the better. There is also some changes in the dynamics of onboard revenues. You know, people are spending money differently. You know, there is less, there is no challenge in the casino areas because casinos have become so popular on land and that's sort of thing. So  and we were constantly looking for new ways to increase onboard revenues, and we've had some good successes, but where it all comes out at the end of the day, well have a better sense of that I think as we get through the year Robin, and in terms of whether onboard, they are now starting to pick up, but you're right for the year weve just focused more or less flat. I mean it's slightly up, slightly down depending on which brand youre talking about.
Micky Arison: I do think you make a good point. Sometimes it's forgotten. As we grow our European brands faster than our North American brands there is a number of factors, including what you describe as a mix factor for onboard. There is also the seasonality, the European business has higher seasonality and therefore our earnings by the nature of that growth be lower in the out quarters and higher in the third quarter.
Robin Farley  UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota from JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Kevin Milota  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning everyone. Was hoping you could give some more color on the closing pricing picture, where in particular you saw the strength by brand or by region, it would be helpful, thanks?
Micky Arison: I mean, when you talk about closing pricing, it's all relative to last year when were forecasting yield improvement right now. So I mean, I don't  there is not any particular color we can give you other than that given the demand we've seen during wave season closing pricing has exceeded our estimates and continues to do so. So we are pleased with what we see. David, you have anything more on that?
David Bernstein: No.
Micky Arison: It's hard to be more specific than that because it's you know, if you're talking about 9 or 10 different brands, each behavior is slightly different than the other, and some brands have much further in advance than others and so on. So it's a mix issue here as well.
Kevin Milota  JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Micky Arison: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Renderson [ph] from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Ian Renderson - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi there. Ian Renderson, Bank of America. Back in December, I think you said that oil, the increase in fuel cost would cost you about $0.46, but that foreign exchange would be $0.08 benefit, so your net cost of fuel and oil was going to be $0.38. I calculate now you were looking at the cost being about $0.70, that being $0.60 on the oil and the $0.10 hit on foreign exchange. Is that correct and therefore you have got a $0.32 swing in your guidance based on the new FX, the new oil assumptions?
David Bernstein: Yes, thats
Beth Roberts: Broadly right.
David Bernstein: Its broadly correct. Hang on one second. Let me just 
Micky Arison: Sounds right, Ian. I don't know about the specific 
David Bernstein: It's about $0.25 in total.
Ian Renderson - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Micky Arison: Obviously, up through the December quarter we were seeing a counter effect between currency and fuel. One was offsetting the other in movement and this quarter for the first time we saw them both move against this, and the link between fuel and currency seem to delink at least for a quarter. Now, the last few days they seem to be linked again and so we'll see.
Ian Renderson - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And the 10% on oil is $0.20 on earnings I think, or of earnings here?
David Bernstein: Yes.
Ian Renderson - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you.
David Bernstein: Okay. Sure. Thank you Ian.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia from William Blair Corporation. Please proceed.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Corporation: Hi, good morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but I'm curious on the rate at which you have held the cost down, and secondly the decline in admin expenses, and I guess I'm just curious as we go forward and we are looking at a rebounding environment, is there an element of cost to that rebound. Are we going to see some of these line items grow at a faster pace in an absolute dollar sense going forward or I guess a rate of growth perspective?
David Bernstein: It's very hard to tell. Obviously, if you look at the overall advertising environment, you know, in a normal year you may say well they spent less on advertising. So, you know, they're mortgaging the future, but the reality is we're probably getting more for our advertising dollar this first quarter than we have in the past, because there is no question. One, our search cost has come down dramatically based on the discussion we had earlier. You know, advertising cost for magazines, as you know, the magazine industry is really struggling, and so were buying advertising more efficiently than we probably ever bought before and so the cost can go down and the effectiveness can go up, which is unusual and whether, how long that will continue to stay, you'd have to be an analyst for the advertising industry to really predict that, but right now it seems to be the trend that we can buy eyeballs cheaper than we're able to buy them before.
Micky Arison: The other thing is, you know, it's hard for us to predict what inflation will be. I mean at the moment you know the numbers as well as I. There's really no inflation broadly speaking out there today, but going forward, you know, we've been talking for a while about our various operating companies working together, and getting tremendous cost opportunities, whether it be things like negotiating port charges collectively or shore excursions collectively. There is a lot of things we are working on. So to the extent that there is inflation, we expect to be able to offset some or all of it with these cost opportunities as we continue to attack these projects collectively.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Corporation: Maybe phrasing it a different way. Given what might be a structural shift in fuel costs course over the last five years, do you think as the yields rebound and we are looking at something better three years from now is there a structural impediment to getting EBITDA margin north of 30% again?
Howard Frank: Itll be more of a yield revenue situation than it would be a cost situation. I think we managed the cost side of it very well. The revenue part is something it's just hard to know for years down the road, but clearly if our revenues continue to go up, you could get back to close to historical levels. I dont see any reason why not.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Corporation: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Ramskill from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Tim Ramskill - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Two quick questions for me, firstly, just with regards to what you have experienced in Brazil during the first quarter are you likely to therefore alter your deployment plans for next year on the back of that? And then the second question is just when you come to look at the performance of your European brands, clearly you don't have sort of premium brands in Europe per se in the same way you do in the US. But within your European brands, whether it's more expensive cabins or itineraries, are you seeing similar consumer behavior in Europe when it comes to recovery in the more higher price segment?
Micky Arison: Id rather not disclose what our plans are for Brazil other than to say that we may hedge it with a little bit more capacity for Argentina than we did this year, but other than that I'd rather not say, Howard.
Howard Frank: Yes, I don't know that I've got a good  you know, the continental European brands tend to focus on a middle to upper middle market, whether it be AIDA, I would call upper middle market AIDA and Costa and Ibero. so I don't, and while there are high-priced cabins in the categories, I really couldn't answer the question whether how well, how strong they are selling, but overall the behavior of those brands tends to mirror more of a contemporary brand than it does a premium brand I would say.
Beth Roberts: I think it's fair to say since they didnt take a big hit last year, they are not experiencing the same level of recovery that we are saying in the premium product.
Howard Frank: Right. That is a good point.
Tim Ramskill - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks.
Howard Frank: Okay, sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Hovorka from Raymond James. Please proceed.
Joe Hovorka - Raymond James Securities: Thanks guys. My questions have been answered. Thank you.
Howard Frank: Thanks.
Operator: And speakers there are no further questions at this time. Ill turn the call back to you. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Howard Frank: Thank you very much. If there are any follow-on questions, Beth is available and she enjoys hearing from all of you. You all have a great day and hope to see you soon. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-12-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Micky Arison - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Howard Frank - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer David Bernstein - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital Robin Farley - UBS Tim Conder  Wells Fargo  Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein  Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management Kevin Milota  JP Morgan  Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research 
Operator: Welcome to the Carnival Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like now to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank Blake :  Good morning everyone. We are calling all from not-so-sunny Miami this morning. With me this morning are David Bernstein, Beth Roberts, Micky Arison, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and myself.  To start the call off I am going to turn it over to David and he will take you through some of the color for the fourth quarter results. David?  
David Bernstein :  Thank you, Howard. I will begin the call by reading the forward-looking statement. During this conference call we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnivals earnings press release and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   For the fourth quarter 2009 our EPS was $0.24 per share versus $0.47 in the prior year. The fourth quarter came in above the midpoint of our September guidance by $0.06 per5 share. This was driven by stronger than expected net revenue yields which benefited us to the tune of $0.04. Onboard and other revenue contributed $0.03 as we continued to experience sequential improvement in onboard revenue trends.  Ticket prices came in $0.01 better on slightly stronger than anticipated close-in pricing. Overall, net revenue yields in local currency were down 10% almost 1.5 points better than the midpoint of our September guidance. In addition, a variety of cost saving measures and other factors benefited us to the tune of $0.02.  Looking at our fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year, our capacity increased 7.6% for the fourth quarter of 2009 with the majority of the increase once again going to our European brands. Our European brands grew 9.5% while our North American brands grew 5.7%. As I previously mentioned, overall net revenue yields in local currency declined 10% in the fourth quarter of 2009 versus the prior year.  Now lets look at the two components of net revenue yields. For net ticket yields we saw a yield decline of 12% in local currency. Our North American brands were down 14% driven by declines in all itineraries. Our European brands were down 9% in local currency on higher capacity also driven by declines in all itineraries. However, it should be noted 1/3 of the decline was due to the exceptionally high yields we achieved on the last few voyages of 2008 of the QE2 just prior to her leaving the fleet. Excluding the impact of the QE2 net ticket yields would have been down 6% which is in line with our European brands experience for the first nine months of this year.  For net onboard and other yields, we reported a yield decline of 5.7% in local currency. We saw declines in a majority of our brands around the world. Net onboard and other yields in our European brands were down less than in our North American brands, a trend similar to those experienced in net ticket revenue yields. For the first this year we saw an increase in two of the onboard revenue categories; shops and photo. The rest of the major categories were down but for the most part it was an improving trend from the prior two quarters.  In summary, given the economic environment we were pleased with our yield performance this quarter. In addition we were very happy to see sequential improvement in onboard and other revenue yields in the fourth quarter as compared the second and third quarters.  On the cost side, our cruise costs per available lower berth day excluding fuel were down 2% versus the prior year. Our operating companies once again did an excellent job controlling costs. Fuel prices this quarter were 15% lower than last year saving us $66 million or $0.08 per share.  Now lets take a look at the full year 2009. Our EPS was $2.24, which was essentially at the low end of our original guidance we gave one year ago of $2.25 to $2.75 per share. The midpoint of that guidance was $2.50 which was based on a fuel assumption of $295 per metric ton. If you adjusted our actual EPS which was based on an average fuel price of $363 per metric ton for the December fuel assumption our EPS would have been $2.51 per share. Therefore, excluding fuel we hit the midpoint of our guidance. Given the amount of uncertainty in the world last December I think that was a great accomplishment.  For 2009 full year our capacity was up 5.4%. The net revenue yields for 2009 in local currency were down 10%. This was at the low end of our guidance we gave one year ago which was down 6-10%. During 2009 our revenue yields were impacted due to the travel restrictions to Mexico due to the flu virus and we saw more pressure on onboard revenue yields than we expected a year ago as a result of the ongoing recession and its impact on our guests.  For the full year, cruise costs per available lower berth day in local currency and excluding fuel were essentially flat. Costs were $170 million better than our original guidance last December as our operating companies continue to do a great job this year with their cost containment programs.  In summary, for the full year 2009 we posted solid earnings in what Micky accurately described as the most challenging economic environment in the companys history. Our cost containment initiatives offset the pressure on our revenue yields. As a side note, I would like to mention we were very pleased with the European brands performance in 2009 who despite an 8% capacity increase managed to achieve a relatively moderate yield decline in an extremely difficult economic period.  For 2009, our European brands represented only 33% of our capacity but contributed 49% of our operating income. My hat goes off to the management of those brands.  Turning to 2010 outlook, I will skip the net revenue yields as Howard will discuss that in a few moments. Cruise costs per available lower berth date for the full year again excluding fuel and in local currency are projected to be down 1-2%. The decline is driven by tight cost controls and lower dry dock costs. While I am happy to say we expect lower unit costs we will not rest there. As always we will continue to look for more opportunities to improve.  Based on the current spot price for fuel using two-states closing price, fuel prices for the full year are projected to be $472 per metric ton for 2010 versus $363 per metric ton in 2009 costing us an additional $368 million or $0.46 per share. Furthermore, the dollar has weakened versus the Euro and Sterling so in the end fuel and currency are driving up our costs and therefore in current dollars and including fuel our costs are expected to be up 4-6%. While the FX rate movement increases our costs it also increases our revenue so given these rates the year-over-year profit improvement from currency is expected to be an increase of $60 million or $0.08 per share.  At this point I will turn the conference call over to Howard. 
Howard Frank :  Thank you David. Let me take you through some color and some more details on the 2010 outlook. With six ships being delivered to our fleet this year our cruise capacity will increase by approximately 7.7%. Holland Americas New Amsterdam and Seabourn Sojourn will add 3.6% capacity to our North American brands and Costas Deliciosa, AIDA Blue, P&Os Azura and Cunards Queen Elizabeth which will be delivered later in the year will add 11.9% to our European brand capacity in 2010. So 2010 promises to be a very busy year for all of our cruise companies.  With continued strength in booking patterns during the last 13 weeks, occupancies on a capacity adjusted basis for the first nine months of 2010 are now at approximately the same levels as last year. Booking volumes during this past quarter for North American and European brands covering the first three quarters of 2010 are each up over 40% versus the easier comparisons to last year. But these bookings are also strong on an absolute basis. Actually, on an absolute basis these are the strongest bookings we have seen in our history.  Having said that, pricing for cruises still have not recovered as much as we would like and perhaps that is a reflection of the uncertain economic picture for 2010. Still, in selected areas of the business we have seen more demand and have been able to move pricing higher in certain trades.  Our US premium brands are showing increasing pricing strength which is a significant reversal from 2009. This also suggests that with the strengthening of the US economy and the rise in the equity markets the higher end customer is feeling better about taking their vacations and the superior value of cruise vacations is driving a lot of business our way.  Breaking the recent 13-week booking pattern down by markets, for the North American brands, other than for Mexican Riviera cruises, pricing for all other itineraries are up year-over-year with particular strength in Europe cruises for spring and summer of 2010. Also long and exotic cruise pricing is nicely up year-over-year, a nice reversal from last year. For Mexican Riviera cruises booking volumes are higher year-over-year but as a result of the soft Southern California economy combined with negative perceptions for Mexican tourism, these itineraries have been challenged. We dont believe Mexican Riviera pricing will worsen for the year as booking volumes have been strong. Capacity allocated to the Mexican Riviera itineraries is under 10% of North American brand capacity in 2010 and we expect further capacity reductions in this trade in the future.  Given the continuing strength in bookings which has resulted in occupancies catching up with last year we are now expecting North American brand revenue yields will be higher by 2-3% for the entire year 2010.  For our Europe brands which are absorbing a 12.2% capacity increase for the first nine months of 2010 pricing on recent bookings across all European brands is moderately lower than a year ago. In some measures the lower pricing is part of the yield management strategy to drive higher volumes and extend out the booking curve, especially for the continental European brands which had a 19.4% capacity increase during the first nine months.  European itinerary pricing which is the majority of the Europe brand capacity is only slightly lower than a year ago. European brand pricing for Brazil programs this winter has been weak as a result of the significant capacity increases in Brazil with the recent strength of European brand bookings we are expecting European yields for all 2010 to be slightly lower on a local currency basis and higher on a current dollar basis. We believe this is a very good result given the significant capacity increase that we have had for our European brands in 2010.  Now let me turn to our earnings guidance for 2010. We expect to drive top line revenue growth of approximately 10% for 2010 with the 7.7% increase I referred to before in our fleet wide capacity together with the increase in forecasted current dollar revenue yields of 2-3%. Current dollar cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be flat to up slightly.  The 2010 guidance also assumes a currency exchange rate for Euro at $1.45 and Pound Sterling at $1.63 and the price for fuel at $472 per metric ton which is the approximate price we are paying this week. So while cruise pricing in 2010 is firming and top line growth will be strong, fuel costs for 2010 at current prices will result in a year-over-year increase of fuel of $368 million or $0.46 per share which David referred to. This taken together with the $0.08 benefit from the currency will result in a $0.38 drag on 2010 earnings.  Taking all these factors into consideration we have set full-year guidance at $2.10 per share to $2.30 per share with the midpoint of $2.20.  Now turning to first quarter guidance which is $0.08 to $0.12 per share, down from $0.33 a share from 2009 first quarter. Top line revenue growth for the first quarter is also expected to increase by approximately 10%. Driving this is a 9.9% increase in capacity days together with current dollar revenue yields which are expected to increase slightly in the flat to up 1% range. Current dollar cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up 1-2%. Fuel costs based on $474 per metric ton price for the first quarter will result in higher year-over-year fuel costs in the quarter of $160 million or approximately $0.20 per share. The balance in the difference in earnings from the 2009 first quarter results from the 2009 first quarter having about $0.04 per share below the line nonrecurring gains.  Beyond the first quarter 2010 assuming fuel prices hold at the forecasted levels, quarterly comparisons will get easier. You will recall fuel prices began to rise in the second half of 2009 so year-over-year earnings comparisons should become easier as the second half of the year unfolds. Also because we book our cruises so far in advance, the benefit of the more recently higher ticket prices will have a greater impact in the second half of 2010. That combined with the easier comparisons for fuel prices should begin to result in a year-over-year earnings improvement beginning in the second half of 2010.  Now let me give you some color on booking patterns in each of the next three quarters and some data points. This is looking at the first quarter where fleet wide capacity is forecasted to be higher by 9.9% as I indicated before. Of that 5.3% is in North America and 14.9% is in Europe for our European brands. On a fleet wide basis for the first quarter occupancies are at the same levels as last year, slightly higher for the North American brands and slightly lower for Europe brands. However, the slightly lower occupancy for Europe is not surprising given the 15% capacity expansion for the European brands in the quarter. At this point we have very little inventory left to sell in North America and in Europe.  Looking at just North American brands by themselves they are 62% in the Caribbean in the first quarter, about the same as last year; 11% in the Mexican Riviera cruises which is down slightly from 12% last year and the balance of their itineraries are in various other trades including long and exotic cruises. Currently pricing for North American brand Caribbean cruises is moderately lower than last year with pricing for Mexican cruises down more significantly than the prior year. Pricing for long and exotic cruises has strengthened during the last quarter and are now only slightly lower than the year-ago price.  For European brands they are 27% in the Caribbean versus 32% last year; 27% in Europe versus 24% last year; 17% in South America versus 11% last year; 11% in Asia versus 12% last year with the balance in various other itineraries. Europe brand pricing for Europe cruises is down slightly from a year ago and Caribbean cruises are moderately down from a year ago. Europe brand world cruise pricing is nicely up from a year ago.  In South America there has been a significant increase and improved capacity in Brazil from our Costa and Ibero cruise brands as well as competitor capacity and prices are down significantly from the year ago. By the time the first quarter closes we expect European brand local currency fleet wide pricing to be 3-4% lower than a year ago but slightly higher on a current dollar basis.  Now turning to the second quarter. Fleet wide capacity in the second quarter is expected to increase 8.8%; 4% in North America and 14.5% in Europe. As a result of the significant booking volumes during the current quarter fleet wide occupancies for the second quarter are about at the same levels as last year and similar to the first quarter, slightly ahead in North America and slightly behind in Europe. North American brand capacity in the second quarter is 56% in the Caribbean, up from 54% last year; 10% in Mexican Riviera cruises which is about the same as last year and the balance in various other itineraries including Alaska and European shoulders, long and exotics and Panama Canal cruises.  Caribbean pricing for the second quarter for North American brands is slightly lower than a year ago and Mexican Riviera pricing is slightly lower. Pricing for Alaska and Europe shoulders are at approximately the same levels as last year with occupancies well ahead. Combined pricing for North American brands at the current time is running slightly behind the year ago levels but significantly higher than where the second quarter closed last year. The pricing gap has closed significantly as a result of the strong booking volumes during the last 13 weeks and given the continued strength in bookings we are forecasting North American brand revenue yields will be higher in the second quarter from the year-ago levels.  Europe brands in the second quarter are 57% in Europe versus 59% a year ago; 11% in Transatlantic which is about the same as last year with the balance of the capacity in various other itineraries including Caribbean, Orient Pacific, World Cruises, etc. Pricing for Europe itinerary cruises is modestly behind a year ago with pricing on most of the cruises moderately behind year-ago levels. With the 14% capacity increase in the second quarter the lower pricing was not unexpected.  U.K. brands including P&O and Cunard are showing pricing ahead year-over-year which is a very positive sign. Continental Europe brand pricing with its 23% increase in capacity during the second quarter is running behind last year. However, given the strength of European booking volume, we expect the pricing gap to narrow and by the time the second quarter closes we expect Europe brand pricing on a local currency basis to be at approximately the same levels as last year and on a current dollar basis up significantly from last year. On a fleet wide basis we are forecasting yields in the second quarter to be slightly higher on a local currency basis and more significantly higher on a current dollar basis.  Now turning to some color on the third quarter, capacity in the third quarter is expected to increase by 6.1% in total; 3.7% of that is North America and 8% will be the capacity increase for our European brands. Third quarter data is still in its early stages of development so I caution not to read too much into this information. Having said that, early indications for third quarter booking trends are encouraging. Overall occupancies in the third quarter are running slightly ahead of last year with North American slightly stronger than Europe.  North American brand capacity in the third quarter is 43% in the Caribbean versus 36% a year ago; 25% in Alaska down from 28% a year ago; 17% in Europe versus 19% a year ago with the balance in various other itineraries including Mexican Riviera and long and exotic cruises. Prices for Caribbean cruises in the third quarter is lower than a year ago but still nicely ahead of where the third quarter closed last year and more importantly Caribbean occupancies are stronger than year-ago numbers. Alaska pricing is lower than a year ago but with the reduced capacity in Alaska pricing appears to be firming. Pricing for Europe cruises is slightly down from a year ago with occupancies well ahead of last year. At this point pricing for North American brands on an overall basis is at or about the same levels as a year ago and well ahead where the third quarter closed last year.  Speaking of Alaska, we previously indicated that further reductions in Alaska deployments were being considered by our operating company. The recent announcements by Holland America and Princess to withdraw the Royal Princess and Holland America Ryndam from Alaska capacity in 2011 is consistent with these previous statements. We are hopeful we can work with the governor of Alaska and the legislature of Alaska to address the problems with the head tax and the other higher costs resulting from the Alaska Initiative. We do regret the negative impact these withdrawals will have on our business partners in Alaska and the many communities in the state that depend on the economic benefits our cruise passengers bring to these communities.  Turning to European brands, in the third quarter Europe brands are 97% in Europe itineraries which is about slightly up from last year. Similar to the second quarter pricing for Europe itineraries is running behind last year but continues to show some firmness, unlike previous quarters with only an 8% increase in European brand capacity in the third quarter occupancy levels are running even with last year which is also a positive sign and that is on a capacity adjusted basis.  Much of the third quarter revenue picture will depend on the strength of the 2010 Wave season although as I indicated, early signs from third quarter bookings has been encouraging so far.  With that said, I am going to turn it over to the operator and we will take some questions.  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital.  
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital:  Kind of continuing from your commentary here, I just want to understand a few things regarding your yield outlook for the full year. Because your outlook is basically in constant dollars basis net yields are going to be flat to slightly up correct for 2010? So did I hear you say for the full year North American revenue yields would be up 2-3%? 
Howard Frank :  Yes. 
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Then you also said starting in the second quarter fleet wide your pricing was going to be up so I am just trying to understand why the guidance seems to be so conservative based on the more detailed color you just gave. 
Howard Frank :  To a large measure if you look at our first quarter guidance we were down in the 3-4% range. By the time we catch up with all that we will gradually improve yields year-over-year. Second quarter will be better obviously than the first quarter and the third quarter will be better than the second quarter. I think when you add it all up there is nothing we have filtered into that to change anything. That is basically the way the numbers actually do work. So we will have nice pricing improvement the way we are forecasting it right now. Good pricing improvement for the North American brands. Flattish to slightly up for the European brands but when you take it all together that is what it comes out to be. 
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Moving on, the travel agents we talk to are telling us that since its launch the Oasis is overshadowing everything else. I was just wondering how that has affected your pricing outlook for 2010 or if it has affected it at all? Also what do you think happens when Norwegian launches the Epic this summer? 
Howard Frank :  We are seeing the impact, there is an impact on Oasis on us. We probably have been feeling it for the past 6-9 months but it is hard to see how it has impacted us. If they are selling at these higher price points we think it has a whole lot less impact on our contemporary brands. If they are selling at more premium price points our premium businesses are doing quite well right now with a nice recovery from last year. So it is really hard to know with respect to the Oasis whether it is really affecting us or not. The same would be true for the Epic although it is going to be delivered later. It has a much later delivery. It has got to all be in the current bookings we are seeing because they are booking the Epic right now for the summer and our bookings for the summer are holding up quite nicely. I am sure there is always an impact of some sort but it is hard to actually try to quantify it. 
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: On costs, the 2010 cost outlook can you tell us what that would be before the dry docking easy comp? 
David Bernstein :  It would be relatively flat excluding the reduction in dry docking. 
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: So your cost outlook is mainly a result of the good dry docking effect? 
David Bernstein :  The decrease is yes. It is due to the dry docking and the tight cost controls allowed us to keep it flat. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Robin Farley  UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS: You have talked about the potential to order a ship for the Princess brand maybe by the end of the year or at least early 2010, would you expect to see a similar type of thing where the yard takes the currency risk similar to the Carnival Dream order? Then I have a follow-up. 
Micky Arison :  Obviously we havent completed negotiations or we would have made an announcement. That really isnt on the table in these negotiations. We are prepared to take a certain level of Euro exposure based on our Europe company balance sheets and we manage that exposure. So we have none for 2013 and 2014 but if you put a Princess contract for 2013 and 2014 in Euro on the books it would be a very manageable Euro risk compared to our Euro balance sheet. 
David Bernstein :  We can always hedge the contract at any point we feel it is appropriate and eliminate that risk which is something we do over time. 
Micky Arison :  Historically since the merger we have taken certain levels of risk because we have in effect the hedge through the balance sheet so we operate in different currency. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Asking about the Oasis a little bit as well, there have been a lot of talk that occupancies for the Oasis were below 100% for the first few weeks of sailing and that Royal was sort of holding price and sacrificing occupancy initially but obviously that is not a long-term strategy. I am wondering if you are seeing any impact in Q1 from if Oasis is shifting from holding that higher price which maybe was kind of a nice umbrella in terms of price in the Caribbean. If you are seeing that change in Q1 or any impact there? 
Micky Arison :  Honestly we are not seeing any impact from Oasis. Howard answered that in a longer answer than I am giving you but we havent seen any impact. If there is an impact, and clearly we havent seen any, it is the additional exposure that something like Oasis gets that brings more attention to the cruise industry and the reality is we have straight mass market brands and much more affordable prices and so the net effect if anything would be positive. Beyond that we really havent seen any impact at all. The reality is if there is any impact on our business it is going to be Carnival Dream impacting the Carnival fleet in a similar way that Oasis might impact the Royal Caribbean fleet. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tim Conder  Wells Fargo. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : The first question is somewhat a two piece related. You mentioned in some of your more premium brands you are starting to see the trade back up occur. Is that, if you look back to a prior conference call you stated you thought for the North American brands that may be a little more elongated. Is that occurring a little bit faster than you thought? In relation to that the onboard spending sequential improvement in the fourth quarter that is kind of a more of a leading indicator so that is question one. Number two, the booking curve. Howard you mentioned a strategy with what you are doing with the continental European. At the Dream analyst meeting in New York you showed a slide that for the company as a whole the booking curve approximated maybe 4.5 months. Can you update us on where that curve is for the company as a whole? 
Howard Frank :  With respect to the premium brand come back I think I indicated on the last call we started to see evidence of the premium brands being booked stronger and the ability to raise pricing on premium brand bookings and that continued through the fourth quarter. I think in my comments I said in large measure that is a result of settling of the economy if you will. While there is still the 10% unemployment issue that we have I think in large measure those premium brands market to a different demographic that is either retirees or wealthier people who are not affected by the unemployment or the economy frankly. So I think as equity markets continue to strengthen over the course of 2009 that people started to feel a bit more comfortable and started to get more confident in booking their cruise vacations. In broad terms that is what we attribute it to and nothing more than that.  In terms of the booking curve that you referred to Beth is busy going through
David Bernstein :  A couple of comments on the overall booking curve. To start with I want to point out where we are in terms of bookings for 2010 in terms of the percent of the cabins that are currently filled it is very consistent with our historical figures from 2005, 2006 and 2007. Yes, they may be below the historically strong numbers of 2008 but they really are now back to the 2005, 2006 and 2007 levels. We are in good shape. Historically in the fourth quarter we do see a reduction in the overall booking curve but this quarter we didnt see as big of a reduction as we normally do so you could say we saw a little bit of an improvement in the booking curve as well. We feel very good about that. You mentioned the onboard. We did see a sequential improvement from the second quarter and our projections for next year include relatively flat onboard for 2010 holding at these levels in the third and fourth quarters. That is the way we put together our forecast because we dont have that much visibility into the onboard. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : David, just to clarify you are saying your current percentage or capacity booked is comparable to the 2005, 2006, 2007 levels but flat to slightly below where it was in 2008? 
Micky Arison :  It is very interesting. We did this this week. If you do a chart of each quarter of where it was over the last five years, I think every year is within one basis point of where we are now for 2010 with the exception of 2008 which was much higher. That is where we saw 2008 and 2009 drop from 2008. If you take 2008 out of the picture it is virtually identical for all the other four of the five years. 
Howard Frank :  One percentage point difference. It looks like it is back to at least historical patterns and then 2008 may be the outlier here because it was so strong in 2008 but we are back to historical patterns. As I indicated for the year and as David mentioned, we are booked on a capacity adjusted basis at the same level as we were last year so it is starting to shape up pretty well right now. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : Again to clarify my first question or Micky your expectations for the North America trade back up cycle do you think your best guess at this point should it be similar? A little slower to the past cycle we have seen as the recovery emerges here? 
Howard Frank :  Remember we took a bigger hit last year so the recovery is stronger for these premium brands and longer cruises. We took a hit last year so there was more of an opportunity to bring that back and that is what is happening. I think we took less of a hit in some other trades so we dont have as much to come back. So that is a look at each of them on an absolute basis and that is what is happening. I think it is a very positive sign because so much of our capacity is dedicated to these higher end markets. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Maybe you could discuss given the fact that you hit the midpoint of 2009, or you would have hit the midpoint of 2009 if you excluded fuel, have you given some reconsideration to hedging out the fuel given how dramatic it was last year or could have been dramatic last year and as you look out? The other thing, I actually just dont know the answer to this question, is mix change due to Alaska being phased out. That historically has been a higher priced market or a premium priced market. As you move those ships into other regions is it your expectation those ships will hold that pricing or will it in fact depress the blended pricing as you move it into the Caribbean or some of the other markets? 
Howard Frank :  Let me take on the hedge question. I think our feelings about fuel right now and are consistent with past years is that while we could look to do some hedging it is a short-term fix for us. It is not a long-term fix. If fuel prices go up and we have given our wide margins and our comfort with being able to absorb fuel price increases if they get dramatically higher, if they shoot up or sky rocket we always have the option of going to a fuel supplement charge. We really dont see the necessity of starting a hedging program for us.  On the issue of the mix change for Alaska, the two ships that come out clearly the strategy of taking them out is the belief is by those companies they can put them into more profitable trades. Actually one ship gets transferred to another brand. The Royal Princess goes into the P&O brand and essentially the replacement for the Artemis which we would have sold in 2011 is a smaller ship as was the Artemis and it does longer cruises and the Artemis did really well so this is to replace the Artemis. In that trade that ship is expected to do better in the P&O trade. The same thing would be true for the Ryndam which will essentially be additional capacity in Europe which has better pricing and better profitability right now than Alaska does. 
Micky Arison :  The fundamental problem with Alaska is because of a variety of issues including the initiative, the cost of operation is very high and in July/August there are just a lot of alternatives to operate in areas with similar yields with higher profitability because of lower operating costs. Alaska today is now the highest cost operation we have anywhere. It was driven primarily by the initiative. Alaska prior to the initiative was basically competitive with other destinations in the summer time and became completely uncompetitive. That is what is driving these itinerary changes. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein.  
Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein : I wonder if you could give us a little more detail on which selected areas you see the demand strongest in the next quarter or so by market, by brand, maybe where you are getting some of the price increases? 
Howard Frank :  We could spend a lot of time on that stuff and frankly it is hard to get into too much specifics other than the specifics I gave you directionally in each of the quarters by premium products in North America versus contemporary products and the trades they are trading in and the same for Europe. I think on a call like this that is about all we can do to take nine brands and put them all together and give you some sort of a directional presentation that is difficult enough. 
Micky Arison :  I would say generally everywhere is doing better with two glaring exceptions; the Mexican Riviera and Brazil. Other than that, I think generally Caribbean, Europe, Australia, Asia, they are all doing a little bit better. 
Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein : As profitability ramps up in this next cycle and looking forward and presumably capacity scales back in the out years, what areas of the business model will you target for investment? 
Howard Frank :  I think we look at each brand individually and their respective markets and the decision to build capacity in a market is based on their belief and our confirmation of their belief they can grow their capacity and grow it and get good returns on the additional investment and grow profitability in those markets. Each market you have to look at individually. 
Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein : I was asking not so much on capacity investment but in non-capacity investments. So assuming if you are building a little less capacity in some of these out years you have more capital to spend on other things or do other things with. I am thinking of whether cost improvements, channel investment, what sorts of areas do you want to spend your CapEx on outside of capacity? 
Micky Arison :  The only area we have been spending is port infrastructure. We just opened a port in Roatan called Mahogany Bay which we think will be a huge success for us. In the scheme of things they are relatively minor investments of $30-50 million compared to the CapEx programs of $2-3 billion. But that is really the only area outside of ship new build and ship refits we can invest in. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian  Citigroup. 
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: First, you mentioned that first quarter net yields on a currency constant basis is down 3-4%. I am wondering is that the pricing you have booked so far or what you expect the first quarter to end up at? If close-in bookings do a little bit better is that kind of where you would see the upside to that? 
Micky Arison :  That is our best guestimate based on what we have on the books and you have to understand based on what we have on the books now that is a very significant part of the inventory. We have very little left to sell. We should have very good visibility on where we are. 
Howard Frank :  That is the expectation for the full first quarter, the 3-4%. 
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: Also, in terms of new capacity coming online from your competitors as you speak to shipyards and do your competitive intel are you hearing of anyone else looking to contract a new ship or are you kind of the only ones that have the capacity to build new ships? Are you hearing of potentially others starting new ones? 
Micky Arison :  I wouldnt want to comment on specific names. We are aware of some discussions beyond us. 
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: The discussions you hear at much lower levels obviously than what we have seen historically or kind of similar? 
Micky Arison :  Yes. Significantly lower than historically and the yards are under quite a strain right now because of that. When you go into 2013 and 2014 I think we will be seeing significantly less capacity increases both from us and our competitors. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: Getting back to the onboard spend you indicated onboard spend was up in two categories. The overall onboard spend as a result of that is up? Or is the overall onboard spend pretty much flat? 
David Bernstein :  I had said for the fourth quarter the overall onboard spend was actually down 5.7% in local currency. Onboard and other yield. That was better thanif we go back to the second quarter it was down around 9-10% and then the next quarter it was down 6% and then in the fourth down 5.7%. So it was an improving trend overall and when you got into the details there were some ups and some downs but it did average 5.7% down. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: In your earnings estimates for this year are you planning to have onboard spend up, down or sideways vis a vie 2009? 
David Bernstein :  Basically flat which is what I had just said in answer to another question. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: The Alaska situation, you have a lot of fixed assets up in Alaska both in Holland America and in Princess. How does that play out in your thinking going forward? 
Micky Arison :  We tried to maximize those assets by consolidating our two tour companies. We did that successfully this summer in taking out costs. Unfortunately that has meant less employment. We continue to look at ways to make it as efficient as possible. We are scheduling the ships in such a way to try to utilize those assets in the best way possible but the reality is that less ships will mean less flow through of passengers through those assets and less need for third-party hotel rooms, less need for employment and so on which is unfortunate. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: Is there any reason to believe that Carnival might be looking to purchase somebody elses fleet? Not the entire fleet but portions of different fleets where the ships would make an immediate impact on needs you might have? 
Micky Arison :  If something interesting became available we would of course look at it but there is nothing going on right now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota  JP Morgan. 
Kevin Milota  JP Morgan : Given where guidance is shaking out for 2010 and where you see free cash flow moving in 2011 and beyond how much closer are you to reinstating the dividend and when could we expect to hear something from the board on that matter? 
Howard Frank :  We have a board meeting in mid-January and I think the dividend issue will be taken up by the board at that particular point in time. We have been doing some work on the dividend issue for them. They have asked for a lot of different scenarios and we are doing quite a bit of analysis on it right now. We expect we will make an announcement on the dividend issue right after the January board meeting. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol. 
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: I think you said that you were adopting a slightly different yield management strategy in Europe this year over last year. Is that simply capacity driven or what is the change going on there? 
Howard Frank :  I think there was anticipation given the soft economies in Europe that we would try to drive more volumes earlier in the booking process particularly in the continental European brands to try and get as much business on the books. So they priced their strategy going in this year and have been for awhile to price lower and try to get ahead of the booking curve which I think they have been successful in doing. So that is it essentially. Nothing more than that. 
Micky Arison :  They didnt have a significant drop off the North American brands did. 
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: At the Dream Analyst meeting you talked about getting back to returns on capital that were historic double digit levels. My estimate would be the US was the biggest problem and Europe held up pretty well. Do you get back by returning the US business to double digit levels is there likely to be some erosion in the Europe returns? It looks like North American can do better than Europe this year. How do the two converge to get back to double digits? 
David Bernstein :  I think what we had showed on the analyst meeting at the Dream was ROI the biggest factor is yield. If I remember correctly it was that 10% yield decline for 2009 was what took us down below the double digit. If we got back that full 10% we would be back in the double digit. That is just overall yield regardless of where it comes from. North America or Europe it is the company in total. 
Howard Frank :  I think it is fair to say that returns are better right now in our European cruise business than they are in the US cruise business and that has been the reason we have been steering more of our capital investments into Europe which has been a very successful strategy for us and we are very fortunate to be in the situation we are in. Four of the six ships this year go into Europe. 
David Bernstein :  I did mention our European brands on my notes represented 49% of our operating income although they were only 33% of the capacity which is, as you would imagine, results in a higher ROI. 
Micky Arison :  One of the unfortunate things here is everybody is looking at this as oh my goodness we are projecting a flat year. But if we had tanked like everybody else in leisure last year we would be looking at fantastic earnings growth this year. Everything is relative. Because we had the performance we had in such a difficult year it is making the comparisons tougher. 
David Bernstein :  Particularly in the first quarter where we did very well last year we were down only 5% in overall yield. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Have you analyzed holiday voyages and whether they have been a leading indicator as to late season performance in the past? 
Micky Arison :  I dont think they have and they are doing fine this year. I dont think they have been a leading indicator to Wave. I think if there has been any leading indicator to Wave it has been how fourth quarter bookings have been and they have been very encouraging. So we are pretty optimistic about Wave. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Is it possible given the pricing in booking numbers you are looking at this point and I know it is early for the third quarter but is it possible you might see high single digit yields percentage of increases in local currency? 
Howard Frank :  I think it is too early to talk about. I did say we will see sequential yield improvement in the third quarter from the second quarter but I think it is too early for us to start to give guidance on third quarter yield right now. There is still so much left to book but it is encouraging and where it actually ends up we will see. Our overall 2010 guidance while we have a number for third quarter if you do some extrapolations you can quickly figure out where it would be. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Would the range include a number at the high end of maybe
Micky Arison :  Third quarter is very highly skewed to our European brands. That is when they make all their money. They have the toughest comparisons. 
Operator:  I am showing no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference back to you. 
Howard Frank :  Thank you everyone for listening into the call. Let me take this opportunity to wish everybody a happy holiday season, a prosperous and healthy new year. Beth waits by the phone for some of you. Have a great weekend. All the best to everyone.  
Micky Arison :  Happy Holidays everybody. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that concludes our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-09-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Micky Arison - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Howard Frank - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer David Bernstein - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Tim Conder  Wells Fargo  Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Ian Rennardson  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein  Robin Farley - UBS Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup Rosie Edwards  MF Global Edward [Catford]  No Company Listed 
Operator: Welcome to the Carnival Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like now to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank Blake:  Good morning everyone. This is Howard Frank speaking. In Miami with me are David Bernstein, Senior VP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Carnival Corporation and Beth Roberts, Vice President of Investor Relations. Micky Arison has called in. Micky Arison is in Italy fresh from the delivery of the new Carnival Dream which will spend the next several weeks sailing in Europe and then returns to New York in November for a couple of days and then will come back down to Port Canaveral for its sailings.  I will comment later on the booking picture and the outlook bookings wise and I will turn it over to David Bernstein right now to give you the color on the third quarter. David?  
David Bernstein:  Thank you, Howard. I will begin the call by reading the forward-looking statement. During this conference call we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnivals earnings press release and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   For the third quarter our earnings per share were $1.33 versus $1.65 in the prior year. During the third quarter our earnings came in above the midpoint of our June guidance by $0.16. This was driven by better than expected net revenue yield which benefited us to the tune of $0.12, better pricing on close-in bookings worldwide during the seasonally strong summer period was worth $0.10 while onboard and other revenue contributed $0.02.  Overall yields were only down 12.3%, almost three points better than the midpoint of our June guidance. In addition, a variety of cost savings measures benefited us to the tune of $0.03 and resulted in net cruise cost excluding fuel being 1.6 points better than guidance.  Looking at our third quarter operating results versus the prior year, our capacity increased 5.5% for the third quarter of 2009 with a majority of the increase once again going to our European brands. Our European brands grew 7.5% while our North American brands grew 3.6%. Also during the third quarter Costa Asia more than doubled in size as Costa Classica joined Costa Allegra in Asia.  As I previously mentioned, overall net revenue yield in local currency declined 12% in the third quarter versus the prior year. Now lets look at the two components of net revenue yield. For net ticket revenue, we saw a yield decline of 14% in local currency. Our North American brands were down 20% driven by declines in all itineraries. Our European brands held up very well as they experienced only 6% lower local currency ticket yields on higher capacity.  For net onboard and other yields we reported a yield decline of 6.5% in local currency. We saw declines in most of our brands around the world, a trend which we anticipated. Net onboard and other yields in our European brands were down less than our North American brands similar to our experience in net ticket revenue yields. Net onboard yields for all of the major categories were once again down on the third quarter versus the prior year but they were down less than they were in the second quarter.  In summary, given the economic environment and the impact of the flu virus which was worth about 1.4 points on third quarter yields, we were very pleased with our yield performance this quarter.  On the cost side, our cruise costs for available lower berth days, excluding fuel and in local currency, was down 0.7%. However, it should be noted that during the third quarter last year we received a $26 million insurance settlement. Excluding the settlement, net cruise costs were actually down 2.4%. However, the best measure of cruise cost changes are on an annualized basis which I will touch on in a moment.  Fuel prices this quarter were 39% lower saving us $211 million or $0.26 per share. While currency movements reduced our costs for the third quarter overall currency was a negative drag on earnings of approximately $80 million or $0.10 per share as the dollar strengthened versus the Euro and the Sterling.  Before I turn to the outlook let me say a few words about liquidity. At the end of the third quarter our liquidity was $6.2 billion. This includes $2.6 billion available on our revolvers, almost $700 million of cash excluding cash on hand and $3 billion of committed financing. Since the June conference call we have completed three financings worth approximately $800 million. Back in March we laid out a financing plan for the remainder of 2009 and fiscal 2010 which I indicated would take us six months to complete. I am happy to report that we fully executed our plan and we are well positioned through the end of 2010. However, we may still opportunistically increase our liquidity over the next year.  Turning to our 2009 outlook, I will skip the net revenue yield outlook as Howard will discuss that in a few moments. Cruise costs per available lower berth day for the full year excluding fuel and in local currency are projected to be flat with the prior year. Our operating companies continue to do an excellent job managing their costs. Year-to-date since the December guidance our cost savings now total $160 million. Based on the current spot price for fuel, fuel prices for the full year are projected to be $365 per metric ton for 2009 versus $558 per metric ton in 2008 saving us $616 million.  In addition, we are projecting a $90 million savings in 2009 for reduced fuel consumption. Fuel consumption per ALBD is expected to decline almost 5% this year. As a result of numerous fuel conservation measures we have been seeing 2-3% fuel efficiencies per year for a number of years. The stepped up focus in this area has benefited us this year and with larger declines in fuel consumption. Furthermore, the dollar has strengthened versus the Euro and the Sterling so in the end fuel and currency are driving our costs down and therefore in current dollars including fuel our costs are expected to be down 12%.  At this point I will turn the call back over to Howard. 
Howard Frank :  Thank you David. Now I will give you an update on the bookings picture. Throughout the summer booking volumes have continued to be quite strong which has enabled us to achieve higher last minute prices on cost of sailings throughout the fleet and we actually saw the impact of that in the third quarter as well. Yields are better than we had anticipated as David indicated.  As we indicated in the press release, during the last 12 weeks bookings for the next three quarters have been running 19% ahead year-over-year. More importantly, as a result of the strong volumes and adjusting for increased capacity we are now only moderately behind last years booking levels for the next [three] quarters so the gap in occupancy has significantly closed and the booking curve continues to lengthen.  [Inaudible] on an overall basis continues to be stable and for an overall number of itineraries where the booking window has pushed further out we have been able to move prices up. Trying to crystal ball yields for 2010 with any degree of decision is quite difficult at this time as there are many factors at play including the degree we are able to move prices more broadly as the booking curve extends. It was mid-September last year that began the meltdown in the financial markets and at the same time caused our cruise bookings to come to a virtual standstill. So booking volume comparisons will become even more easier in this quarter and if the current booking trends continue we should be able to quickly close the remaining occupancy gap and pricing comparisons should also become easier.  Because a large part of our first quarter 2010 business has already been sold at lower prices, at this point it will be difficult to gain enough pricing momentum to catch up with the first quarter yields we experienced in 2009. As a consequence, we expect local currency revenue yields for the first quarter of 2010 to be lower than 2009. Having said that, based on current currency exchange rates we do expect current dollar revenue yield to be neutral to slightly higher during the first quarter. As the remainder of year 2010 plays out if the strong booking volumes continue at this pace, we should start to see a positive local currency yield impact and a gradual year-over-year revenue yield improvement.  Now turning to new ship deliveries in 2010. We are currently projecting a 7.7% fleet wide increase; 3.6% in North America and 12% in Europe. We have a record six ships scheduled for delivery in 2010. The Costa Deliciosa will be delivered in mid-January, the AIDAblue in early February, the P&A Azura in late March, the Seabourn Sojourn in late May, Holland Americas New Amsterdam in late June and Cunnards Queen Elizabeth the replacement ship for the QE2 in late September. So of the six new ships, four ships are for our European brands which is a continuation of our strategy to expand our business in the less penetrated European market.  As part of this strategy they are also moving out all the ships from the European fleet. The Costa Europa has been chartered out to a European tour operator and will leave the fleet in April 2010 and just recently P&Os Artemis has been sold to another European tour operator for delivery in Spring 2011. Now a little bit of color by quarter. I will start with the current quarter we are in, the fourth quarter of 2009. Capacity increase for the fourth quarter will be 7.7%; 5.7% in North America and 9.6% in Europe. Overall at this point in time occupancy in North America and Europe brands are approximately at the same levels as Q4 of last year so we have caught up considerably and pricing is lower but given the strength of late bookings we do not expect further price deterioration for the quarter. There is very little inventory left to be sold.  In North America for the North American brands they will have 45% of their capacity in the Caribbean, up from 42% last year. Ten percent of their capacity is in Europe, just slightly down from 11% last year and 10% of the capacity will be in the Mexican Riviera cruises out of Southern California and the balance in Alaska and long and exotic cruises all of which are individually under 10%.  Pricing for the North American brands in the fourth quarter is lower in all itineraries with moderately lower pricing in the Caribbean and Europe and more significantly lower pricing for Alaska, the Mexican Riviera and long and exotic cruises. This follows a similar pattern we have had throughout the year with higher price cruise products suffering more significant declines and yields versus our lower priced products. Mexican Riviera pricing has also been challenged because of the significant economic slowdown in Southern California, the largest market for these cruises. We expect North American brand pricing to be down in the mid teens range for the fourth quarter which is a slight improvement from third quarter yield deterioration.  Let me comment about the situation in Alaska. While the cruise industry has held off filing suit to allow the government of Alaska to reconsider the imposition of the Alaska head tax the industry has now actually filed suit. It appears that the proponents of the head tax had been able to convince the political leaders in Alaska that the global economic crisis is the reason for declining passenger numbers in 2009. This is obviously an incorrect conclusion. Despite the global economic crisis virtually all cruises, the Caribbean, Europe, Asia, Australia and South America will see increases in passenger volumes in 2010. The reason for the rapidly declining numbers in Alaska is the cost of operating cruise ships in Alaska which have been dramatically risen. Together with the higher price our customers pay from the imposition of the head tax resulting from the original initiative. When we compare Alaska to other premium cruise markets during the peak summer months it is now far less profitable than it has been in the past. Despite significant decreases in Alaska capacity in 2010, early booking trends are still not positive and our brands are now starting to see further decreases beyond 2010. This downward spiral is likely to continue until these cost issues are addressed.  Now let me return to Europe in the fourth quarter of 2009. Europe brands have 78% of their capacity in Europe in the fourth quarter, about the same as last year. The balance of their capacity is in various other itineraries including transatlantic and the Caribbean. Pricing for Europe brand itineraries is moderately lower across most itineraries and we expect a modest decline on local currency pricing for Europe brands in the fourth quarter. As we indicated in the press release, we expect overall fourth quarter local currency yields to be lower in the 11-13% range year-over-year and earnings to come in at a range of $0.16 to $0.20, which is slightly lower than the implied fourth quarter earnings guidance we gave at the last call which is a result of simply forecasting higher fuel costs for the quarter than of currency.  Now looking to 2010, first a little bit of color on the first quarter. Fleet wide capacity for our business is expected to be higher by 9.9%. 5.3% of that will be for North American brands and 15% for our European brands. Occupancy on an overall basis at this time are moderately lower year-over-year for both North America and European brands. However, the strong booking patterns over the last several months have significantly closed the first quarter occupancy gap.  Looking now at the North American brands in the first quarter, the North American brands are 62% in the Caribbean which is about the same as it was last year. 11% in Mexican Riviera cruises which is down from 13% last year and the balance in various other itineraries including the long and exotic cruises which we do quite a bit of in the late fall and winter months. Currently pricing for Caribbean cruises is moderately lower than last year. The pricing for Mexican Riviera cruises is down more significantly. Pricing for long and more exotic cruises is also lower.  As booking volumes continue to strengthen we have been able to increase pricing for certain itineraries in the first quarter. Although current pricing is lower versus pricing at the same time last year, pricing is still higher than where 2009 first quarter pricing ended. However, as mentioned above and as I have mentioned before, with such a large part of the inventory already sold for the first quarter we expect North American brand yields to be moderately lower than last year although the yield deterioration will be significantly less than in the fourth quarter of 2009.  Now turning to Europe in the first quarter of 2010, Europe brands are 29% in the Caribbean, down from 32% last year. 27% in Europe up from 25% last year. 11% in South America which is about the same year-over-year and 11% in Asia versus 12% in the prior year with the balance in various other itineraries. Pricing for European itineraries at the present time is holding up well versus 2009 with pricing in most other itineraries moderately down versus last year. However, yields are more significantly lower in South America because of the challenging economic environment in Brazil and the significant increase in Brazilian cruise capacity this winter.  While overall European brand pricing at the present time is modestly lower as in North America pricing is still ahead of where Europe pricing closed in the first quarter of last year. By the time the first quarter closes we expect that European first quarter local currency pricing will be down slightly compared to last year and the yield deterioration is significantly less than the fourth quarter of 2009 which is the same pattern as in North America.  From an overall fleet wide standpoint for the first quarter we expect local currency yield to be moderately lower than a year ago and based on the latest currency exchange rates current yields are expected to be neutral to slightly higher. This is our best estimate for the first quarter yield direction at the present time. However, given the very different bookings patterns we are experiencing this year versus last we caution this is just an estimate on yield and it could change on the next update which we will give you in mid-December.  Turning to the second quarter of 2010, we have much less booking information available. Capacity for the second quarter is expected to increase by 9%. Four percent of that will be for our North American brands and 15.2% for our European brands. Second quarter data is still in its early stages so I caution not to read too much into this information. Having said that, overall occupancies are moderately down year-over-year in North America and Europe. In terms of the North American brand capacity, it is 57% in the Caribbean in the second quarter versus 52% last year. 10% in the Mexican Riviera, down from 11% last year with the balance in various other itineraries including Alaska, the [Europe] shoulder seasons, Asia and the Panama Canal.  Pricing at the current time for North American brands is lower than this time last year but slightly better than the pricing comparison in Q1. However, current second quarter pricing is well ahead of where the second quarter closed last year. Given the strength of current bookings we expect the current pricing gap to significantly close and last years second quarter yield to dramatically decline beginning with the September meltdown of the financial markets.  Now turning to Europe, Europe brands in the second quarter are 57% in Europe which is about the same as last year, 10% in transatlantic which is also about the same with the balance in various other itineraries all under 10%. At the present time, European local currency pricing is lower versus last year but the pricing is still significantly higher than where the second quarter closed last year. Also because of the strength of the European booking volume we expect the current pricing gap to close in a similar pattern to our North American brands.  So that is your early picture for 2010s second quarter. We will be able to provide you with more color on the first and second quarter 2010 revenue picture on our next call in December.  So with that, operator I will turn it back to you so we can open up the lines for questions. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital. 
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: You gave as usual very good overview and actually an encouraging outlook. It seems based on what you said the data is actually getting incrementally more positive. I am just looking back to the data in the last downturn where it took about three years to get back to prior peak. I know this is purely hypothetical and you dont have a whole lot of visibility but based on what you know and based on your experience I am wondering if you think that the recovery is going to be at a steeper slope or a similar slope to what you have seen before. Clearly the downturn is more significant but the supply situation is better so I just wanted to hear your view on that. 
Howard Frank :  This is my personal view. I think the experience we are having here in North America right now is very different than the experiences we have had in the past in terms of the economy. We havent experienced a downturn as dramatic as this in our yields. I would say given the economic data I read and the fact that unemployment is closing in on 10% and probably will go over 10% I would view the recovery as being slower. I think it is clear that we have kind of stabilized here and we have been able to boost pricing up at a price point that people find very attractive and we have been able to create tremendous volume and tremendous demand for various spots but I do think we are not going to see dramatic increases. I think it will be a slow, emerging yield environment for us and it will take several years, I think in my mind, to recover.  Now I could be wrong and sometime in mid 2010 all of a sudden the world changes and the 2011 picture will look much better but right now the 2010 picture I would say is stable and should get better as the year unfolds but there is so many factors out there in the economy. There is still a housing issue. There is unemployment. I just think it is going to be a fairly stable environment, maybe slightly improving but nothing more than that. 
David Bernstein :  In addition just so you understand in the last recovery it took us two years to recover what we lost during the downturn. 
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Now that WTI is above that magical 70 [R] mark I am wondering if there is any updated talks on June supplements? 
David Bernstein :  We continue to look at it but at this point in time we have indicated it is just something we continue to look at and is an option we have but we havent implemented anything to date. 
Howard Frank :  We put out a public statement on our position on that and we havent changed that position. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol.
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: You made comments in the release about the extension of the booking window. I wonder if you can quantify that at all. 
Howard Frank :  The booking window is sort of nine different brands and it will vary by brand. Some brands have really pushed it out further than other brands but I think overall I think it is a 15-30 day range. Something like that. I think it will vary. We dont do a combined overall forecast. We dont look at it overall. We look at it brand by brand and each brand seems to have been able to extend out their window in varying degrees but somewhere around 15-30 days. You are really now just starting to see it happen. 
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: Have you seen an underlying improvement in group booking trends yet? 
David Bernstein :  It is a mixed picture and I dont think we can see. It really is very brand dependent. Some up and some not. It is a mixed bag at this point. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Could you talk a little bit about your focus on or desire to build new ships given commodities, FX, shipyards maybe adding some discounts and just your appetite for maybe putting in some orders in the next couple of months for the out years? 
Micky Arison :  I think I said on the last call that pricing in Euros has come back down to reality and are pretty much in that 2003/2004 level where we did order before. Unfortunately in the last 30-60 days the dollar has weakened dramatically which has again made it tougher for the U.S. brands. I did probably say we would like to build some Princess but the situation right now I would venture to say it is unlikely that a contract could be signed before the end of the year which would make deliveries by 2012 less likely which will leave us with pretty significant free cash flow to 2012.  We do intend over time to continue to grow our brands but with what has happened over the last 12 months clearly we are being cautious. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Which brands then would you, if not the U.S. brands I am assuming it is the European brands you would be the most focused on? 
Micky Arison :  As I said three months ago, clearly we would like to build for Princess. We have a lot already in the pipeline for our European brands so we have no urgency to do anything with the European brands right now. We can wait a couple of years for the European brands. They have a lot in the pipeline. Princess I think would be our first priority, but again with the weaker dollar we are going to proceed cautiously. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tim Conder  Wells Fargo.
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : Maybe a different way to ask two of the prior questions, how would you compare what you are seeing right now of a re-trade up effect from the lower value brands and people returning to trading up the ladder within your brand pyramid? I guess another way maybe to look at that is also are you seeing the higher end brands booking window extending faster than they are at the more entry level brands? 
David Bernstein :  I think we are seeing more.
Howard Frank :  They are contracting more and expanding more so anecdotally what you just described is correct. 
David Bernstein :  The higher end brands are extending the window out. Im not sure more or less but they are performing better right now from a volume and bookings standpoint. Yes. We are seeing that come back. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : Is that recovery, is the trade up recovery would you term that as a similar pace to what we saw in the last downturn or coming out of the last downturn or slower? 
Micky Arison :  Everybody is trying to focus on the last downturn. We were two brands in the last downturn and a very different company and we werent global. We werent getting business from everywhere in the world so it is very hard to compare to the last downturn. We are encouraged with what we are seeing. We have now reported two quarters of very, very strong booking volumes. We are now reporting for the first time the booking curve is extending. To continue to compare it to the last downturn when the industry was quite different, we are far more global and our brand portfolio is so different with very different booking curves it is very hard for us to do. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : You had said when the board very astutely suspended the dividend that would be reassessed basically coming up here towards year-end or early in calendar 2010. What is your thinking at this point? Again your comment looking out even into 2012 you should generate substantial free cash flow by then but obviously 2010 is not 2012.
Micky Arison :  There is a number of issues that the board, I dont want to pre-empt the board but there is a number of issues. One is our liquidity situation and as David reported it is extremely good which was not the case 12 months ago. Second is that the overall business tone is improving and that obviously is the case. The third is we wanted to protect our rating which we have notched down with one agency during this period. So we would like to get that rating to A-. Based on those three things, principally those three things, we will make recommendations to the board and the board will make a decision but clearly we are headed in the right direction. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: When you look at the cost structure and you guys have done a great job in terms of removing costs, I dont know Howard if you could use a baseball analogy in terms of what inning you think you guys are or how much more there is to be removed at this point and which areas do you think there are more chances to remove costs, etc.? 
Howard Frank :  What inning would that be? It is hard to say. We have been very successful in getting our operating guys to focus on their costs and they have taken out a lot of costs on the short side area and have really re-examined processes and the way we function as an organization. We have consolidated some things. We have consolidated a large part of our Alaska operation between Princess and Holland America, taking a considerable amount of costs out. I think there is a lot of costs that I think we have already taken out and I would say we are probablyI still think there is plenty of opportunity. To use the analogy, we are probably in the fifth inning or sixth inning. I think between the fifth inning and the ninth inning though I think some of the remaining costs to be taken out could involve some more restructuring of certain aspects of the business. That is tougher to do. I do think there are opportunities there to do it and take some more costs out. 
David Bernstein :  The only thing I would like to add to that is that our operating companies are working more closely together today than they ever have before and that in and of itself has created a lot of opportunity for us and we will continue to do so as we move forward. 
Micky Arison :  I also think that one of the continuing big opportunities is fuel conservation. I think we are only in the middle innings on fuel conservation both between technology and investments that we are ongoing making to reduce consumption and reduce our footprint we have a long way to go. This year is a good example. Last year people were saying how much more can you do and this year we have done a lot more and we will be projecting more next year as well. So there are still opportunities. 
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: All the press right now is all over Oasis in terms of how well that is booking but when you look at Dream that is obviously your largest ship at this point. Maybe give an indication of how bookings look for that so far. 
Micky Arison :  Bookings for Dream are terrific. It is getting a very significant premium. I should say the same is true for Seabourn Odyssey. Bookings are terrific and it is getting a very significant yield premium. Both are. As far as Oasis, the more successful Oasis is the better it is for us. The higher prices they can get, the more demand they can get the better it is for the industry in total. The more exposure they bring to the industry will be positive as well so more power to them. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Ian Rennardson  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Touching on those three things again, I mean you talk about significant CapEx and free cash flow in 2012 but you are not paying a dividend yet and you have not ordered any ships past 2012. What are the alternatives for that cash if you dont start building ships? Secondly, I think David referred earlier to recovering the pricing in the last downturn over two years. Now I think the point is it is a different industry and different company. Do you think a three year cycle this time could be reasonable to recover the pricing you have lost this year? 
Micky Arison :  To answer part of your question, obviously we are going to try to recuperate as quickly as we can. That is the job of our marketing and our yield managing people and we would expect them to do their job and recuperate it as quickly as possible. As far as capital expenditures, as I said I do expect eventually we will be building more ships in the future for our various plans. We do intend to build them. If we have significant cash flow then the alternatives are basically stock buybacks and dividends. We would like to be in that position again as we were a few years back but we will see. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: I had a question on Q4 and Q1, those were obviously difficult quarters seasonally and that is the nature of the industry. Ignoring year-over-year comparisons because they are so different when you look at the year-ago periods what would be a normal curve from here on out for Q4 and especially Q1? If we took todays pricing should we expect that to remain pretty stable for the rest of the booking period especially for Q1 or is it difficult to call? 
Howard Frank :  I think we are saying that pricing essentially now is stable. In terms of where the actual yield comes in it is a little bit harder to predict but you need to know brand by brand and itinerary by itinerary and cabin by cabin what kind of inventory we actually are selling because the price will vary based on that. We dont have that data. I would say from an overall standpoint pricing is stable and as we are able to catch up on occupancy, because the yield curve is moving further out, we have been able to tweak pricing up on certain itineraries where we have seen the stronger demand. I would think it is probably stable to slightly up and that is how we would characterize both the fourth quarter and the first quarter. Having said that, that assumes the continuation of the very, very strong booking volumes.  You can very clearly see when we chart it out that as we take pricing down volumes go up and as we take pricing up volumes will start to come off a little bit. So it is a little bit of a balancing game as you go forward in terms of yield managing us. 
Micky Arison :  You also have to remember that we are always talking of comparison versus the prior year quarter and sometimes there are issues in that prior year quarter that arent obvious. A quick question is why arent we seeing sequential improvement fourth quarter versus third like we are in first and second? The reason is that last year we had the ending cruise of the QE2 and believe it or not that had a very, very significant positive impact on our yields last year that wont be repeated this fall. So you get these kinds of anomalies when you just look at quarters. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: I agree. That is why I am trying to ignore for a moment the year-ago period and just gauge a little bit more what your guidance is expecting to happen from current pricing on and I think Howard helped answer that by saying that basically an expectation of flat to slightly up. 
Micky Arison :  As long as volumes are significantly above our capacity increases then the only variable then becomes yield and pricing increases to bring the volume down because at the end we can only sail forward. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research:  There seemed to be about $0.05 tax benefit in the quarter. Would you be able to be more specific as to what that is related to? 
David Bernstein :  It was two things. The prior year we had about $0.01 per share which was related to that insurance settlement I talked about. The remaining portion really essentially has to do with the accounting and FIN 48 and the prior year as we footnoted in the press release. In the prior year we had put up some reserves and this year we had the reversal of the tax benefit from taking down a couple of reserves. Remember these are very small numbers and because on both sides there is zero points it looks like a big swing but it was really I think about a $16 million swing in the reserve overall. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: I know on an annual basis it seems like a small number but when it hits in a specific quarter it can seem a little bit chunkier. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: Two items. One, there was very little said about your onboard spend during the call or in the press release. Can you update us there? 
David Bernstein :  I did mention that in the third quarter we saw a decline in most of the categories and I had also indicated that the declines in the third quarter were not as great as the declines in the second quarter. I think I said it was about 6.5 percentage point decline in the third quarter. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: 825 to 864. 
David Bernstein :  Versus probably like 9.5% in the second quarter. So there has been some improvement in that area. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: Also, staying with the income statement for a moment, your passenger ticket number is down roughly 15.12%. Your commission, transportation and other expense is down almost 22%. Where did that huge differential come from? 
David Bernstein :  We will have to look into that in more detail and get back to you. 
Micky Arison :  Customer deposits, a large part of the decline is pricing related. Also depending on what you are measuring from, which period to which period because there is also seasonal declines. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: I was using the third quarter numbers where commissions, transportation and other which is the first expense item and I compared that which was a 22% decline to the passenger ticket line for the same quarter which showed only a 15.12% decline. 
Micky Arison :  We will get back to you on that one. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: Lastly, you mentioned you will have two ships out on lease. How is the accounting treatment for leases done? Does that imply you might have higher earnings for those two vessels if they are out on lease than when you own and operate them? 
Micky Arison :  One was leased and one was a purchase. 
Howard Frank :  Let me just clarify. The charter is a long-term charter essentially that should cover the remaining life of that ship which is the Costa Europa. The other transaction is an outright sale of the ship that gets delivered on the Artemis which is in the P&O fleet which will continue in the P&O fleet until it is re-delivered in the spring of 2011. So we sell it. We get the proceeds. The proceeds will be in the form of cash and seller financing but a very, very major piece of it is in cash. Then we charter it back until it is actually re-delivered to the buyer until Spring of 2011.  So essentially both transactions, neither of those transactions result in a loss. In fact on the sale of the Artemis it will be a profit on that. 
Micky Arison :  I think it is fair to say that both purchases, the term lease is just the way the purchase is financed in a sense. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: So then there will not really be a comparative number there. What we are looking at is one that is going to be straight to the top line versus last years numbers that had to flow through the entire income statement? Or going to the pre-tax line, excuse me, versus when you own and operate going to the whole income statement? 
Howard Frank :  Once the ships are delivered to the third party tour operator they will come out of the fleet. Now remember that both of those companies, P&O and Costa, P&O has the reserve coming in this year and Costa has 3 more ships scheduled for delivery so they will be replacement tonnage for these ships. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: I am not concerned about that. I was just wondering how much of an incremental one-time profit we might see in the respective quarters when the two ships leave the fleets. 
David Bernstein :  These are not terribly material. 
Micky Arison :  Nothing terribly material. 
Beth Roberts :  I am going to just comment briefly on your question about commission, transportation and other, the reduction is coming from a combination of lower air [payments] in that there are less passengers that booked air through us in the quarter in addition to lower average airfare costs per passenger. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein. 
Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein : I wonder if you could comment on pricing relative to Carnival and Seabourn particularly as you add Carnival Dream and Seabourn Odyssey you are getting significant premiums as we might expect from these great new ships. What is going on with the rest of the Carnival brand and the Seabourn brand and the older ships relative to pricing? 
Howard Frank :  Basically what I will tell you about Carnival and I will tell you about each of them separately because they are very different stories, but Carnival throughout this period I think has probably performed quite well as a brand and it does have more of a mass market appeal. Price points are lower. Ships are closer to home ports in which people live. So throughout this period Carnival has performed quite well as a brand. I think we have been very pleased with the pricing on the Dream and occupancy that has been very strong on the Dream. Because it is positioned in a very different market than the rest of the ships it shouldnt have much of an impact on other Carnival ship pricing.  The Seabourn Odyssey has performed extremely well. There has been tremendous demand for the ship. The other three ships are much smaller ships and they have been positioned in more exotic locations. We have another Seabourn ship, the Sojourn, which gets delivered next May. Those ships are considerably at much higher price points than the existing three ships. We try to position then differently. 
Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein : In Alaska you talked a little bit about your frustrations and challenges there. At the same point, Disney is talking about opening new cruises in that area. Does the fact that they are going into the market as you have reduced capacity mean it will be hard to get any of your slots back? 
Micky Arison :  No. Not at all. Disney has only announced one year and Disney has historically, by the way Crystal has done the same thing, historically cherry picked markets. So they have the two ships at Port Canaveral and have occasionally moved them like one to LA and to Europe and now they are going back to Europe. So they tend to cherry pick their passenger base. So they may do this one year and not come back for 3-5 years. The basic Canada business, the Alaska business will be declining. You will get this occasional either Crystal or Disney or maybe even a Seabourn doing Alaska but the overall trend in Alaska will be down and as far as I know Disney has only booked the one year so they havent taken any berths beyond the one year. 
Howard Frank :  As has Crystal. 
Micky Arison :  When you have a large passenger base when you do a new itinerary it is relatively easy to sell for a year. That is what Crystal is doing and that is what Disney is doing. 
David Bernstein :  They were there six years ago and as Micky said they are returning once again. 
Howard Frank :  Crystal there has been a six year gap between the two times. I mean the basic companies that are the backbone of the Alaska cruises are Holland America and Princess are one and two then Royal Caribbean, Celebrity and C&O. All of those companies are reducing capacity. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Robin Farley  UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS: You covered a lot already on the issue of new ship holders and your free cash flow. Just curious to hear a little bit more, you mentioned by year end you dont think you will order a new ship. I guess it is surprising that you have not ordered in so long and you seem to be more flexible about your plans and maybe being able to take an order in dollars and have the yard take the currency hit. It has been a lot of years since [inaudible] but I wonder if you could talk about whyI am assuming they dont want to do that. Are they closing yards down temporarily instead of taking orders? If it does change if you come to some agreement to order a new ship, I dont think you have said this explicitly but is it fair to assume that you would feel comfortable in terms of your free cash flow that you could still reinstate the dividend at some level and order new ships? Is there nothing mutually exclusive there like ordering something for Princess for next year and still reinstate part of your dividend? 
Micky Arison :  I talked about three things as far as reinstating the dividend. New ships wasnt one of the three. The three things were liquidity, turn in business and maintaining our rating. I think we can do those three things and build new ships. The reality is in the past yards have done what you have described. Whether they will do that now or not we will see. Generally speaking, yards are hard pressed to build below their cost. They are not really in a position to do that. I think for the most part as I said from a Euro point of view they have come down to reasonable prices but because of the recent weakness of the dollar it has just made it tougher. That is not to say deals wont eventually get done as time moves on. I was just guessing that the likelihood, we are in September already and we are not writing specifications so the likelihood is the contract wont get done before the end of the year which would make it difficult for 2012. Not impossible but quite difficult.  We have only got I believe, David correct me if I am wrong, two ships for 2012. 
David Bernstein :  That is correct.
Micky Arison :  So regardless of what happens we will likely have significant free cash flow in 2012 and beyond. We have two for 2012 right Dave? 
David Bernstein :  That is correct. One for Costa and one for AIDA. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of questions on yield. On the third quarter yield which is down 12.3% your guidance for Q2 stated down 14% to down 16%. Normally at that stage you sold pretty well most of the quarter you are in, 90% or so. So mathematically that would imply the prices for the bookings that havent been sold yet must have been up pretty substantially, 20% or so if my math is correct. Were you surprised by that last minute strength or were you just conservative with your guidance or was my math wrong? 
David Bernstein :  Your math is not wrong. It was just that these were as we said, the pricing came in better than we had expected during that period of time. We typically start the quarter as we have always indicated with 85-95% of the next quarters bookings on the books and the remaining bookings that came in like we had previously taken better than we had expected as a result of the volumes. 
Beth Roberts :  And onboard revenues also came in $0.02 better than we had anticipated as well. 
Micky Arison :  I think July and August are pretty unique in that our brands we are looking at the booking pattern and anticipating having to discount a certain amount to get it done. July and August is where people are just going to take their vacations and demand wound up much stronger and virtually right across the board in all brands than they anticipated. 
Howard Frank :  I think it is fair to say that the demand pattern was so different than the last couple of years that these guys werent able to anticipate the strength of the last minute strength of this. 
Micky Arison :  Based on what happened in the prior nine months they were to some degree gun shy too. 
Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley: On 2010 yields, just from the guidance there in Q1 you are saying modestly lower coming from FX which is pretty clear. Going to that directly, did you say that you expect Q2 to be positive with momentum building from there? Is that correct? 
Howard Frank :  What I think I said was that for the remainder of the year we expect the yield picture to continue to improve from yield one. I didnt give any specific guidance on the second quarter other than the data points that we had. We expect the situation to sequentially each quarter get better in 2010. 
Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley: Would you go so far as saying you would expect yields to turn positive as early as the second quarter knowing what you know? 
Howard Frank :  I didnt say that. All I said was that we expect it to get sequentially better quarter-over-quarter. 
Micky Arison :  As you rightly pointed out we didnt do a very good job in the third quarter which we were quite on top of. So, it is harder to predict now than it has been. 
Howard Frank :  To be fair, I said that this is such a different demand pattern that this could change. When we get to the December update when we have the fourth quarter earnings call we will be in a much better position to have a sense of what the yield is going to be for the first half of the year and for the full year but we havent even started the budget review process yet. So things do change as we go through the fall. We will be in a much better position. Clearly the signs are positive. Volumes are strong and we have been able to start to tweak prices up here which is a good picture. 
David Bernstein :  There is no doubt the comparisons do get easier as the year progresses quarter by quarter as well. 
Micky Arison :  Clearly trying to send signals for people as they have gotten used to these low prices they had better book quickly because with these kinds of volumes our brands are going to be able to take pricing. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian  Citigroup.
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: Just as a follow up on that question given that you had mentioned end pricing versus the current pricing in the second quarter did I hear you right on that in your prepared statement? 
Howard Frank :  What I said was the current pricing where it stands today both in North America and Europe are well ahead of where the second quarter closed last year and what happened is that the second quarter pricing dramatically moved down last year when the credit markets froze and we had the beginning of September. So as bookings just dropped dramatically. So we are still quite a bit ahead of where the second quarter bookings were. 
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: Onboard spend saw some improvements there. How discretionary are you finding that to be versus ticket prices and then also just have you noticed any types of purchases on board that have changed since maybe before the downturn versus at the downturn and kind of currently right now? 
David Bernstein :  I think there have been different behaviors in the various categories of onboard revenue. For instance, auto options and the casino areas are down more so than many of the other areas. To that extent you might say that perhaps those are more discretionary than things like shore excursions and bar revenues. So we have seen a small change in the overall mix of our total onboard spend at this point in time. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Rosie Edwards  MF Global. 
Rosie Edwards  MF Global: Can you remind us of your guidance on earning sensitivity to a 1% move in fuel currency and net revenue yields please? 
David Bernstein :  Sure. I actually have done the calculation as a 10% change so let me give you that. A 10% change in fuel represents about $116 million or $0.15. Of course keep in mind as the overall price of fuel changes that relationship changes. Also, a 10% movement in the U.S. dollar against all currencies that is about $140 million or $0.17 per share. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Edward [Catford]  No Company Listed. 
Edward [Catford]  No Company Listed: You mentioned very clearly the conditions under which the board might consider reviewing the dividend. I seem to remember that one of the considerations when you suspended it was you didnt want to borrow money to pay the dividend. Has that consideration changed? 
Micky Arison :  It hasnt changed only from the context of our credit rating. We have always said we strategically believe that a strong A- credit rating was an important part of our business strategy and so if you have to borrow money to the point that it affects the credit rating then it hasnt changed. But it is only in that context. It is not the issue of money but the issue of borrowing money to the point of negatively impacting your credit rating. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol. 
Rick Lyall  John W. Bristol: I suspect you look at returns on a brand basis. When you look at returns on a geographic basis how do you think about Alaska on a longer-term basis? Historically it has been a premium market with Holland and Princess primarily exposed there. Even if you adjust capacity and restructure your costs can that return to the levels of profitability or return on capital it has achieved historically? 
Micky Arison :  We dont look at our itineraries based on that. The way we look at an itinerary is if the ship is in Alaska how much money is she going to make. If she is in Europe during that peak summer how much money is she going to make. If she is in the Caribbean or Australia, etc. The brand will decide to put the ship where there is the best return and the most profitable return. In the context they already have seven ships in Europe or they already have two ships in Australia, they have got to understand those but they will model it out and if it pays to pull a ship from Alaska and put it in Europe or pull a ship from Alaska and put it in the Far East they will do that. That is exactly what they did in 2010 and we are going through those reviews right now and it is likely we are going to do more of it in 2011 because you are talking the peak July and August period where we can make a lot of money on a lot of different itineraries and you cant make a lot of money in Alaska because of this initiative.   [Multiple speakers simultaneously] it is environmental. It is the ranges. The amount of cost they have put onto the industry during this short season is astronomical and it will continue to negatively impact Alaska. 
Operator:  There are no further questions. 
Howard Frank :  Thank you all very much for listening in. If you have follow-up questions Beth is available later on this afternoon. Thank you so much. Everybody have a great day. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-06-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Micky Arison - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Howard Frank - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer David Bernstein - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pier Luigi Foschi  Director, Chairman of Cost Crociere and Chief Executive Officer Costa Crociere Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Robin Farley - UBS Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Tim Conder  Wells Fargo  Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein  Mark Giambrone  Barrow Hanley David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley Scott Barry  Credit Suisse Rosie Edwards  MF Global 
Operator: Welcome to the Carnival Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants are in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Carnival Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank Blake:  Good morning everyone. This is Howard Frank speaking and I together with Micky Arison are here in Genoa, Italy having just taken delivery of the new Seabourn Odyssey a few hours ago. I am at Costa Cruise Line offices and Pier Luigi Foschi, Chairman and CEO of Costa in our continental European cruise companies is here on the call with us. In Miami, David Bernstein, our CFO, is there together with Beth Roberts, our VP of Investor Relations.   I will turn the call over to David to give you the color on the second quarter financial results and then David will toss it back to me and I will give you some comments on what the outlook looks like. David?  
David Bernstein:  Thank you, Howard. I will begin the conference call by reading the forward-looking statement. During this conference call we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties or other factors, which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnivals earnings press release and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  For the second quarter our earnings per share were $0.33 versus $0.49 for the prior year. The second quarter came in above the mid-point of our March guidance by $0.02 per share. This was driven by a variety of cost-saving measures, timing of certain SG&A expenses and reduced fuel consumption which benefited us to the tune of $0.05 as a result of tight cost controls and cost saving initiatives while better than expected pricing on close in bookings benefited us to the tune of $0.03.  All of this was partially offset by higher fuel prices costing $0.02. The impact from disruption of our Mexican cruises in response to the CDCs recommendation against nonessential travel in Mexico due to the flu which cost us $0.03 and a shortfall from expectations in net on-board and other revenue yields that cost us about $0.01.  Overall for the second quarter our total revenue yields came in towards the lower end of the range, down 9.8% in constant dollars versus March guidance of down 8-10% driven primarily by the impact of the flu. Given the uncertain times and the flu disruption, I think the operating companies did an excellent job beating our guidance.  Looking at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year, our capacity increased 5.9% for the second quarter of 2009 with a majority of the increase once again going to our European brands. Our European brands grew 8% while our North American brands grew 4.2%. Also during the second quarter Costa Asia over doubled in size and Costa Classica joined Costa Allegra in China.  As I previously mentioned, overall net revenue yields in local currency declined 9.8% in the second quarter versus the prior year. Now lets look at the two components of net revenue yields. For net ticket yields we saw a yield decline of 10% in local currency. Our North American brands were down 14% driven primarily by declines in Alaska, Europe and not surprisingly in Mexico due in large part to the CDC travel restrictions relating to the flu.  However, yields in the Caribbean and other exotic itineraries held up somewhat better in the second quarter compared to the prior year. Our European brands experienced 6% lower local currency ticket yields on higher capacity driven by declines in all itineraries.  For net on-board and other yields, we reported a yield decline of 9.4% in local currency. We saw declines in most of our brands around the world; a trend we had anticipated. Net on-board and other yields in our European brands were down less than our North American brands similar to our experience in net ticket revenue yields.  Net on-board yields in all major categories of bar, casino, shore ex, shops, photo and spa were down in the second quarter versus the prior year.  In summary, you should note that while the second quarter net revenue yields were down almost 10% they still benefited from some strong pricing on bookings taken prior to the start of the financial crisis last fall. As we look forward to the back half of 2009, all of which was essentially booked after the start of the financial crisis, expect to see slightly larger yield declines as the back half of the year feels the full brunt of the recession and is impacted by the seasonal deployments in Alaska and Europe.  On the cost side, our cruise costs per available lower berth day excluding fuel and in local currency for the second quarter were up 1% driven by the $24 million increase in dry-dock expense this year versus the prior year which was due to more vessels being in dry-dock. However, the best measure of cruise costs are on an annual basis and I will touch upon that in a moment.  Fuel prices this quarter were 43% lower, saving us $180 million or $0.22 per share. Our fuel consumption for available lower berth day this quarter declined 6%, saving us $27 million or $0.03 per share. As a result of numerous conservation measures we have been seeing 2-3% fuel efficiencies per year for a number of years now. The stepped up focus in this area has benefited us through the whole first half of 2009 with an even larger decline in fuel consumption.  While currency movements have reduced our costs for the second quarter overall currency was a negative drag on our earnings of approximately $55 million or $0.07 per share as the dollar strengthened versus the Euro and the Sterling.  Before I turn to the outlook I would like to say a few words about liquidity. At the end of the second quarter pro forma for the recent loan signings we had $4.8 billion of liquidity. This included $1.7 available on our revolver, $232 million of cash excluding cash on hand, $200 million of committed bank term loans, 550 million Euros of commitments from the European Investment Bank and $1.9 billion of export credits, two export credits remaining for 2009 and one per year for 2010, 2011 and 2012. Since the March conference call we have completed six financings worth $1.7 billion; two Italian export credits for 2009 worth $570 million, one for Costa Pacifica and one for the Seabourn Odyssey which we drew this morning upon delivery. We also had the European Investment Bank loan which was mentioned in the press release for 550 million Euros and we did three bank facilities worth $350 million.  As I mentioned on our last conference call the Italian export credits for Costa Pacifica and Seabourn Odyssey completed our financing needs for 2009 and we are now on target to complete the rest of our financing needs by the end of September for 2010.  I will skip the net revenue outlook as Howard will discuss that in a few moments and I just wanted to touch on our cruise cost outlook for the year. Cruise costs per available lower berth day for the full year excluding fuel and in local currency are projected to be in line with the prior year, up just about 0.3%.  During the March conference call I said that while we were happy that we were expecting to have another year of essentially flat costs we would not rest there and we didnt. Our operating companies managed to find additional opportunities worth $33 million in lower costs excluding fuel price and currency, bringing the total savings since the December guidance to $150 million. Based on the current spot price for fuel, fuel prices for the full year are projected to be $353 per metric ton for 2009 versus $558 per metric ton in 2008, saving us $660 million.  In addition, FX rates have moved from a 2008 average of Euro 149 and GBP 190 to 2009 guidance of Euro 137 to GBP 154. In the end, fuel and currency are driving our costs down so in current dollars and including fuel our costs are expected to be down 12-14%. While the FX rate movement reduces our costs it also reduces our revenue. Given these FX rates the year-over-year profit impact from currency is expected to be a reduction in the bottom line of $175 million or $0.22 per share.  As fuel and currency are big factors impacting our 2009 results I wanted to share with you some of the current rules of thumb about the impact of exchange rates and fuel prices on our 2009 results. To start with, a 10% change in price of fuel represents approximately $110 million or $0.14 per share impact for the full year on our P&L. The 10% impact in fuel obviously moves with the price of fuel. With respect to FX movement, a 10% change in all currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would impact our P&L by approximately $130 million or $0.16 per share.  Fortunately for us, FX and fuel items have generally moved in opposite directions acting to some extent as natural hedges of each other. At this point I will turn the call back over to Howard. 
Howard Frank : Thank you David. To start this morning I would like to mention that given the challenges during 2009 it has been gratifying to see the Carnival business model holding up so well during perhaps what is the most significant slow down in the world economy in our lifetime. The positive take away for us during this historically significant period is that the strategy of attractively pricing our cruise vacations in order to maintain our high levels of occupancy has continued to enable us to attract new customers and to achieve solid profit margins.  Also during 2009 we have taken further steps to reduce operating and shore side costs which David discussed which will continue to benefit us in the future periods. So as we emerge from this global economic slow down we believe we will be a far stronger and more profitable business than before.  Before I move on to my quarterly comments I would also like to touch upon our strategy of maintaining a strong balance sheet with high levels of liquidity. This has enabled us to successfully navigate through this very difficult economic environment which as you know also included the bank liquidity crisis and the freezing of the credit markets.  Our low leverage ratio and solid investment grade rating provide us with the ability to access credit facilities at costs considerably below current capital market rates. David talked about the various financings we have accomplished during the last several months. That gives us maximum flexibility as we emerge from the recession.  Now to the booking environment. Since the beginning of this year our booking volumes for the back half of the year have been running approximately 16% ahead of 2008 volumes. As we indicated in our press release since March the bookings volumes are now running 26% ahead of last year. The cost of these bookings had been at lower price points which I will comment on later.  So despite the soft economy, rising rates of unemployment in North America and Europe, we seem to have found a price point that incentivizes the consumer to book a cruise vacation. With the strong bookings, prices are beginning to show signs of improving for certain of our itineraries which is encouraging.  Looking separately at our North American cruise brands we are seeing a modest improvement in pricing for our premium products. However, pricing for contemporary cruises has suffered because of the flu related travel restrictions to Mexico. In that regard we have restarted our sailings to Mexico this month and except for the initial disruptions Mexican itinerary booking volumes continue to be strong and we expect that pricing for Mexican cruises will strengthen over time.  As to our European brands, pricing has held steady and there appears to have been very little fall out from the flu issue in Europe. As we indicated in our press release, the main factors affecting our earnings guidance for the year include fuel which is now forecasted at $353 per ton versus $279 per ton in our prior guidance. This higher than previously forecasted fuel cost announced at $0.29 and the strengthening of the Euro and Sterling kind of offset that by a favorable $0.06 per share.  While the impact of the flu on our Mexican deployments put a negative $0.10 per share on yields it was largely offset by better than expected revenue yields for our other deployments which was $0.14 per share and we expect a further $0.04 savings on costs for the year. So the sum of total on these items if you can follow all that nets out to $0.15 per share and new guidance range for 2009 of $2.00 to $2.10 per share which is down from our previous guidance of $2.10 to $2.30.  Now turning to the next three quarters, for our third quarter our fleet wide capacity is 5.6% higher than a year ago; 3.8% in North America and 7.4% in Europe. At this time, fleet wide occupancy for the third quarter is running behind the year ago with pricing substantially lower. For our North American brands, third quarter capacity breaks down as follows: Alaska is 28% of our capacity with Europe at 19%, the Caribbean at 36% and balance in various other itineraries.  Pricing for our North American brands is lower across all itineraries with the steepest decline in our Alaska programs. Mexican Riviera cruise pricing is also considerably lower because of the impact of the flu on Mexican itineraries. European itinerary prices for North American brands is lower but not as low as originally anticipated as a result of recently stronger booking demand for European cruises. Caribbean pricing is lower also in part affected by those Caribbean itineraries which call on Mexican ports.  Occupancy for our North American brands at this stage are lower year-over-year for our Caribbean, Mexican Riviera and Alaskan itineraries and slightly higher at this point for our European itineraries. We expect that North American brand revenue yields will be lower in the double digit range by the time the third quarter closes.  For our European brands in the third quarter pricing is lower year-over-year but our European brands have not suffered the steep pricing declines experienced in North America. Our continental European brands, Costa and AIDA, have lower pricing with yields expected to be down in the single digit range by the time the quarter closes. Our U.K. brand yields are expected to be only slightly lower by the end of the quarter. Our Spanish brands, our Ibero cruises, have suffered the steepest decline in yield because of the very weak Spanish economy but fortunately this is a very small part of our European brand portfolio.  Overall we expect European brand pricing to be lower in the single digit range by the time the third quarter closes. As we indicated in the press release we expect overall revenue yields in the third quarter on a local currency basis to be 14-16% lower year-over-year and earnings per share in the third quarter is expected to be in the $1.15 to $1.19 range.  Let me just comment on the Spanish Ibero cruises. Despite the currently weak Spanish economy we do believe in the long-term future of the Spanish brand. In fact, we have entered into an agreement to purchase the remaining 25% minority interest in Ibero for 23 million Euros and have recently made a number of changes in the organization in order to further integrate Ibero into the Costa group in Europe.  We also recently moved a senior Costa executive to Madrid to manage the company and have brought in several new executives to Ibero to support these efforts which is already beginning to yield very positive results. So long-term, we are going to be in Spain and we think that is going to be a very good business for us.  Turning to the fourth quarter, fourth quarter fleet wide capacity is up 7.6%, 5.7% in North America and 9.4% for our European brands. Fleet wide occupancies are running behind year-ago prices and year-over-year pricing is lower but on a relative basis better than third quarter pricing.  For North American brands, capacity breaks down as follows: 45% Caribbean, Alaska and Europe combined is 17% and long and exotic cruises are 12% with the balance in various other itineraries.  North American brands Caribbean pricing is lower but the fourth quarter booking momentum versus the 2008 period has been strong similar to the third quarter. Pricing for Alaska cruises during the [shoulder] period are considerably lower. Europe itinerary pricing, although lower, is holding up better than Alaska.  Long and exotic cruises with the higher price points are also considerably lower than a year ago. While occupancies for North American brands fourth quarter are still lower as a result of the strong booking volumes during the last several months we have caught up considerably and are now only modestly behind in occupancy.  European brand itineraries are 78% in Europe and 11% in long and exotic cruises in the fourth quarter. European brands pricing during the fourth quarter continues to be better than our U.S. brands although pricing for European and long and exotic cruises are lower year-over-year and the declines are not as deep as the U.S. brands.  Similar to the North American booking pattern, fourth quarter bookings in Europe continue to be strong and occupancy levels although lower than a year ago have caught up considerably as a result of the recently strong booking levels. Overall by the time the quarter closes we expect fourth quarter pricing to be lower year-over-year but improving from the third quarter expected price declines.  Now turning to the first quarter of 2010, and this will be the first time we have commented on the booking trends in the first quarter of 2010. Fleet wide capacity in the first quarter is expected to be higher by approximately 9.2%. 5.2% of that is for North American brands and 13.3% is for European brands. The booking information for the first quarter of 2010 is still in its early stages of development so I caution not to read too much into this information.  Having said that, at this time we do expect to have yield declines in the first quarter of 2010. This results from year-over-year comparisons being very difficult since a good percentage of 2009 first quarter business was booked before the economy began entering into the recession in the third and fourth quarters of last year.  From a fleet wide standpoint while bookings at this time are below last years levels as a result of the strong booking volumes in recent weeks we are currently tracking last years booking levels even with the 9.2% increase in capacity in the first quarter.  North American capacity for the first quarter of 2010 breaks down as follows: Caribbean is 62%. Mexican Riviera 11%. Long and exotics are approximately 16% and all of those are approximately the same percentages as we had in last years first quarter.  North American brand occupancy and pricing across all itineraries are lower than last year. However, current pricing on booked [visit] is still ahead of the pricing we finished with the first quarter of 2009. So if the strong booking momentum continues it is possible we could see a narrowing of the current year-over-year pricing declines.  European brand pricing has at least at this point held up quite well and is running at approximately the same levels as last year. Although occupancies are lower than a year ago, booking momentum has been strong which is quite encouraging but as I said earlier it is still early in the booking window for the first quarter of 2010.  So that is the outlook for the first quarter of 2010. We will be able to provide you with more color on the first quarter revenue picture in our next call this September.  With that, Operator I will turn it back to you for questions from our callers. Thank you. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital. 
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: I have a question for you on the EIB loan. I was wondering if you could walk us through the structure of that. The rate and the terms. Were there any guarantees? Im just wondering is there any significance to starting to be able to borrow from the EIB? Will we see that again in the future? 
David Bernstein :  Im sure. Well the EIB loan is actually a loan that will be taken out by Costa Crociere. It actually finances a couple of their ships. The loan is 550 million Euros. 200 million Euros will be drawn this year, 200 million Euros in 2010 for Costas next ship and then 150 million Euros in 2011. The loans are guaranteed of course by the parent company; both Carnival Corp. and Carnival PLC and it is a 15-year structure. The rate is very favorable and as we have been achieving on all of our loans it is very competitive and very favorable compared to the type of financing we would get in the capital markets today.  This was a great opportunity. Actually this opportunity was a result of something that Pier Luigi Foschi, who is there in Genoa with Micky and Howard. As a result of the credit crisis of last year we all started thinking and scratching our heads about what to do as the credit markets became more difficult and Pier came up with the idea of approaching the EIB. We have been working on this since last September. It is a very unique opportunity because remember the EIB is looking for projects to stimulate growth in the European economy and these ships are going to be sailing in the Med as part of the European economy. So we have been working with them since last September and we were able to finalize the loan earlier this month. Whether there are more opportunities in the future is something we will always continue to look at as the rates are very favorable.
Micky Arison :  What allowed us to do this is the fact the company is Italian owned, Italian based with Italian flag operating in the Mediterranean so obviously the economic benefits all flow to Italy and the Mediterranean area. So it was a unique set of circumstances that may or may not be able to be repeated in the future. We dont know. But again it was very creatively put together and with the help of Costa and [inaudible] and the EIB we were able to get it done and the Italian representative for the EIB played a very important role.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: On capacity, now we are half way through 2009 and we havent seen any orders in the industry for obvious reasons. That definitely bodes well for 2012. As you think about your strategy over the next few years I am wondering if you envision continued growth of your fleet or if you think we will see a lull in your ship orders over the next year or so? 
Micky Arison :  I do think we have been saying we expect capacity growth beyond what is known now to slow down but I dont expect it to stop. Clearly we have brands that have needs and in recent years or two we have had issues both with the dollar and commodity prices meaning new building prices sky rocketed. While some of our competitors ordered under those circumstances we held back and we havent ordered in quite some time. With everything that has happened over the last 9-12 months a lot of these commodity prices and other prices have come down significantly. Pricing is starting to resemble pricing we had when we did order. We continue to talk to yards and continue to look at opportunities and if we have the right opportunity for the right brand that meets the capacity and the pricing is right we will consider it. I do expect capacity growth will slow but it wont stop. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: When I look at your results, third quarter net yield came in towards the bottom end, was towards the worse end of your guidance. Third quarter looks a little bit more difficult. For the fourth quarter it looks like you are forecasting a pretty big rebound and I was just trying to figure out why that would happen given all the things you just mentioned? Could you also just talk about what you see sort of day-to-day on the swine flu impact? It seems it goes through lulls of publicity and then gets a flash of publicity. Does that affect your bookings almost day-to-day when a ship is being quarantined off of Venezuela today and sort of how that impacts things? 
Micky Arison :  First of all remember that the guidance was given before we had the Mexico travel advisory. So the fact we are able to be within guidance despite the Mexico travel advisory I think is a pretty good sign that everything else was booking better than we had anticipated. That is true for the second and to some degree a little bit of the third quarter. As far as the impact it is interesting. During the time of the advisory clearly there was a huge amount of disruption caused by that CDC advisory because of the itinerary changes. People didnt know Carnival Cruise Lines basically changed itineraries through mid-June and people didnt know what they would do beyond June. Basically for 3-4 weeks everything into those vessels stopped. So now we are digging ourselves out of that hole. There has been little resistance actually to going back to Mexico. We didnt see a lot of cancellations during that period. We just saw the uncertainty of the itineraries caused this disruption. Volumes now are very good, much higher than last year, but we are digging ourselves out of a hole and are having to do it with lower pricing.  As far as these isolated occurrences it is tough to explain. We have now been in touch with 23 Caribbean governments. We have gotten confirmation back from 20 of them that they will not behave in the way they have behaved with [fulman tours]. You would have to ask [fulman tours] what is going on over there but the reality is that when a ship arrives in a port with a few flu cases confirmed or unconfirmed, those cases have been isolated and the passengers have been aboard for a number of days and so symptoms would have come out and we have isolated the passengers with symptoms. If those passengers had arrived by air after a four or five hour flight they would not be symptomatic and would be in the population. So it is clearly much safer, as long as you operate under the protocols that we, the CDC have put together much safer to accept a ship even if it has some cases.  By the way we are talking about a flu that is no worse, and appears to be symptoms even milder than seasonal flu. So this over-reaction in some locations has been a problem. We had a particular problem in Australia, but we are trying to deal with it port-by-port and government by government and I think over time people are understanding this is not any different than seasonal flu and shouldnt be treated as such.  We also have to remember that WHO from the very beginning said there should be no restrictions on travel and yet some governments lower level people have panicked and done things you just described. So hopefully over time as everybody gets educated and we work hard to educate people and we work hard with the CDC to educate people this becomes less and less of an issue and will be treated more and more like seasonal flu. 
Howard Frank :  I just want to clarify a few things on the yield estimation. I think it is fair to say without the impact of the flu on the second quarter we would have come in at the mid-point of the yield forecast range we had given for the second quarter. So it really was more driven by the flu effect. While the third quarter will be down it is clear that some of these seasonal Alaska programs took a big hit in the third quarter and some other long and exotics took a big hit. I think we suffered more in the third quarter. Third quarter typically because it is seasonally our strongest quarter has the highest price points so I think we felt more of the impact of the yield erosion in the third quarter.  While I think the fourth quarter will be better than the third quarter I wouldnt say it is going to be remarkably better but it is certainly going to be improved from the third quarter. Also we are seeing some evidence and we have been able to pick up some additional yield and we are seeing some evidence of hopefully coming out of this situation or at least stabilizing the situation but hopefully coming up with some pricing improvement in some itineraries as we go forward. I think we are starting to see that for the fourth quarter. Third quarter is really basically done and not a whole lot left to see. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Into the first quarter it sounds like things would still be negative. With the amount of supply coming on does that suggest the negatives will continue throughout 2010? Given what you are seeing so far fuel is that way and again with the amount of supply coming into 2010. 
Howard Frank :  Let me take a little bit of risk by providing data for the first quarter. We simply dont have any information for what the picture is going to look like. It is way too early to know yet. There are just so many factors that could play. The one thing we do know is our capacity is up over 9% in the first quarter and at least over the last several weeks we have been starting to track the same type of booking volumes in the first quarter under capacity adjusted basis as we did last year. So that is a positive. How long that lasts or if that is sustainable and what other hits are we going to take in the economy who knows yet. We really dont have a really good yield forecast and even then Im not sure how good they are until the end of the year. 
Micky Arison :  Clearly the big issue is not going to be capacity. The big issue is going to be the economy and consumer confidence and what is going to happen. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: That 9% you just said, you said that was capacity adjusted or not capacity adjusted? 
Micky Arison :  Capacity adjusted. 
Howard Frank :  When we are tracking booking volumes this year versus last year that is on a capacity adjusted basis. So it is really a percentage of capacity. It includes the 9.3% which is positive. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Robin Farley  UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS: You were talking about the swine flu and a lot of different view points out there about how big of an impact that may have on yields. I think your commentary is a little more up beat than what some people might have expected. As you look out to Q1 of 2010 at that point are you still seeing the Mexican itinerary bookings behaving a little worse than the other itineraries?
Micky Arison :  Let me try this one more time. The only time we saw an impact was during the travel advisory. If you understand the volumes we are talking about over a 3-4 week period we basically stopped. Now what percentage of that was based on the flu and the fact the consumer didnt know where we were going to cruise to was very hard to know. It was very disruptive. As soon as we announced we were going back volumes not only went back to normal but exceeded normal. So volumes were fine. However, our yield management people obviously had to react to the hole that was created and so the pricing was lower. But clearly that pricing will be moved up as that hole gets filled. The volumes were there the moment we were able to confirm what the itineraries were. 
Robin Farley - UBS: In terms of Q1 just overall company wide bookings would you say even though it is still early that the level of decline in Q1 is going to be at least better than Q3 declines this year? Is it early enough to at least say that and put kind of a worst case cap on it? Assuming no big changes from what is going on today in the travel environment. 
Howard Frank :  To be honest with you I dont know the answer to that question. We havent even tried to formulate what yields are going to look like in the first quarter. Intuitively I think our sense is that it wont be as bad but I really dont have an exact answer for you right now.
Micky Arison :  What is very encouraging is that since the end of March everything is trending upwards despite the travel advisory. Right through the travel advisory everything is trending upwards. Both volumes and yields. We are encouraged by that. Whether that will be sustainable time will tell. 
Howard Frank :  We are still running behind in the fourth quarter and first quarter in terms of occupancy and we have been catching up as I indicated by a considerable amount given the recent surge in booking volume. When you get to the point where you have caught up you can start to tweak pricing in various itineraries where there is more demand. We are starting to be able to do that selectively with different brands doing it in different itineraries and we are starting to see that happen. There is certainly a positive indicator. My guess is as we get into 2010 comparisons for the first quarter will be the toughest. The second quarter is not as tough. The third quarter will probably have already fully cycled this downturn in pricing and it will start to normalize and look better in the third and fourth quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: In terms of a way to think of on-board spend do you expect in Q3 that the European brands will have a significant mix shift to local sourcing meaning a larger percentage of European passengers versus a year ago? 
Howard Frank :  I had difficulty hearing you. Could you say it once more? 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Whether this year in Q3 the percentage of European passengers for European brands will be significantly larger than it has been in 2008?
Micky Arison :  I believe it is about the same. Mr. Foschi says it is about the same. Mr. Foschi is sitting next to us and no body knows it better than Mr. Foschi. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Thank you Mr. Foschi. My second question, after significant price declines in May for the short Caribbean including voyages that werent supposed to go into Mexico, it seems there is a pick up in pricing for Q3 since the beginning of June. Can that impact the quarter relative to todays guidance or is there too little inventory left to really move the needle? 
Howard Frank:  I would have to answer that it is in our guidance. Our guidance is based on the bookings we see and the pricing we are charging and what we believe. Hopefully it is in our guidance. We do our best to do that. There isnt a lot of inventory left but clearly there is more in Mexico only because of that hole that I just described that needs to be dug out of. Yes, because volumes are high they will tweak prices. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: So you have been seeing the first couple of weeks in June have stayed consistent and something you can include in your guidance? 
Micky Arison :  If it is there we have it included in our guidance. 
Howard Frank :  Booking volumes have been holding up, yes.  
Operator:  The next question comes from Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: First on the fuel question, with fuel now trending close to where you said you could put the fuel supplements back in place any thoughts of putting those back in? Any change in terms of hedging strategy?
Micky Arison :  There is no change in hedging strategies. We did put out a statement on fuel. Beth do you have that statement? 
David Bernstein :  We have got it here. We had put out a statement that said at the time we suspended the fuel supplement for our six North American brands we reserved the right to reinstate them if the price of light sweet crude oil according to NYMEX should increase above $70 a barrel. Then we went on to say that while we have now exceeded that threshold and in light of the economic crisis and resulting consumer weakness we presently have no plans to institute a fuel supplement and we will continue to monitor the situation in the markets and review our position as the situation warrants. 
Micky Arison :  I would prefer just to leave it at that statement. 
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: It looks like in terms of the on-board yield they are trending closer to the actual ticket yields at this point. Have you seen on-board spending not really stabilize yet? Is that still getting worse?
David Bernstein :  I think overall the on-board spend has overall not been as add as the ticket prices. It has bounced around quarter-to-quarter a bit but it has been somewhat stable most through the months of 2009 to date. Im not sure which numbers you are looking at but it is overall for the year within our guidance and the actual we have seen some improvement. 
Howard Frank :  On-board spending in the European brands in local currency has held up reasonably well year-over-year. I think that is a positive. 
Micky Arison :  Also remember in this quarters numbers there is some disruption from the travel advisory which created some problems with shore excursions to ports we traditionally go to. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tim Conder  Wells Fargo. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : Just a clarification on the residual effects of the flu. You expected $0.05 in the second quarter. You only took $0.03 but in your commentary on the full-year EPS it sounds like you are still expecting that full $0.10 that you outlined in the original press release. Can you kind of reconcile what appears to be the difference?
Micky Arison :  You may have misunderstood the press release. The press release said there was a nickel for the cruises we changed. They sell primarily in the second but also in the third quarter so the nickel fell over two quarters. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : So you are still anticipating in that nickel to $0.10 total impact for the year for the whole mess?
Micky Arison :  The other piece of it is exactly what I described before. It is leading ourselves out of the hole that was created by the disruption. David do you have anything to add to that? 
David Bernstein :  That is exactly it. The $0.10 was essentially $0.03 in the second and we are anticipating the other $0.07 to be in the third. Two of the existing cruises and vie for the rest of the impact. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : In your opening commentary you talked about the good history you have in getting ongoing fuel efficiency. How do you see that playing as you look in 2010? What type of pace do you think is sustainable from that perspective?
David Bernstein :  It is very difficult to estimate the exact pace but what I can say is we are working on an awful lot of initiatives. The brands have really come together. We have an internal intranet site where we share ideas, test things, prove things out and implement them which is really improving our overall fuel consumption. The other that is also key is 2010 to a great extent is really the first year where the itineraries will have been planned in a high fuel environment. It wasnt that long ago when we planned 2009 itineraries they werent planned in the extremely high fuel environment we saw in 2008 because we locked those in advance. We should get some benefit from that as well. 
Micky Arison :  I think the key point is when we hit $147 fuel we took the attitude that we were going to do whatever we can to save obviously. When fuel went down to $35 we encouraged our brands to think of fuel as though it were $147 fuel and not to behave like it is $35 and to maintain the momentum we had gotten on saving fuel. You can see in the second quarter they have taken that to heart and continue to work very hard at it.
Howard Frank :  A good deal of work has been done. New equipment has been installed. New technology. Power saving technology and so on. As ships go through their dry-dock period with technology we are doing a lot of retrofitting with new equipment to improve and reduce the usage of power. Silicon painting of the hulls and so forth. By the fall we will have a better sense from our operating guys what they think they can do for next year and we will go through the budgeting period but we are continuing to focus on saving on fuel.
Micky Arison :  We are continuing to make the investments necessary to save. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein. 
Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein : You have another Costa ship now in China. Could you give us an early read on the Asian market receptivity to that? 
Micky Arison :  Im going to give you to Mr. Foschi who is responsible for Costa Asias operations. Good question. 
Pier Luigi Foschi :  We just put in a second ship in Asia in April. The ship will operate now cruises for the Chinese market together with the other ship that was there. We see this summer season although we are more than double the capacity. In terms of occupancy it is as good as it was last year so the ship will operate full capacity where they are serving the Chinese market. This is encouraging. We are encouraged. Looking ahead it is very difficult to say because again there is a little bit of concern about the flu also there and more importantly in the winter season the demand for the local market will slow down so we have excess supply for worldwide customers mainly from Europe and Australia to fill out the ship. So far, we are very encouraged by the demand for the second ship. 
Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein : Can you tell us a little bit about your itineraries for the Chinese ship? Where they are going and how long they are on average? 
Pier Luigi Foschi :  On average is about five days, from 4-6 day itineraries. They sail out of Shanghai and Tianjin to serve the Beijing market. Shanghai also to serve the large Shanghai area. They typically go to Japan and South Korea. They are typically a 4-6 day cruise out of Shanghai and Tianjin to South Korea and Japan. Japan normally has two ports, with one port in South Korea. 
Janet Brashear  Sanford Bernstein : In the hotel industry the rev par decline has been more significant in Europe than in the U.S. and they seem to be lagging behind meaning they are trending down further and abating slower. If you are not seeing those same trends with your bookings patterns in Europe why do you suppose not? 
Pier Luigi Foschi :  We believe if you compare the demand for cruises in Europe versus North America you can see the same pattern as 10 years ago. Cruises interest development in Europe and so it is a very attractive proposition and is actually particularly this year and last year although of course this economic crisis is affecting everybody but cruising is in the front page of every single paper in Europe as attractive proposition for holidays than it has ever been before. That is the reason why. It is a demanded product within the holiday market, higher than it has ever been. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Mark Giambrone  Barrow Hanley. 
Mark Giambrone  Barrow Hanley: I just wanted to ask when you eliminated what you spend on your dividend you had mentioned liquidity clearly as one of the important factors in that. It sounds as those liquidity is improving substantially. I am curious where you are currently on thinking about reinstating the dividend and what other factors may play into that? 
Micky Arison :  I think we said at the time it is an issue that is a Board issue that we will take up quarterly with our board. I dont want to preempt the board in any way. I would say that clearly we would like to see a turn in earnings and cash flow before we would recommend to the board a change in policy. Again, I dont want to preempt the board. I would rather leave it to say the board will look at it every quarter and we will gauge it based on the circumstances at that time. 
Howard Frank :  I also think that the rating agencies view of the dividend will play a role in doing our analysis because we like our strong investment grade credit rating and want to maintain it. It has really helped us considerably during this very difficult period. We will have to work with the credit rating agencies as well to make sure that whatever we decide to do, if and when we do reintroduce the dividend they are going to be comfortable with it and not take us down. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: Are all your ships okay for the next go around or do you have to invest some money? 
Micky Arison :  No. They are all fine. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: Can you update us on your lawsuit about the acid problems on the QE2?
Howard Frank :  No. We are in the middle of it. I dont think it is appropriate to comment on it. 
Micky Arison :  We are in the middle of discovery right now. So it is not really appropriate to comment. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: The close down of Ocean Village, what happened to that segment of the market that you were so optimistic about a few years ago? Is this something you are going to service through P&O or is it just going to go away? 
Micky Arison :  Well I think to some degree I wish I had David here now. To some degree the larger ships that P&O are bringing in, Ventura and Azura, will service our younger clientele. Some of that clientele can be picked up by the larger, more contemporary new P&O ships. The rest will probably go to Thompson which is operating basically similar itineraries and other international operators. Clearly while we were able to fill those ships we werent able to fill them at reasonable returns and so we didnt feel we could grow the brand and if you cant grow the brand there is no point in endlessly maintaining it. We felt that Australia was doing extremely well. We had a great, enthusiastic management team in Australia and we feel like that is an area we can grow and grow more aggressively and that is why we made the decision. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: Also, you mentioned briefly you are in Italy to take possession of the new Odyssey. Can you talk to us about Seabourn? Obviously this is a huge step with two more vessels to follow. Are you going to keep the three that you already have? What does this spell out for the luxury market as you perceive it? 
Micky Arison :  At the time we signed the contract the luxury market was booming as you know. Since September the luxury market isnt quite as strong to say the least. So the timing may not have been the best but the reality is the asset is a 30-year asset and if you believe long-term the demographics work well for the luxury market down the road these will be very good investments. The ship is absolutely magnificent, very much fitting within the Seabourn brand and the Seabourn style and I think she will be very, very well received by the marketplace and do very, very well. Time will tell whether this segment can absorb this and other competitive capacity that is coming in. It may take some time especially with the present economic situation. Long-term we are very, very comfortable. We think these are great ships and so we will bring us very good returns. 
Howard Frank :  I should add I think the size of these ships which are 2.5 times the size of the existing ship give you tremendous cost metrics that we didnt have on the small ships. It really should enhance the profitability of Seabourn even during these tough periods. We are happy we are doing this and we will see how it goes over time. The ship is absolutely stunning. We are very excited about it. I think the reaction to our Seabourn customers will be very positive. She is very well booked despite the slow economy. 
David Leibowitz  Horizon Asset Management: Lastly, Ibero now that you own 100% can you share with us some of the changes you hope to make there and whether you might be adding capacity, etc.? 
Micky Arison :  Let me just say this. I just want to correct you. We have an agreement to acquire the other 25% but we do have to go through Spanish antitrust regulations which we are doing right now. We havent closed on that transaction. I will let Pier react to what we are doing structurally to change that operation. 
Pier Luigi Foschi :  Currently we have now presented the buy to the antitrust authority in Spain where we are waiting for the comments and decision. Ibero was part of the development that we had as a consequence of the Costa position in Spain. The Costa position in Spain was and still is regarded as a premium brand with high yields. We thought that to exploit that to the market we would have needed ever to lower the price of Costa but we came to do so or to start a new brand. So the opportunity was in the market to acquire an existing two ships company. We [repaired] ships last year. Unfortunately Spain is the most hit country in this economic downturn. They have high unemployment rate in Spain. It went up very quickly; faster than anybody anticipated. So we are now working in different market conditions while building a new company and a new brand. Capacity is up this year versus last year because we introduced the former Carnival Celebration ship in June last year but in spite of that our occupancy rates are the same versus last year.  So in a difficult economic circumstance the brand is now positioned well in the market. In terms of what we have introduced since last November we have taken full control basically of the company, managing it in a different way as opposed to how it was managed in the past. We have sent a very senior, talented person from Italy to restructure the company which is now completed. There were a number of cost actions taken. For instance, now the office of Costa and the office of Iberocruceros are in the same place. We merged the call center of Iberocruceros with the call center of Costa in Barcelona. So there are a number of synergies that have already been introduced in order to reduce costs and waiting for better opportunities in the market place if given the economy we expect before or later to develop again.   
Howard Frank :  As you know the Holiday will be transferred to Iberocruceros and she will then be refitted and put into the fleet at some future date. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley. 
Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley: How much of the fourth quarter and the first quarter have you sold now? 
David Bernstein :  I dont think we provide that information. I know you always ask those kinds of questions but I dont think we actually give the precise numbers. We are well advanced in the fourth quarter and we have got quite a bit of inventory sold for the first quarter but still considerable amounts to go for the first quarter. That is about all Im going to say. 
Micky Arison :  It is very early for the first quarter. 
Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley: Just thinking about the strong comps that you mentioned in Q1 next year, how much of Q1 2009 was therefore sold before the September economic meltdown you referred to? How much of that was subsequently re-fared? Im just trying to get a feeling for how much of your bookings were done at that sort of artificially high pricing? 
Micky Arison :  Remember you are dealing with two different booking curves now. The problem was that until September we were dealing with a much longer booking curve. So we were pretty well along for the first quarter by September of last year. If we are in the same position this year in September we will be in very good shape. I would not expect that would be the case because of the movement in the bookings. The reality is by September of last year we were very well booked for the first quarter. 
Howard Frank :  We still have this close booking pattern that although we have been driving a lot of volume it has tended to fill in closer in occupancies. If we can get the last years level in terms of level of occupancy versus a year ago that is when you start to see pricing going up a little bit. We have the ability to move pricing and also the curve will start to move out a little bit. 
Micky Arison :  Based on what Howard said earlier we have been booking since March at a rate of around 26% for the rest of the year. We have been booking at about the same pace capacity adjusted for the first quarter which is 9%. That immediately shows you the booking window that you have got this huge increase of bookings within the year and basically it is encouraging at this point that it is capacity adjusted equal at this point for the first quarter at 9%. 
Jamie Rollo  Morgan Stanley: On that point you have clearly found the pricing level to stimulate volumes pretty significantly. Would you go so far as to say you think cruise prices might have bottomed right now? 
Micky Arison :  I think we said earlier on the call we have started tweaking prices on a variety of brands and a variety of positions. Pricing is being taken up. Yes. As I also said earlier in the call, since March we have seen both volumes increasing and yields starting to turn and start to improve. That is the direct result of tweaking prices up. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Scott Barry  Credit Suisse. 
Scott Barry  Credit Suisse: Maybe you can comment, other than the magnitude of the yield degradation are the revenue management folks at the brand level seeing any major differences with respect to this cycle versus prior cycles returning? 
Howard Frank :  I think it is fair to say that they probably never experienced a cycle like this before. We have never experienced this slackening of demand in the market place that caused the degradation of the yields in our history. To be down 12-16% we have never had that before. The worst I can recall is in the 3% range or something like that. I think when that happened I think the reaction by the revenue management people typically is to get the business first. Even if they leave something on the table they want to be able to fill up the ships. That has been the model. If you leave something on the table you get it the following year so they want to fill up the ships. I think there is a tendency to try to play the price as hard as they can until they are comfortable they can fill the ship up. I think once you have full cycled this thing, as we get into lets say a year from now, I think we should start to come out of it even if the economy doesnt strengthen a whole lot from where it is, if it is a stable economy. We may start to see some growth and that would be positive but even if it is a stable economy we should run full cycle on the pricing I would hope by the end of the second quarter of 2010 for pricing. That is my guess right now. It is really still early to say. 
Scott Barry  Credit Suisse: Following up on that, I know it is maybe a bit hypothetical but if you assumed the same trajectory of volume growth that you have seen off the March lows when would you expect that book load factor would be positive year-over-year for 2010? 
Micky Arison :  It wouldnt take long. 
Howard Frank :  It wouldnt take long. Remember, a lot of the volume we are seeing is close-in volume. We are basically pacing. We are behind in the first quarter of 2010 just to be clear. We are behind and the last three to four weeks we have been able to sustain booking volumes for the first quarter that are pacing now at year-ago levels for the first quarter. We are not gaining on it. We are still behind. We are not gaining on it. This is with the 9+% capacity increase we have in the first quarter so it is a positive. What we are seeing is a positive trend but it is still not enough to get us to the same levels of occupancy. We will have to further increase and then as we get out of the third quarter towards the fourth quarter we will start to pick up the volumes again for the first quarter. 
Micky Arison :  Understand that 26% is not sustainable because at some point we run out of space. The net result is we sail full. At the point that they are comfortable they are filling the ship they start increasing prices up which is what we are doing. 
Howard Frank :  And the volumes will come down. 
Micky Arison :  But that is already in what we have basically forecasted. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Rosie Edwards  MF Global. 
Rosie Edwards  MF Global: Two questions on pricing again. Can you give us an idea of different pricing achieved in your European and North American brands? I know Q1 the range was down 10-40% and also if you are starting to push the prices up I was just wondering why this has not led to an improvement in your guidance for the full year being that revenue yield? 
Howard Frank :  Actually to answer the second part of your question I think we have increased guidance on yield for the second half. We have two factors that have played into it or are playing here. One is we took a hit on the swine flu which amounted to some $0.10 per share or $80 million. On the other side we have been able to recapture that when I said we will be up $0.14 as a result of increases in yields from our previous guidance. That is something like $110 million. So we actually have tweaked up pricing.
Micky Arison :  It is still within the range. 
Howard Frank :  The numbers we are talking about it is hard to move the percentages, as Micky said it is still within the range. We have seen some of that. Im not quite sure I understood the first part of your question. 
Rosie Edwards  MF Global: In Q1, for example, you are saying your North American brands itinerary to Alaska and Europe were down 30-40% whereas your Caribbean trips were down somewhere near 10% and Europe and prices were down 10%. 
Micky Arison :  Anecdotally Europe bounced back pretty good and Alaska did not. We talked on the last call there is no question the referendum had a significant impact on what is going on in Alaska although the referendum supporters say it hasnt. The reality is now every brand, both ours and our competitors, are withdrawing capacity for 2010. So capacity will be down significantly in 2010 while capacity in the Caribbean and Europe will be up in 2010 across the board. The only explanation for me is the referendum. While we have tried everything we can to get leadership in Alaska to address the issue to the best interest of our industry and tourism in general to Alaska we have been unsuccessful and in the end we may have to litigate. We believe this referendum was illegal and there was a recent Exxon case that kind of reinforced that it was illegal. So the Supreme Court found in favor of Exxon on a similar situation. We didnt want to litigate. We wanted to hopefully find some leadership that agreed with us and do what is in the best interest of the industry and tourism to Alaska and employment in Alaska but we have not been successful in doing that yet.  Europe bounced back pretty well. I would say though that the North American brands are carrying more non-North Americans in Europe than before. One of our competitors I think openly said that 75% of their capacity in their North American brand was non-American. That is the case. While there hasnt been a change in nationality for our European brands there has been some for our North American brands. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Robin Farley  UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS: I just wanted to clarify you made comments earlier about commodity prices regarding new ship orders. Prices are getting down to where they were when you last ordered ships. Over the last couple of years or going back a couple of years your new ship orders were primarily for European brands. Currency wasnt such a factor. Are your comments maybe sort of warming up to the idea of new ship orders? Would that apply to North American brands as well? 
Micky Arison :  I should have been more specific because when I made that comment I should have said it was on a Euro to Euro basis pricing similar to when we ordered. Not necessarily dollar to dollar basis. Obviously the yards quote on Euros and when I look at new building prices we look at Euros. Pricing right now at the yards are quoting quite similar to the Euro pricing that we ordered for both European and North American brands. Whether we would or would not would depend on returns and whether we could reach agreement with the yard at dollar prices that make sense for the U.S. brands, U.K. brands or European brands. I wouldnt take anything off the table at this stage. We continue to talk. As I said, I think capacity growth will be slower in the 2012, 2013 and 2014 area but it wont be zero. And it wont be zero for the North American brands. 
Robin Farley - UBS: It will not be zero for North American? 
Micky Arison :  No. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tim Conder  Wells Fargo. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : If you look at the booking curve when you went into Europe you said the Europeans generally booked in much closer than the North Americans and your goal was to push that out and you were having some success in doing that. Since last September can you kind of compare and contrast the shrinkage in the booking window for EU passengers versus North American passengers? 
Howard Frank :  Generally speaking our European occupancy run a little bit slightly stronger than our U.S. occupancy. 
Micky Arison :  It is very brand specific. For example, our U.K. brands tend to book longer out than our Italian brands or the German brand tends to book a little further out than the Italian brand. It is very, very brand specific. Overall, when you look at it I would say if you took the U.K. out it is quite similar to North America. The U.K. kind of moves it a little bit further out. 
Howard Frank :  There is not a significant difference between both today. 
Micky Arison :  Once we got into similar kinds of yield management, similar kinds of mentality about filling ships for all these brands the booking curve started to be very, very, very similar. 
Tim Conder  Wells Fargo : So would you say that post September you have seen based on the occupancy and the pricing commentary it is fair to say that booking curve is not condensed as much on your European sourced passengers versus the North American? 
Micky Arison :  Maybe not as much but it has condensed so that it is still not significant. 
Operator:  Gentlemen this was our last question. I would like to thank you gentlemen for having taken all those questions. I will turn it back to the main moderator, Mr. Frank for your concluding words. 
Howard Frank :  Thank you everyone for some very good questions this morning. We look forward to seeing you at various events in the future. Follow up questions, Beth is available in Miami to talk to you if there are any specific details you need. Have a good day everyone. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-12-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Micky Arison - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Howard Frank - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer David Bernstein - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol Robin Farley - UBS Tim Conder - Wachovia Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus John Graff - Boston Company Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research David Leibowitz - Horizon Nick Kayano - Olson & Co. Dominique Neil - Canyon Capital Sharon Zackfia - William Blair
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Carnival Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman, and COO. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank: Thank you, Alex. Good morning everyone. This is Howard Frank and with me this morning is Micky Arison, Chairman, and CEO of Carnival along with David Bernstein, who is our Chief Financial Officer and Senior VP of Finance and Beth Roberts, who is our VP of Investor Relations. I will turn the call over to David who will take you through some of the color for the 2008 year in the fourth quarter and then David will turn it back to me and Ill give you some views on our current outlook for the business going into 2009. David.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. I will begin the conference call by reading the forward-looking statements. During this conference call we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties or other factors, which may cause the actual results, performances, or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnivals earnings press release and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  For the fourth quarter, our earnings per share was $0.47, which came in above the midpoint of our September guidance by $0.10 per share. This was driven by lower fuel prices worth $0.06, stronger than expected revenue yields on close-in bookings worth $0.02 and various other items worth $0.02. The gain on the sale of the QE2 was in our previous guidance; however the stronger dollar versus the sterling increased the gain. Looking at our fourth quarter operating results versus the prior year, our capacity increased 8.1% for the fourth quarter with the majority of the increase going to our European brands. Our European brands grew over 16%, while our North American brands grew 4.6%. Overall, net revenue yields in local currency increased 2% in the fourth quarter versus the prior year. Now, lets look at the two components of net revenue yields. For net cruise ticket yields, we saw an increase of 3.2% in local currency. Our North American brands were up 4.4% driven by the Caribbean, Mexico and other exotic itineraries. Our European brands, experienced 1.3% lower local currency ticket yields.  Given the 21% capacity increase for our European brands this year and the increasing competition from other companies in the European marketplace, we were expecting to see overall flattish yield, which is exactly where we wound up, excluding Ibero. As to Ibero, they did experience soft pricing in the fourth quarter, as they did in the third quarter, which resulted from the difficult economic environment in Spain. P&O Cruises Australia with its reconfigured fleet, adding Pacific Dawn in November of 07 and delivering the Pacific Star to Pullman Tours in March of 08, achieved a healthy yield increase for the fourth quarter versus the prior year, which supports our decision to grow the brands by redeploying the Ocean Village ships over the next two years. For net onboard and other yields, we reported a yield decline of 1.8% in local currency; however, mix accounts for 0.8% to the decline, as our European brands, which have always had lower onboard spending are growing faster than our North American brands. We saw yield declines in about half of our brands around the world, a trend which we anticipated in our previous guidance. On the cost side, our cruise costs per available lower berth day for the fourth quarter in local currency were essentially flat. Fuel prices this quarter were higher by 24%, costing us an additional $84 million or $0.10 per share. Our continued focus on managing controllable costs, allowed us to offset the $84 million of higher fuel costs, which is a tribute to the strength and talent of our brand management team. Excluding fuel and the gain on the sale of the QE2, which was included in other ship operating expenses, cruise costs per available lower berth day were down 1.2%. However, the best measure of cruise cost changes are on an annual basis and Ill touch on that in a moment. Looking back at the full year 2008, our EPS was $2.90, which I recognize was not in the range of the original guidance that we gave one year ago, $3.10 to $3.30 per share. The midpoint of that range, which was $3.20 per share, was based on $486 per metric ton of fuel. If you adjust the actual price of fuel, the midpoint would be $2.92. Therefore, we missed our guidance by a mere $0.02 per share. For 2008, our capacity increased 8.9%. Net revenue yield in constant dollars was up 2.4%. This was slightly below the range of our guidance a year ago. During 2008, we saw pressure on an onboard revenue yield as a result to the ongoing recession and its impact on our guest. As I indicated before, the best measure of cruise cost changes are on an annual basis. For the full year, our cruise cost per available lower berth day in constant dollars was up 7.5%. However, excluding fuel, the gain on the sale of the QE2 in the fourth quarter and the gain in the third quarter from the final insurance settlement related to the damage done to our port facility in Cozumel; cruise costs per available lower berth day were essentially flat. So, our controllable expenses, excluding fuel and currency were essentially flat despite inflationary pressures, which is a great accomplishment.  We were able to offset inflation during the year through economies of scale and increased efficiencies; however, as Ive indicated on previous calls, our long-term track record up flat cruise costs per available berth day dating back to 1990 is getting harder to maintain in the face of moderate capacity growth. As a result, our goal for future cruise costs per available lower berth day is in the range of flat to one-half the rate of inflation.  In summary for 2008, we posted solid earnings in an extremely difficult year. The 55% increase in fuel prices, was largely offset by a combination of our capacity growth, our yield improvement and our excellent cost controls. Turning to our 2009 outlook, I will skip net revenue yields and Howard will discuss that in a few movements. For cruise costs per available lower berth day for the full-year, excluding fuel and in local currency, our costs are projected to be up 2%. However, half a percentage point is due to the gain recognized in the prior year on the sale of the QE2, which reduced prior year cost.  In addition, another half a percentage point, is due to the gain from the final insurance settlement related to the damage done to our port facility in Cozumel, which also reduced prior year cruise cost. So, without these two one-time items the real underlying increase in cruise costs would be approximately 1%.  While, this guidance for controllable expense unit costs, excluding fuel and currency is within a long term target of unit costs growth between flat to one half of the rate of inflation, we continue to look for opportunities to reduce this increase. Ive had numerous discussions with our brand management teams. Were all working very hard to find ways to improve upon the guidance in this very difficult economic environment. Im hopeful that we will have another year of flat costs. Based on the spot price of fuel using Mondays closing price, fuel prices for the full year are projected to be $295 per metric ton for 2009 versus $558 per metric ton in 2008, saving at $861 million. In addition, FX rate have moved from an average in 2008 of a euro 1.49 to a GBP of 1.90 to our 2009 guidance of euro 1.38 and sterling 1.58. So in the end, fuel and currency are driving down our cost. So, in current dollars and including fuel, our costs are actually expected to be down 13% to 15%. While these movements reduce our costs, given the diversity of our worldwide revenues, 50% of which comes from passengers sourced outside the United States, these movements are expected to negatively impact our bottom line. So, given these FX rates, our year-over-year profit hit from currency is expected to be $195 million or $0.24 per share. As fuel and currency are big factors affecting our 2009 results, I wanted to share with you some current rules of thumb about the impact that these exchange rates and fuel prices have on our 2009 results.  To start with, a 10% change in the price of fuel represents a $97 million or $0.12 per share impact on our P&L. 10% change in fuel has obviously comedown along with the price of fuel. While a 10% change in all currencies relative to the US dollar would impact our P&L by about $114 million or $0.17 per share. Fortunately for us, these items have moved in opposite direction acting somewhat as natural hedges of each other. At this point, I will turn the conference call over to Howard.
Howard Frank: Thank you David, Let me make some comments on the outlook for 2009. Since we reported to you some six weeks ago, the slowdown in the cruise booking has continued. While bookings for close-in business have been satisfactory, bookings for late spring and summer continue at a slow pace. We had taken pricing lower and while that has helped to fill the ship on close-in business, it is yet to have much of an impact on late spring and summer booking patterns. In this weakened North American economy, bookings for our shorter value oriented Caribbean cruises have been stronger than our longer and more expensive European, Alaska and long and exotic cruises. The good news is that consumers are still taking their vacations, but the vacation decision is for next month rather than next year. Looking at our booking patterns it is also clear that consumers are looking for more value for their vacation dollar and our shorter, less expense Caribbean cruise products are performing much better than our premium and luxury longer cruise products. So, we are seeing a consumer trade down to value which plays nicely into our Carnival Cruise Lines brands and that should help us to perform reasonably well during this economic downturn. While we are hopeful that consumer physiology will change when the new President and his administration take office in January and as a new fiscal stimulus plan is implemented, there is no real way of knowing if and when that will kick in. There is however another silver lining in the booking picture and that is, our European brand bookings are holding up considerably better than our U.S. brands. This will be a positive factor in 2009s performance since much of our brands new capacity additions in 2009 will be for our European Cruise companies. While many Western European markets are also experiencing a recessionary economy, we believe a European consumer has net savers and with considerably lower credit card and other personal debt are better able to cope with the weakening economies in there countries. Also as you know Europeans have far more vacation time and the European cruise market is far less penetrated than in the U.S. So, our strategy of investing in our European cruise brands should be a positive factor in our overall financial performance for the upcoming year. Our European brand capacity in 2009 will increase by 8%, as compared to North American brand capacity which will increase by 4%. As we indicated in the press release, we have reduced local currency net yield guidance range for 2009, from the guidance we provided in late October, to a range of negative 6% to negative 10%. Three points of this reduction is due to the elimination of the fuel supplement revenue for 2009 which we announced earlier this month, and we also took our ticket pricing and onboard revenues lower for the year in view of the further deterioration in the economic environment.  However, given the closer in booking patterns, revenue yield guidance is more of a challenge for 2009 and consequently we are using a broader range of guidance than in past years. Fuel prices have comedown further, but not enough to offset the revenue loss from eliminating the fuel supplement and the other revenue reductions and as David indicated, we are still estimating on approximate 2% increase in costs for the year, excluding fuel. Taking all these factors into consideration, we have lowered 2009 earnings guidance to a range of $2.25 to $2.75 per share. Turning to our specific ship deliveries in 2009; this spring we take delivery of three ships for our European brands. The AIDA Luna for our AIDA brand in Germany; the Costa Luminosa and Costa Pacifica for our Costa brand, the largest company cruise company in Europe and in June the Seabourn Odyssey, the spectacular new class of ship for Seabourn and the first ship to join the Seabourn fleet in over 15 years. In September, the Carnival Dream, the new class of ship for Carnival cruise lines will be delivered. On a fleet-wide basis, this capacity increase will be about 5.5% for the full-year.  Given the continuing challenges to raising debt in the capital markets, I think its appropriate to make some comments on a companys balance sheet and its liquidity going forward into 2009. In late October as a result of the extraordinary high cost of raising new debt, the company suspended its dividend, which on an annualize basis will save us approximately $1.3 billion. With this in mind, let me provide you with a brief overview of our cash flows for 2009. Using operating cash flow at the midpoint of our earnings range for 2009 and that is the $2.50 a share; we are currently estimating 2009 cash flow of approximately $3.3 billion. In addition, we have committed financing for ship deliveries today of approximately $800 million or a total of $4.1 billion of incoming funds flow.  Against that we have approximately $3.4 billion of CapEx spending, which covers the five ships I just talked about, plus estimated maintenance CapEx for the year and we have maturing debt of approximately $700 million. So, essentially our cash inflows for the year will be sufficient to fund cash outflow requirements without having to raise any capital in the debt markets.  The debt markets continue to be very difficult, even for solid investment grade credits like Carnival, with credit spread still at historical highs. However, in order to further strengthed our balance sheet, we have recently closed an additional lower cost bank financing and are working on several new financing also at lower costs.  In addition as a further liquidity cushion we have approximately $1.3 billion of cash and availability under our revolving credit facilities going into calendar 2009. Given these uncertain time, we believe our strategy of maintaining a strong balance sheet has positioned us well and we will continue with this strategy going forward. Now, let me give you some color on each of the first three quarters of 2009, a little bit more color on the booking patterns. Looking at the first quarter of 2009, fleet-wide first quarter capacity is up 2.6% on an overall basis; 1.9% in North America, 7% in Europe. On a fleet-wide basis, right now as we look at the booking picture, first quarter occupancies and pricing, all running behind last year. For North American brands in the first quarter, 62% of capacity is in the Caribbean, thats slightly up from 61% a year ago, 12% is in our Mexican Riviera programs, down from 15% last year and the balance are in various other itineraries, including long and exotic cruises.  At this juncture with a small amount of inventory left to sell, Q1 occupancies and pricing are running behind year-over-year. Caribbean and Mexican Riviera pricing is slightly ahead with occupancies slightly behind, not unexpectedly pricing and occupancy for longer and exotic cruises at higher price points are running behind. This is consistent with what we have been saying, that shorter and less expensive Caribbean cruise products are holding up recently well as consumers search for good value in their vacation choices. Turning to our European brands, their ships are 32% in the Caribbean versus 37% from last year; 24% are in Europe up a couple of points from 22% last year; 12% in the Orient Pacific area versus 10% in the prior year, 12% in world cruises, which is about the same as last year and 11% in South America, up slightly from 10% last year. At this point, Europe brands with a 7% increase in first quarter capacity are running slightly behind in occupancy and pricing; however, cost of brand pricing in Q1 is running higher year-over-year, which is a positive sign as Costa will be taking on significant capacity this year. Costa appears to performing relatively well despite the softening of the economies in continental Europe, which is its primary market. By the time the first quarter closes, we expect pricing to be lower for North America and Europe brands and as we indicated in the press release, we are estimating that local currency ticket yields for the first quarter will be 5% to 10% lower than last years first quarter. Approximately 40% of the lower yields in the first quarter reflect the elimination of the fuel supplement. Fuel cost in the first quarter using todays pricing of $295 a ton, will result in fuel being lower by $159 million versus last year. However, operating costs are expected to be higher in the first quarter, but we think there is some opportunity to bring these costs lower as the slowing global economy should help to reduce the costs for certain commodity based products. Taking all of these factors into the consideration, we are currently forecasting earnings per share to be in the range of $0.20 to $0.22 for the first quarter versus $0.30 in the first quarter of 2008. Turning now to the second quarter of 2009, on a fleet-wide basis second quarter capacity is up 6.1%; 4.4% of that is in North America and 8.3% is in Europe. On an overall basis, second quarter ticket pricing occupancies are running behind year-over-year as a result of a slowdown in the booking pattern. For North American brands, second quarter capacity breaks down as follows. Caribbean is 54% versus 51% from last year, Mexican Riviera is 10% versus 13% a year-ago, with all other itineraries, including the Alaska and Europe shoulder seasons, Panama Canal, long and exotics, each under 10%. Caribbean and Mexican Riviera occupancies and pricing are lower year-over-year. Occupancy and prices for Alaska and Europe and long cruises are even more significantly lower. Its clear that North American consumers are holding off and making any decisiouns on cruise vacations until we get into 2009. However, we believe these booking gaps will start to close in the second quarter as we begin the New Year. Europe brands in the second quarter are 59% in Europe trade, approximately the same as last year; 11% in the Caribbean, downs from 16% a year-ago; 11% in transatlantic, about the same as last year, the balance in all other itineraries are all under 10%. On an overall basis European brand occupancies are lower than last year, although better than the North American brands. Overall Europe brand local currency pricing is slightly higher than last year.  Europe itinerary pricing, this is for ships that are in Europe for our European brands is running at about the same levels as last year with lower occupancies at this point. Caribbean pricing is running behind last year, with approximately flat occupancy. Pricing for the various other itineraries are running slightly better than last year at lower occupancies. As you can see from this even with the 8% increase in capacity; our European cruise company seems to be performing better within their North American counterparts. Now turning to the third quarter where our fleet-wide capacity is up 5.6%, 3.8% of the capacity is up in North America and 7.4% is increased in Europe. Booking information for the third quarter is still in the early stages of development, so I caution not to read too much into the information Im about to talk about. On an overall basis, third quarter occupancy and ticket pricing have fallen significantly behind last year. Although, we continue to have positive bookings week after week for the third quarter, the booking levels are lower than last years levels, further evidenced that the North American consumer is differing their vacation decisions. North American brand capacity breaks down as follows: Caribbean is 36%, approximately the same as last year; Alaska was 28%, slightly lower than last year and Europe is at 19%, down from 22% in the prior year, with the balance of North American brand itineraries in the rest of the world. Caribbean itinerary occupancies are down year-over-year with pricing at approximately the same levels. Alaska and Europe occupancies and pricing are significantly lower year-over-year. Turning to Europe, our Europe brands are 96% and Europe itineraries. And at this point in time, Europe brand pricing in the third quarter is running ahead year-over-year with occupancies significantly behind. From an overall standpoint, the third quarter is shaping up to be quite challenging at this time; however, given the closer in booking pattern, we expect the fixture to improve as we get close to the cruise dates and consumers begin to make their vacation decisions. Just anecdotally, let me make the comment about Australia and Asia. Since for the first time in our history we will have four ships in Asia and Australia in the third quarter, with two ships operating for the P&O Australia brand and two ships for Costa Asia. Third quarter occupancies on these ships are nicely ahead year-over-year on somewhat lower pricing. So, we are starting to see some progress in these developing markets.  Later in 2009, we will be moving an Ocean Village ship, weve previously announced this from the U.K. to P&O Australia, and the second Ocean Village ship will be moved to Australia in 2010. So, we are feeling very strongly that Australia market is a very good market and we will be looking to expand our capacity in that market going forward. So, with those comments from David and myself, I will turn it back to you Alex for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol:  Its obviously a very tentative environment and the picture is probably changing almost daily. Can you talk about how you could get more conservative if you needed to in the P&L. It seems like youve been pretty aggressive in our cost controls and Im wondering how much further flexibility you have and then the corollary to that is, how could you go or become more aggressive and really take advantage of your better balance sheet, etc if conditions start to improve?
Howard Frank: Let me comment about the cost picture a little bit Rick. Im not sure its going to answer your question, but we have been working on a number of opportunities, mostly back of the house opportunities in the organization to create more synergies, more shared services in the organization and we have a number of objectives in 2009 to achieve those opportunities, to achieve those objectives throughout the organization and I would say theres a very positive view that we will make some progress in there. I think, Davids comment and my comment about, we think there maybe some more opportunities on the cost side of the business, I think is based on that. It is a very positive view that we can save some money and we will continue to look for these kinds of opportunities going forward, with I think the objective of getting back to a zero cost metric on an ALBD basis going into 2009. I think thats our largest opportunity, but you have to remember, weve got these two other factors in here, fuel and currency which also play a roll in to business and those are things that are very difficult and obviously we cant control those. 
David Bernstein: The volatility of fuel and currencies is unbelievable. I mean if you took this mornings prices versus Mondays prices, wed get pretty close back to the guidance that we had in October. So, its amazing how volatile these markets are. I guess everybody on the call understands that.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: How about going on offense? 
Howard Frank: What would you like us to do Rick?
David Bernstein: Theres a saying a good defense is your best offense. Obviously, from an antitrust point of view theres not a whole lot that we can do, but like post September 11, sometimes opportunities avail themselves that youre not expecting and well be diligent about that as time progresses.
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Have you guys ever seen an environment like this? When I think back to the various wars and 9/11 and this seems to be a very different environment than that and have you got any relevant experience that you can compare this too and take advantage of?
Howard Frank: Well, its different in that September 11 we saw a very quick bounce back, which although weve seen some improved volume post the election, it has been on deteriorating yields. I guess, we had to some degree as similar situation in built-ups to both Iraq wars, where it would just seem like the built-up went on forever and people were put on hold during that built-up, but this is a pretty unique set of circumstances, where people cant get credit and how that affectsthe consumer might want to do something, but his inability to get credit to affect the decision. So, as time goes on, well learn more, but baked into our numbers is an overriding concern by all our management teams about how many people are going to taken out the market because they just cant get credit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley - UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: A couple of questions; one is, I just wanted to make sure I heard your comment correctly when you mentioned opportunities like disaster 9/11. Does that mean youre looking for acquisitions, is that how we should interpret that comment?
Howard Frank: What I said was because of antitrust we cant really do that, but if things continue to deteriorate and opportunities exist similar to what happened. I mean, if you remember post 9/11, there was a number of failed cruise companies and that created a number of opportunities and some people jumped on them. If you look NCL went into Hawaii because American Classic went out of business and the Renaissance fleet was broken up and sent around the world to various cruise companies including ours and Royal Caribbean and Oceania. So, stuff happens and we just have to be aware that stuff may happen again.
David Bernstein: If its challenge for us to get credit at reasonable prices in the marketplace, it will be a challenge for companies with a lower quality credit companies in the industry. So clearly, we never know whats going to happen, but clearly we are in a unique position having really run a conservative balance sheet over these years. 
Howard Frank: Its not that were doing anything in an aggressive manner. All Im saying is that we have to remain diligent to the possible opportunities that might come our way.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great, and then also your comment in release about close-in bookings in Q4 being better than expected. So that must mean some of that was on price not just on volume that
Howard Frank: I think the way to look at that, because when I read it myself it was kind of funny. Thats not to give any indication of strength in bookings in the fourth quarter. Its an indication of how conservative we were at the time and how weak we thought bookings might be in the fourth quarter and its outperformed our expectation, but I dont want to you develop any thoughts that that means that there was strength, thats not the case. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Well, so I was going to ask if there was a trend that you were seeing in the Q1, but it sounds like thats not the case?
Howard Frank: Well, what we are seeing is that volumes in Q1 are strong because the curve has moved in. So, were seeing very strong volumes in Q1 and very weak volumes in Q2 and Q3 and we would expect that to roll overtime.
Robin Farley - UBS: But, if the Q4 comments sounded like it was price rather than volume, thats what had kind of come to my attention, but I understand your clarification.
Howard Frank: Its never volume.
David Bernstein: Its always price.
Robin Farley - UBS: Right thats helpful and then last thing is and I know this is looking out very hard, but it was helpful when you walked thorough your position in 09 in terms of liquidity, committed financing and CapEx. Can you walk us through a tentative version of that for 2010?
David Bernstein: Weve really havent given any guidance for 2010. I guess the only thing I can add at this point in time is that our maturities for 2010 are $1 billion. We do currently have one export credit for 2010, which is $350 million, but we dont have any forecast for 2010 or any guidance to work off. Our CapEx is (inaudible)
Howard Frank: I think that some of the situation will probably look pretty similar by the time we get close to 2010 that we have in 2009.
David Bernstein: And we are continuing by the way to work on a number of export credits. In fact were hoping within the next week or two to close on two German export credits, but those are for 11 and 12 and were also working on some Italian export credits which we should probably have closed in the next 30 to 60 days and all of these export credits again will have interest rates at probably below 5% overall in.
Micky Arison: I think theres also some misunderstanding of how this export credit works. Generally speaking, the export credit is agency of government guaranteeing a percentage of the overall loan. So, that the lending banks have to take into consideration the credit worthiness of the government for one piece of the loan and the credit worthiness of the company for the other piece of the loan and that varies by government by loan. Thats one loan, if you understand what Im saying, because there is been some confusion on that issue.
Howard Frank: In some cases the banks have committed to the export credit as in our case. In other cases they dont commit until later on, even though the export credit facility is out there. They still have to syndicate the loan.
David Bernstein: For intense, the one that I just mentioned, were working on Italian export credits that will close in the next 30 to 60 days; thats where we have the government commitment, but were looking to get the banks to sign on the dotted line in the next 30 to 60 days and then its fully committed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Conder - Wachovia.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Along those same lines David, could you kind a outline for us; I guess if you look at the ships you have delivering in 09, 10 and youre talking little bit about 11 and 12. Of those, what do have, again just recap for us, theres the bank groups that are lined up and then the government commitments that are lined up. I mean we have to look at two columns, whats opened, and whats confirmed. So, I guess thats one question and thats a broad question and the second one Howard, you talked about the booking strength in Europe on a relative basis. Could you give us a little more color by country say the Spain, Ireland and the U.K. where theres been a lot of problems versus some of the other areas on the continent?
David Bernstein: As you know Tim, weve got 17 ships on order; its five ships in 2009, six in 10, four in a 11 and two in 12. At the current moment including all of the bank commitments fully signed and done, we have three export credits, two for 2009, one for 2010.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Okay, so thats the group A and the export credit collectively done.
David Bernstein: Correct. The banks have signed the governments have signed. At this moment, I have government commitment for one more ship in 2009 and Ive got an additional ship in 11 and 12. So, weve got three additional governing commitments; two of the three should be signed within a week, maybe two. Holidays are always a difficult to time to get everybody to sign and then the last one would be signed in the next 30 to 60 days. So, we talking about three done and three in hoper and that doesnt mean well stop there, thats just what were working on right now.
Micky Arison: The way were presently structured, remember that five of the ships are being build in Italy for Italian flags, so there is no export involved. Thats the way its presently structured. Obviously, if we wanted to we can structure it slightly differently, but thats the way its presently structured.
Howard Frank: Tim, on the relative performance of the European brand by market, I think you kind of almost hit the nail on the head yourself. I think that if you look at continental Europe and lets suppose were talking here Italy, Germany and France, that seems to be performing better. And Spain is still a challenge, theres still a problem, but of course we only have a few ships in Spain with Ibero and right now two other ships are in Brazil, so thats not a problem for this winter. It does become a challenge for the springtime, but its only two ships.  If you look at the U.K., while the U.K. is not performing as well as continental Europe and this is all relative now, if were performing better than the U.S., so it sort of between the U.S. and Europe. I cant comment to that, I dont know that; although Im sure if we get passengers from Ireland, I assume its very similar to the U.K. 
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Okay and lastly, Micky if you could, you alluded to earlier in the preamble about how youre going to have more difficulty going forward hearing to your cost controls just because theres going to be less capacity growth. Looking at 2012 and beyond, Micky, and youve talked about this for well over a year, almost two years that its going to slow. Any general range of percentage capacity growth or any color you can give on that on looking 12 and beyond?
Micky Arison: Its difficult to say. As David said, we have what two ships now for 12.
Beth Roberts: Current capacity growth for 2012 for us is about close to 4% already.
Micky Arison:  Its unlikely that there would be any contracts done unless we believe we can get the kind of returns that we expect and based on the current situation, thats doubtful. So, well see, but right now its hard to project much higher than what weve got.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Okay, even if returns would be more palatable, would you say?
Micky Arison: They are clearly brands in our portfolio that could use capacity in 2012. We have for example, Princess has no ships on order and clearly its a brand we feel very strongly about and would like to see growth, but again were not going to do it unless the returns are there. So, we have brands that clearly from a strategic and a long-term point of view, we would like to grow, but were not going to it unless the environment is such that we can get reasonable returns from it.
David Bernstein: We also should point out that we still have time to order ships for 2012. I mean this isnt like something that we have to do tomorrow in order to get the ships in 2012
Micky Arison: And again we look at these as 30-year assets, if we dont get them in 12 and we get them in 13 or we get them in 14, thats fine. We look at these as very long-term investments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Just on the current stuff, can you just talk about trends in cancellations, any price adjustments on already booked cruises, so just to give us a sense on that.  Then Howard, just on this expense structure, you alluded to that you have a program in place to reduce expenses and I cant help but notice that every hotel, every gaming company has made massive cutbacks in overhead and in CapEx and I just wanted to hear if you could give us a dollar amount as to what your expenses are. Would that include travel agent commission cuts and what it can include consolidation of your multiple headquarters?
Micky Arison: First of all, let me answer the last one first. The reality is that we have been a very cost efficient, high margin business from day one. We are working diligently to maintain that culture in the company, but we have done it without massive or drastic cuts that negatively impact the business for the long-term.  A hotel can close a wing and layoff hundreds of workers. We cant close a deck of a ship and the economic environment doesnt allow you to do that anyway. Laying up ships also unless the situation is that youve got two ships in the same itinerary at 50% load factor, which doesnt exist, the economics dont work for laying up a ship. So its just, were not in the hotel business, were in a very, very different environment and in different business. The other part of your question is about travel agent commission, the answer is absolute not. Times like this, more than ever, we need a strong distribution system and we need folks out there selling the cruise concepts, selling our various brand all over the country, hundreds of thousands of them, the more the merrier and the reality is that we will support that distribution as long as Im CEO of this company. What was the first part of your question?
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Headquarters Micky.
Howard Frank: This is Howard. Weve had this discussion before and our view is that when you have unique brands with different cultures and in many cases different markets, it would be a huge risk to try to go to bring everybody into one place and quite honestly, when you look at the risk of doing that versus the potential award, because we have done that, we have run numbers on it, you just cant justify in order we think it make any sense.
Micky Arison: All companies that have that model have lower margins.
Howard Frank: So, really what we have been focusing on is more datacenters and consolidation of datacenters and looking for more shared services, procurement, working together on potential opportunities we have in Alaska. I mean there is just a whole variety of different things that were doing right now and we have current organizations, we have current committees of all the companies working on these things and weve made some progress actually in 2008 and then we hope to see a whole lot more progress in 2009.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: And when you add all that up Howard, how much money is it; are you keeping track of it for your board?
Howard Frank: Yes, well internally we have projections and we provide the information to the board yes. We havent externally published the information, but clearly it is a very nice opportunity. Some of that is actually baked into the numbers, the cost numbers for 2009, some of it is not. So, I hate to give that a number, but its a nice number, but hopefully we get from the 1% to the flat, thats our charge and what would 1% be David?
David Bernstein:  One percent on cruise costs is around $65 million, without fuel itll be about $55 million.
Howard Frank: Yes, so within that range.
David Bernstein: Also you mentioned CapEx. Most of our CapEx of course its fixed relating to the new build, but we do have a portion of the CapEx which is maintenance CapEx. Since the budgets been put together, weve gone around to all of the operating companys, have asked them to take another look at that their CapEx and to reduce it where it was absolutely possible. So, were doing everything we can to reduce costs, reduce CapEx and preserve the cash.
Howard Frank: But again were doing it in a way that would be unperceivable to a customer or to a traveler.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: On CapEx, have you talked to the shipyards about delaying new deliveries? It seems like everything is negotiable in this environment. Weve seen things that we would have never seen, everything from airlines to the hotels.
Micky Arison: I dont know why everybody is focused on the delaying delivery. No, we have not. The reality is that when we want to mitigate growth in a particular market; if you look at the majority of the new builds in this spring, its IETA and Costa, its all in Europe and the reality is theres ways to mitigate capacity increases without delaying new builds.  The realty is that in the European theater, we have significantly mitigated the growth next year; we sold the QE2; we delayed the delivery of the Holiday to IberoCruceros. Were transferring two of the Ocean Villages ships from the U.K. market to the Australian market and cost is moving one ship from Europe to Asia. So theres ways to mitigate growth in a particular market without delaying it.
Howard Frank: I think, if it ever got to that point, we would probably take an older ship out of service rather than delay the new build, you want the new build.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: I dont know if I would want to answer, any cancellations or pricing adjustments on already booked cruises?
Micky Arison: Cancellations have increased. The consumer environment is as everybody knows, difficult.
Howard Frank: No, we have seen more of an increase. I mean it varies depending on the brand, but we have seen some increases in cancellations across all brands.
David Bernstein: Clearly, weve taken that into consideration as we put together the guidance that we gave you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: When you look at to what used to be the important wave season coming up, I mean how subdued do you think that period is going to be and would you think that the bulk of the summer booking, as the booking window continues to shrink, is that going to move closer to an April to May kind of time period?
Micky Arison: I wish we knew. The reality is that baked into our numbers is a concern about the consumer obviously for all of 09 and I think we view the condition, I think baked into our numbers as a deteriorating situation as we go into the year, because obviously the booking pattern for September would have been for the second or third quarter. September to now would have been strong for second and third quarter historically.  So, we dont know, were hopeful therell be a bounce back. We predicted a bounce back after the election. We actually did see that, we did see volumes improved. The five weeks after the election, the volumes improved year-over-year versus the five weeks prior to the election, but unfortunately with deteriorating yield and thats why we adjusted number. So, were hopeful that it would be a reasonable wave period, but I must say were all cautious in our outlook because we all read the same newspapers and see whats going on.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and then a last question in terms of its been pretty helpful in the past terms of onboard spending, in terms of what youre seeing; where youre seeing strength and where youre seeing weakness, just across the board?
David Bernstein: Yes, overall its in the same areas that we have talked about before. Art auctions, bar, casinos generally speaking and as you can imagine we took our on-boards down in the guidance for 2009, along with the ticket prices, which is how we got to the 6% to 10% reduction overall that Howard mentioned.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Graff - Boston Company.
John Graff - Boston Company: Howard, I just had a quick question for you. You indicated you thought the booking gaps would close as time progressed. Im curious, is that just a result of the shorter booking window or there are other factors there that youre counting on?
Howard Frank: No, what Im talking about is the shorter booking windows. I think as Micky mentioned, if you look at first quarter now which is substantially done. I mean weve got more to book, but you could see booking volumes now in the first quarter week-over-week, prior week last year running ahead. So, what happens is that were getting the bookings late. Theyre coming in closer to the cruise, but what also happens is that youre not able to sustain the pricing. So, we see deterioration of pricing as a result of the closer in booking pattern.
John Graff - Boston Company: Okay, great and then one another question is, back in as you mentioned around September 11, there were a fair amount of, I guess I would describe them as weak sisters that went out of business. How much competition is out there that potentially could suffer, maybe be reduced, maybe be eliminated as a result of the difficult environment were experiencing now. Is there much left to go?
Howard Frank: John, I dont think we should comment on that. That wouldnt be appropriate now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Micky, maybe you can help me. Q4 outperformed your October 31 expectations, even though the times obviously were pretty much done with Q4. Is Q1 in 2009 guidance as conservative?
Howard Frank: I hope so.
Micky Arison: Well let David answer that question
David Bernstein:  I think that you have to recognize that of the $0.10 that webeat guidance, $0.06 was purely due to lower fuel prices. So, a lot of the increase was just as a result to the market and the drop in fuel and as Micky talked before, he had said that a couple of pennies was due to higher than expected revenue yields and these things are very difficult to project.
Howard Frank: I think its fair to say that, I think the revenue picture probably wont dramatically change from where we think its going to be in Q1, I dont think. It maybe a little bit, but I think that from a cost side, Micky already mentioned that for purposes of the guidance, we priced out on Mondays fuel prices currently. So thats improved and if it stays at those levels, clearly theres some opportunity in those two areas; from currency standpoint and fuel standpoint to show some improvement in Q1 earnings, if they stay at the levels that we have today. So, there has been just some improvement in the last few days, but fuel and currency are moving very dramatically and its hard to know three months out what its going to look like for the period. 
Micky Arison : When it comes to the yield, the yield is based on what the yield management people at the brand deliver to their management and they deliver to us and obviously, they are human beings and they watch the CNBC and theyre hearing everything else and that conservatism is built into a concern over where the consumer is going to be next year and thats built into the number and was built into the number in October.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Given that we are still a couple of weeks away from wave season and I imagine booking volumes at present are probably at some of their lowest for the year given that people are focused on the holidays rather than on their vacation plans for 09, do you think there could be upside to expectations for Q2 and Q3. Clearly Q1 is probably over on the revenue side or pretty much over, but how about the more critical Q2 and Q3.
Howard Frank: I mentioned that when the president takes office in his new administration and if you assume that they get through a fiscal stimulus plan pretty quickly, which I think they will I think that could be a very positive factor psychologically I think for consumers in American and I think that could benefit to wave season, but its really hard to know right now, because you just cant see at the numbers were booking right now.
David Bernstein: One of the reasons we gave a broader range than normal, which was a $0.50 range is because of the uncertainty that Howard just mentioned.
Howard. Frank: I think its always interesting to me because, all during 08 we had lot of skepticism in the market that we could deliver the revenue in such a weak economic environment and of course nobody now is focusing on the 290 we delivered in 2008; everybody, including yourself focusing on 09 and thats logical, but the reality is we delivered despite the economy.  All I can say is that we outperformed virtually every area of leisure and believe we will do it in 09. Now what does that mean? It mean we will do better than the rest of the industry, but how will the rest of the industry do and time will only we tell, but sometimes you do have to look back to understand and have the confidence in the future and when you look back weve always outperformed in tough economic environments.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Well Micky Im clearly with you on hoping that you outperform the number you gave us today. So I guess well have to wait until wave season and see how bookings continue for 09.
Micky Arison: I can assure you that the number were after is the highest possible number that can be achieved and not whatever were giving you as guidance, that is not our goal, that is just our number to give you guidance.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: What is the highest possible number?
Micky Arison: Tell me what fuel is going to look like, tell me what currency is going to look like and Ill give you a better sense. I mean how many banks are going to be lending any money in the first quarter and people are going to be able to use their credit cards and buy cars and general motors is going to be in business and how many more people will be unemployed. We run cruise companies, were not economists
Operator: Your next question comes from David Leibowitz  Horizon.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Briefly fuel, have you constructed fuel out further because of the current low price or are you playing it as close as you normally do?
Micky Arison: Right now were playing it as close as we normally do, but as we said before we always look at those options and we continue to look at those options, but as off today were taking full advantage of the lower fuel price.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: I apologize Micky for the add-on hear; am I to take that if youre taking full advantage where you normally would contract out to three moths, you might be contracting out to four or five months now?
Micky Arison: I mean full advantage in that and the declines you see today will be in our price this week end.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Okay, second question in terms of the potential tonnage that might be coming onto the market as lesser yield competitors were to go by the wayside; if we leave out your major publicly traded competitor, is there any tonnage out there that you would be willing to buy and if so, which fleets would you give it to?
Micky Arison: I dont think it would be appropriate to answer that question.
Howard Frank: No, thats inappropriate and David I dont think we know the answer to that question.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Well, Im not asking you to identify where the tonnage would come from; all Im saying is where there tobe another renaissance, were there will be whatever, where tonnage was made available where you would be able to purchase,would you infact,,is there any there any tonnage out there you would be willing to buy and if so which fleets would it go to?
Micky Arison: Is there any tonnage wed be willing buy, the answer to that question is, yes. The question of which fleet would it go to would depend slowly on the tonnage, which would inappropriate to respond to.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Okay, and then absent that then, if there was tonnage available, would you start a new brand?
Micky Arison: Probably not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Kayano  Olson & Co.
Nick Kayano  Olson & Co.: I just had a question regarding deposits on the balance sheet. I was reading in some trade rags that some agents are seeing customers ask for refunds at a much more increased rate than has been historically, even in the face of paying penalties and such. I was wondering what your experience is with refunds of deposits and how you think that may play out in 2009 and if it would be anything meaningful?
David Bernstein: The refund of deposit is just another way of saying a cancellation, because whenever somebody takes the bookings they put money down and if theyre canceling they get their money back and Howard had indicated cancellations are up, but we have taken that into consideration in our guidance for 2009. So we understand that trend.
Howard Frank: But indeed that is happening, yes we see that.
Nick Kayano  Olson & Co.: So, I guess when I look at the balance sheet, could that cause a cash flow issue meaning Im not suggesting this is what happens, but if half the people said, We want our money, wed like to cancel. I think there was $2 billion worth of deposit liabilities on the balance sheet, would we in theory then have to give half of that back, and then come up was $1 billon of cash?
David Bernstein: Youre talking a rolling number
Micky Arison: It is a rolling number. Remember most of those people are actually in the next six to eight weeks because, they are the fully paid people that make up the majority of that, but the booking curve moves in, that deposit liability account will decline because you have less people on the books and that has declined..
David Bernstein: We saw a net of the currency movement we did see a decline of 3% in 2008 and obviously in taking a look at that and the cash flow projections that Howard gave for 2009 at the midpoints, we took into account the slower booking curve and perhaps also a decrease in customer deposit there.
Micky Arison: Well Howard went through the liquidity information, clearly that is one key element of the liquidity, which we look at very carefully.
Howard Frank: So when forecasting it out, we assume we are going to see more of that and some lower deposit liabilities as a result.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Sorry for the follow-up guys, but two quick questions. On group bookings, have you seen any divergence in the behavior of groups versus individuals i.e., are groups canceling and then rebooking at lower prices and then secondary, I wanted to follow-up on the note that talked about your P&I recovery; there was a call for 2006 to 2008. I was surprised at that, because usually P&I guys just adjust their rates prospectively. So whats the nature of that retro call if you will?
David Bernstein: On the P&I, the way our P&I insurance works and this has been this way for as long as Ive been in the cruise industry; you pay a certain premium every year and there are what is called supplemental calls that could potentially come after the fact.  Any particular year in P&I stays open for three years before they close the year, because theres a long tail of claims and so sometimes if the clubs have a very high claim experience or as has been occurring right now too is low investment income. They could require some additional supplemental calls and so these calls related back to 2006 and 2008 and we accrued them in the fourth quarter. So, its very typical, nothing unusual. 
Micky Arison: This is been the way forever. Your question about groups is really tough. It appears that the behaviors of the groups are quite similar to the behavior of the regular FIT bookings. Maybe slightly a less year-over-year decline versus FIT, but not significant enough. I mean if you put on a graph, the graphs will look pretty similar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dominique Neil - Canyon Capital
Dominique Neil - Canyon Capital:  I wanted to ask you as you look at your product line and potentially acquisitions, what is the product thats most attractive for you, in terms of the price point; is it the low-end, mid-end, luxury line?
Micky Arison: Were really not looking quite honestly making any acquisitions right now.
Dominique Neil - Canyon Capital: No, I recognize this is completely hypothetical.
Howard Frank: What I think Micky said was that if something, if ships became available as a result of a competitor having difficulty and we might be interested in acquiring a ship if the price was right depending and betting whether it would work for one of our existing products in our fleet.
Dominique Neil - Canyon Capital: Right, so putting aside acquisition, what is the best return on investment category at this point given the environment and the fact that consumers are pretty much along everywhere suffering, but maybe some price point is better than others.
Micky Arison: Right now as Howard said, the contemporary lower cost product is the one thats performing the best for obvious reasons, but that hopefully is just a temporary phenomenon. So well see, but its very difficult to answer that question. Clearly, if youre looking for margins profitability, McDonalds makes more money than a three star Michelin guide restaurant and historically the cruise industries worked in a similar way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia - William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Just maybe a rather naive question; Im kind of new to the story, but Im just curious in terms since your seeing some changes in the consumer behavior and youve mentioned more of an interest in the shorter itineraries than the more value oriented cruises. Is there any opportunity as you look into 2010 to change the length of some cruises or change the itineraries and then separately does the current mindset from the consumer change your marketing message at all?
Micky Arison: Yes, well the marketing message is really brand specific and each brand has very different marketing messages and makes tweaks and adjustments. You will be seeing a new Carnival Cruise Lines campaign break very soon, which slightly tweaks the message, but its still very fun focused as Carnival has always been.  Your first questions a very good one actually. When you look at for example at Europe deployment, the premium brands that operate most of their ships in Europe and Alaska in the summertime; weve gotten a lot of questions about that and despite the fact that we see a lot of challenge in those market for the North American brands, they still are forecasting yields that would be higher even in this difficult environment than moving the ship back to the Caribbean. Summer Caribbean is a mass market product and while our mass market brands does very well there, the reality is that it would take a lot of deterioration in Europe and Alaska to move those ships back to the Caribbean, because there is s significant premium that those markets receive, but that premium will be lower this year than the prior couple of years, but still not low enough to force movement. However, our brands look at this ship-by-ship every year, but the effect of that will be felt in 2010 not before.
Operator: And gentlemen we have no further questions at this time. 
Howard Frank: Well thank you very much everybody. I want to wish you all a happy holiday season and a happy healthy New Year and hopefully a more prosperous New Year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-09-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard Frank - Vice Chairman and COO David Bernstein - SVP and CFO Micky Arison - Chairman and CEO Beth Roberts - VP of IR
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Tim Conder - Wachovia Securities Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research David Leibowitz - Horizon Mark Reed - Landsbanki Scott Barry - Credit Suisse Joe Hovorka - Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the Carnival Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. It is my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank: Good morning, everyone. With me in Miami this morning is David Bernstein, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. Micky Arison is also on the call and is traveling and over on the other side of the Atlantic, right now. And Micky, of course, is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. I am going to turn the call over to David Bernstein. David will take you through the third quarter and provide some color on exactly how it came down. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. I'll begin the call by reading our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties or other factors, which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnival's earnings press release and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For the third quarter, our earnings per share was $1.65 compared to $1.67 for the prior year. Our EPS for the third quarter came in above the midpoint of our June guidance by $0.08 per share. This was driven primarily by three things. First, lower than expected fuel consumption worth $0.02 per share, as our brands continue to find ways to operate their ships more efficiently. Second, lower than expected SG&A worth $0.03 per share of which $0.02 is timing and is expected to reverse itself in the fourth quarter. And lastly, a final insurance settlement related to the damage done to our port facility in Cozumel by Hurricane Wilma in 2005 worth $0.02 per share. By the way, this facility is expected to reopen next month. Looking more closely at our third quarter operating results versus the prior year, our capacity increased 8.8% for the third quarter with the vast majority of the increase going to our European brands. Our European brands grew 24%, while our North American brands grew 1.5%. Overall, net revenue yields in current dollars increased 1.4% in the third quarter versus the prior year. Now, let's look at the two components of net revenue yields. In our net cruise passenger ticket yields, we saw yield improvement of 5.2% in current dollars and 2.2% in local currency. Our North American brands were up 3.4% driven by the Caribbean, Mexico and other exotic itinerary. Our European brands, excluding Ibero Cruises joint venture which we began consolidating in the fourth quarter of last year, experienced 1.8% lower local currency passenger ticket yields versus some very strong comparisons from the prior year. Given the 24% capacity increase for our European brands this year and the increasing competition from other companies in the European marketplace; we were expecting to see overall flattish yields for the year and that is still the case. As to Ibero, we did experience some soft pricing during the third quarter, as a result of the difficult economic environment in Spain. For net onboard and other yields, we reported flat yields in current dollars for the yield decline of 2.1% in local currency. However, mix accounts for 0.7% of the decline as our European brands, which have always had lower onboard spending, are growing faster than the North American brands. 0.6% of the decline results from Ibero Cruises, which was not included in the results last year as they were consolidated beginning in the fourth quarter after we closed the joint venture. Therefore, on an apples-to-apples basis, the decline in yields year-over-year is only 0.8% in local currency with declines in most of our brands. On the cost side, cruise costs per available lower berth day for the third quarter in local currency are up 12.6%, driven primarily by fuel prices. Fuel prices this year were 77% higher, costing us an additional $230 million or $0.28 per share. Excluding fuel and local currency, the cruise costs per available berth day were essentially flat. Turning to our 2008 outlook, I will skip the net revenue yield outlook, as Howard will discuss that in a few moments. The cruise cost per available berth day for the full year in current dollars, we're expecting to see a 9.5 to 10% increase. However, excluding fuel and local currency, we will be down slightly. Based on the current spot prices for fuel, using Monday's closing prices, fuel prices for the full year are projected to be $573 per metric ton for 2008 versus $361 per metric ton in 2007, costing us an additional $678 million or $0.83 per share. Overall for 2008, we continue to forecast controllable expense unit costs, excluding fuel and currency down slightly, exceeding our long-term target of unit cost growth between flat to one half of the rate of inflation, which continues to be a credit to our brands, given the significant inflationary pressures in crew wages, crew travel, freight and other areas. Our currency assumption for the euro was $1.42 and the GBP $1.80 for the remainder of the year. Given these FX rates, the year-over-year benefit of currency is expected to be $77 million or $0.09 per share. Currency offset about 11% of the fuel increase of $678 million. At this point, I will turn the call over to Howard.
Howard Frank: Thank you, David. Before I provide some early color on the 2009 booking patterns, let me comment briefly on the balance of this year, essentially the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we will take the delivery of the Ruby Princess, which will have its first revenue sailing in November out of Fort Lauderdale to the Western Caribbean. The ship Ruby is booking well, as are most of our Caribbean programs this fall. At this point, there is very little inventory remaining to be sold in the fourth quarter. We expect local currency revenue yields for the fourth quarter to increase in the 0.5% to 1.5% range, slightly lower in that range from previous estimates with continued Caribbean strength offset by lower onboard revenues and weakened ticket prices in Europe, primarily in Spain, as David touched upon. Fourth quarter operating results will also benefit from forecasted lower fuel costs, partially offset by the weakening of the euro and sterling currencies. As commodity fuel prices have declined over the last two months, bunker fuel prices have also declined but not to the same degree. It is difficult to know where the bunker pricing will eventually fall into its historical range relative to commodity fuels. But if it does, bunker pricing could fall further from where it is today. However, as David mentioned, for current forecasting purposes, we are pricing bunker at current spot prices. As a result of the three major hurricanes this fall, we have had several ship disruptions, including the recent disruption for two of our Carnival ships in Galveston. Our Q4 guidance includes a couple of pennies per share for these hurricane related issues, sort of the costs and lost revenues as well. Taking all of the above factors into consideration, we currently estimate fourth quarter results will be in the range of $0.36 to $0.38 a share compared to the $0.44 a share in the fourth quarter of a year ago. The reduction in year-over-year fourth quarter earnings results from higher forecasted fuel price increases this year versus 2007, which is expected to cost us under $35 million or $0.17 a share. For the full year 2008, we are forecasting our results to be in the range of 279 to 281, at the higher end of our previous guidance. By the time we report to you fourth quarter results in December, we will be focusing more on the 2009 year. So with fiscal 2008 coming to a close soon, let me try to summarize the year for you. Throughout 2008, we have been challenged by the US consumer whose finances have been squeezed as a result of the reduced value of their homes and higher gas and commodity prices, and clearly, we felt the impact from the consumer as our onboard revenues were lower than we had estimated, although our estimates for ticket yields, especially in North America, held throughout the year. Also during 2008, as we all know, constantly rising fuel prices cost us $285 million more than we expected last December when we provided earnings guidance for the year. From the midpoint of our December 2007 guidance for 2008 year of $3.20 a share; that was the guidance we set out at the beginning of the year; we are currently guiding to $2.80 per share or $0.40 below that original guidance. Increased fuel costs of that $285 million that I referred to account for $0.35 of the $0.40 shortfall. We have in the past stated that our business model while not immune to a softer macro economy will have some resiliency, and we think our performance in 2008 supports this case. Now turning to 2009, our capacity is expected to increase by 5.8%. 3.9% of that capacity will be for our North American companies and 8.8% in Europe. Quarterly capacity increases will be as follows. In the first quarter, it will be 3.1%, in the second quarter, 6.7%, in the third quarter, 5.7%, and in the fourth quarter, 7.4%. We have five ships scheduled for delivery in 2009, the Aida Luna in March, the Costa Luminosa and Costa Pacifica in April and May, the Seabourn Odyssey in June and the Carnival Dream in September. On a fleet-wide basis, occupancies at this time, for the first half of 2009, are slightly behind a very strong occupancy that we had last year and higher than the comparisons with the 2007 year. And overall, ticket prices are higher for 2009 booking versus 2008. I will provide further ticket yield details by quarter in my later remarks. Now as to the current booking environment, and this is just now for North American brands for the first half of 2009, while it's clear that the US economy is softening, recent booking trends; and by that I am referring to, let's say, the last six weeks or so; have been slightly stronger than the very strong levels experienced a year ago but at slightly lower prices. For the first half of 2009, Caribbean and Mexican Riviera Cruises are up of up to 14 days, which represents a majority of our first half 2009 cruises continue to sell well. Bookings for longer, more exotic cruises broadly speaking are slower on a year-over-year basis at somewhat lower prices. The North American consumers continue to book their vacations but are looking for value in the cruise product. Of course, our product is well-positioned to meet the needs of the value conscious consumer. At this point, the overall booking picture for North American brands, in our view, in the first half of 2009, is encouraging. Turning to our European business, bookings for the first half of 2009; and again, this is the last six weeks of bookings or so; are slower than the very strong levels of a year ago, but with pricing running nicely higher. Recent booking trends at Costa, our largest European cruise company, have so far been solid for 2009 and at higher prices, which is very encouraging. So on a fleet-wide basis, we are pleased to report that even with the continuation of the soft economies in the US and Europe, our current booking volumes for the first half of 2009 are holding up well. While our businesses performed well during the global economic slowdown in 2008, we are mindful of the enormous turbulence in the financial markets and the further possible impact this could have on the consumer in 2009. We will have a better feel for how these events could affect our business at the end of our fourth quarter and we will provide an updated view on the booking picture at that time and more specific guidance on revenue yield. With respect to operating costs, we will be finalizing our 2009 operating plan during the fourth quarter. We are seeing inflationary cost increases, especially in commodity prices, but it's still too early to provide specific cost guidance. Of course, fuel is our main cost variable and if it continues to go down, it will benefit our 2009 costs. There also seems to be an inverse correlation between the movement of fuel prices and the movement of the dollar versus the euro and sterling currencies, which are the other main currencies in which we operate. So as fuel prices have declined, the dollar has strengthened, which given our large European operations will reduce our dollar profits. As I indicated, we will provide more specific guidance on the 2009 year during our December call. Now let me start to give you a brief rundown as to how each of the quarters are shaping out. Think of this as sort of the current picture of what the bookings look like right now. For the fourth quarter, our capacity for the entire fleet is up 8.5%, 5% for North American brands and 17% for our European brands. On a fleet-wide basis right now, our fourth quarter occupancies are slightly lower year-over-year with local currency pricing nicely higher. For North American brands, the Caribbean represents 42% of capacity, down from 46% a year ago and Mexican Riviera is 12%, which is the same as a year ago. Europe is 12% versus 10% last year, and all other itineraries, including Alaska and [long and] exotic cruises, are each under 10%. With very little inventory left to sell, North American pricing is well ahead of last year with occupancies running slightly behind. Caribbean and Mexican Riviera pricing is well ahead year-over-year with lower occupancy pricing for Europe and Alaska shoulder seasons are lower with flat year-over-year occupancies. And generally speaking, all other itineraries are enjoying higher pricing with slightly lower volumes. Europe brands in the fourth quarter are 77% of the Europe itineraries, down from 81% a year ago with the balance in just various other itineraries. Europe local currency pricing at this time is flat with last year with occupancies running slightly behind. Late bookings are holding up well, especially for Costa, as I mentioned before, our largest European brand. By the time the quarter closes, we forecast overall revenue yields in Europe to be slightly lower, largely because of lower onboard revenues and continued sluggishness in the Spanish market. With an 18% increase in Europe brand capacity, we are quite pleased with our European brand performance. On a fleet-wide basis; this is also for the fourth quarter; combining North America and Europe, fourth quarter local currency yields are forecasted to be up in the range of 0.5% to 1.5%, which I previously mentioned, but slightly lower than our previous forecast as a result of the lower onboard revenues and the slowdown in the Spanish market. Now I'm going to turn to the first quarter of 2009. On a fleet-wide basis, first quarter capacity will be higher by 3.1%, 1.5% for our North American companies and 9.5% for our European companies. At this point, on a fleet-wide basis, first quarter pricing is ahead year-over-year with occupancies running slightly behind. And that's versus a very strong booking year in 2008. Indeed, occupancies are nicely up against comparisons for the 2007 year. Ticket pricing against the 2007 year is nicely ahead. For North American brands, first quarter capacity is 62% Caribbean, 12.5% Mexican Riviera, with the balance of the itineraries in various other trades, including long and exotic cruises and world cruises. Overall, North American pricing is nicely ahead year-over-year with approximately flat year-over-year occupancy. Breaking it down by trades, Caribbean cruise pricing is running well ahead year-over-year with higher occupancies. Mexican Riviera pricing is also nicely ahead with slightly lower occupancies. These two trades, together with Panama Canal cruises which also has strong pricing, accounts for approximately 80% of our first quarter capacity. As I indicated in my earlier comments, pricing and occupancy for long and exotic cruises is running behind, and this represents approximately 20% of our inventory, of our capacity. So, on an overall basis at this time, the North American booking picture for the first quarter is quite encouraging, given the strength in the Caribbean and Mexican Riviera. Now turning to Europe, Europe brand itineraries are 32% Caribbean, down from 37% last year. Europe cruises are 24%, about the same as the prior year. Europe Pacific is 12% versus 8% a year ago. South America, 11%, world cruises, 12%, which are both about the same; and the balance of the fleet and various other itineraries. Overall, Europe brand occupancies are running behind year-over-year with local currency pricing also behind, but keep in mind, comparisons to last year are a bit tough because bookings were so strong. Breaking it down by trades for the Europe brands on a year-over-year basis, Caribbean prices and occupancies are ahead, Europe cruise pricing and occupancies are lower, Orient Pacific pricing is level with lower occupancy, South America pricing is lower with higher occupancies, and world cruise prices are higher with lower occupancy. So it's a bit of a mixed bag, but given recent booking trends, including strong demand for late bookings, we feel the European brand, the performance in the first quarter will be quite acceptable. Now turning to the second quarter of 2009 and giving you the booking picture there, second quarter 2009 fleet-wide capacity is up 6.7%, 4.9% in North America and 9.1% in Europe. Booking information in the second quarter is still in its early stages of development. So I caution not to read too much into the data. On an overall basis, second quarter pricing is currently running ahead year-over-year with occupancies flat versus the tough comparisons in 2008. Compared to 2007, occupancies are nicely higher. North American brand capacity breaks down as follows. Caribbean is 52% versus 51% in the prior year, Mexican Riviera is 11%, down from 13% in the prior year and all other itineraries, Alaska and European shoulder season, Panama Canal, long and exotics, are all under 10% each. Caribbean pricing is running nicely ahead year-over-year with slightly higher occupancies. Mexican Riviera pricing and occupancies are slightly ahead. Pricing and occupancies for the various other itineraries, generally speaking, are running behind last year with the exception of Europe and transatlantic where pricing is ahead, but at lower occupancies versus 2008. Looking at Europe in the second quarter, European brands are 58% in Europe trades versus the same 58% a year ago, 10% in the Caribbean, which is down from 16% a year ago, 11% are transatlantic, down slightly from a year ago, 12%; and the balance of the different itineraries are all under 10%. Local currency pricing in Europe on an overall basis is higher than last year with occupancies approximately flat versus 2008, but higher than 2007 occupancies. Europe itinerary pricing is higher than a year ago with lower occupancies, for the Europe cruises trade. Caribbean pricing is lower with higher year-over-year occupancies and transatlantic have lower pricing with higher occupancies. On an overall fleet-wide basis, occupancies and pricing for the second quarter bookings are encouraging at this time, but the second quarter is still, as I said before, in its early development. And with that sort of rundown on the booking picture for the fourth quarter this year and the first and second quarter of 2009, I will turn it back to you for Q&A. Alex, we are ready for questions and answers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. I wonder if you could give a little bit of color about onboard. I mean we see it was down slightly in the quarter, but are you seeing that across all brands? I think previously you talked about it being mostly, I think, of Carnival and Costa brands broader market. I wonder if you could update us on the trends you are seeing there now, and then I have got another question after that.
Howard Frank: Yes. I will turn it over to David.
David Bernstein: Sure. Robin, we are seeing the weakness, as I said, across most of our brands in North America and in Europe. As we mentioned before, we are seeing reductions in bar. We are seeing it in the casino. We are seeing it in art auctions. We are still seeing an uptick in [ShoreX] and spa. So there are some pluses and minuses, but overall it is down across most of the brands.
Howard Frank: When we say it is down, it is down really very modestly, I think in the 1% range or something. I mean, it is really down modestly.
David Bernstein: For the third quarter, I had mentioned that the real year-over-year decline was 0.8%. In the second quarter, apples-to-apples, it was only 0.2%. So we are talking about very modest declines.
Howard Frank: Remember, when we gave guidance at the beginning of the year, we assumed, as normally happens, that we would see increases in onboard, which typically happens every year. We did not see those increases. So, certainly from the standpoint of where we thought we would be, we are not getting there.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Then, when you gave your outlook for the first half of '09, and I realize it is still early, but you talked about ticket prices at higher levels, but occupancies slightly below. I seem to recall that last year it was the opposite, where the bookings were ahead in volume, but lower in price, and then as you get closer, you would see that reverse a little bit. Is that a function of what you are doing with pricing or is it a function of something on the consumer side normally where you would be with volume and prices, it sounds like it is a slightly different outlook than last year?
Howard Frank: I think it is probably a combination of both. I think to some degree; and it is hard to know, it is hard to measure that; our brand managers believe they can capture higher yield even at a lower booking pace because demand is still strong enough to still get there by the end of the quarter. So from a yield management standpoint, they are sticking with their higher prices at the expense of somewhat slightly lower demand in the belief that they can still capture higher pricing, higher yields in 2009. Now, to some degree, some of that may be because of the economies in both North America and Europe there is a little bit of a slowdown. It is hard to know. The slowdown, albeit, is at higher price points that we have out there. So it is also possible that if we continue to see it slow further that we will have to take pricing down. Right now, we are trying to hold onto as much pricing as we can going into 2009.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Conder. Please proceed.
Tim Conder - Wachovia Securities: Thank you. Just a couple of items here. Howard, you were alluding to it a little bit there, but have you seen the booking window, anyway to quantify any changes in the booking window over the last 90 days, and in particular, commentary from bookings that you are seeing out of the UK, and then, separately continental Europe?
Howard Frank: Well, when I gave you the trend in bookings, Tim, it was really a six-week trending, which we do to see what is more recently been going on. Quite honestly, our view is it is remarkably pretty solid on both sides of the Atlantic. In the UK, we are holding price. Remember, the UK, while the economy has softened considerably, the P&O brand, which is our main brand in the UK, their market is largely older British passengers, many retirees, in fact, their long cruise, their world cruise that just opened up for 2010, they got an enormous number of world cruise bookings this week. It is amazing and they were surprised. So that market is more immune to the slowdown in the British economy because these are people that are in retirement, they are close to retirement or wealthier people who were taking longer cruises and P&O historically has had very good performance in these down markets. So they are doing fine and they are holding price, and even if it is at the expense of taking late bookings because both in the UK as well as in Europe with Costa, we are finding that the sense on in both areas is that while the consumer is delaying their vacation decision that they ultimately are stepping up and taking their vacations and booking their cruises, but at later dates. So, late bookings are holding up well both in the UK, as well as in continental Europe with Costa, if that answers your question.
Tim Conder - Wachovia Securities: Yes, because I think you said that a year ago, in general, and you mentioned this with the P&O cruises that that brand had booked out about 10 months historically versus the overall corporate industry average of six months. So, as I understood your response right that your P&O cruises in the UK are still holding up very well, but potentially seeing a little bit of tightening of that window, as people are booking a little closer and the same thing for Costa, is that correct?
Howard Frank: I think P&O this year is taking a little bit different approach to their yield management with a goal objective of capturing more yield. Last year with the delivery of the Ventura, I think they were more concerned about, with that significant increase in capacity, of filling up the Ventura and filling it up earlier, so they put out pricing that they thought in retrospect. You always do that. It is really a little bit of a guessing game when it comes to a new ship focusing on a little bit different part of the British market that you are going to get your pricing out there early, your lower pricing. So I think they are trying to capture some higher pricing at the expense of booking at a little bit slower pace.
Tim Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Then, secondly, maybe more of a question for Micky here, Micky, two parts to the new build outlook here, any change in the competitive landscape, better or worse as a result of [STX] of Korea fully acquiring [Aucker]? Then, on the dollar-euro exchange rate, at what level threshold does it start to look a little more attractive to consider maybe reallocating some of the new build capacity to a dollar denominating market? So, what threshold level does it start to peak your interest more of the dollar-euro rate?
Micky Arison: It is very hard to pin a rate to that. I think we are in constant discussions. We are constantly looking at that, looking at potential returns. Obviously, even fuel prices have an effect on how we look at that because we use current fuel prices on doing our return data. So there are too many moving pieces just to isolate one piece and say there is a target on one piece. I will say that with the situation now with the yard is pretty volatile right now and a lot going on, but I do not think our position has really changed dramatically from where we were last quarter. I think it is still pretty challenging to do new building projects. It is not just euro-dollar exchange, it is a lot of things. Commodity prices, steel prices have had a major impact. If predictions of a global economy slowing are correct, the container business, for example, slows, demand for container ships slow that could have a major impact on yards around the world and could bring prices in. So we will see. Right now, I would say that nothing has really changed from 90 days ago despite all the volatility.
Tim Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay, great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Good morning, guys. Just a couple questions. First, I do not know if it is too early to tell, but have you looked in terms of fuel supplements and either you pushing them back at all?
Micky Arison: I think we have tried to make it clear in the press release that the fuel supplements, assuming fuel stays the same as when we did the press release consistently for the rest of '09, we will have recovered through that supplement only 25% of fuel increases for '08 and 43% for '09. So we are still only recovering a very small amount of the cumulative fuel price increases, and therefore, I would expect them to be around awhile. Obviously, if fuel prices continue to drop at the kind of rate that they have dropped over the last quarter, I mean the middle of July they were at $147, so without predicting where fuel goes, if fuel stays at the same level, then we are still only at 43% recovery if we recover the full fuel supplement from every passenger.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Got you. Thanks. Then on the last call you basically said cancellation rates were almost zero or close to zero. Any change there?
Howard Frank: There really has not been any significant change. The comments we made on the last call still hold true in terms of the cancellation rates just being up a tad.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Got you. Then, you said for the fourth quarter, your revenue guidance includes the impact from what you are seeing in Galveston. I think you said it was a couple cents. Have you seen many people cancel those cruises due to the change in port?
Micky Arison: The couple of cents relate to all events, hurricanes 'A' through 'I'. I think it is very early to say. I do not know if, David or Howard, you have gotten any feedback, but it is very early to say whether there has been any impact.
Howard Frank: I do not know. I suspect there might be a little bit, but not much. I mean, we moved the ship to Houston, which fortunately there was a pier available in Houston, so we can continue to operate. So I think certainly the local markets in Houston and Galveston, clearly, will be affected in that part, but the rest of Texas is okay. A lot of our business coming into Houston and Galveston is fly in business as well. So I think we will be okay.
Micky Arison: Obviously, if somebody has lost a home, there is some likelihood of potential cancellation. So hopefully, we have got that all factored in a couple of cents, but time will tell. At least, we have a pier to operate in Houston. We are going to be back in Grand Turk starting October 8. So despite all the devastation, we should be back to business as usual pretty quickly.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infiniti Research. Please proceed.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Good morning, guys. Congratulations on excellent Q3 results. A couple of questions. Howard, maybe you can help me by providing a little more detail on the trends in the past six weeks in the North American market. Specifically when we look at the Bahamas and the short Caribbean the first time cruiser markets, it seems there has been some weakness there. Is that part of your yield management program of holding pricing or is it something that you are seeing in terms of the number of bookings and calls to make reservations?
Howard Frank: I think on some of the short Caribbean programs, we have seen a little bit of weakness from the first time cruiser. Some of that could be hurricane-related. Typically, when those passengers who have never been on a cruise are more affected by the sense of hurricanes, the psychology of the hurricanes than people who are more experienced cruisers and many of the people that go on short cruises are first timers, and they see a little bit of an aberration. I think we are seeing a little bit of that, yes.
David Bernstein: That is all factored into the yield guidance we have.
Micky Arison: When you look at the short period here, the last few weeks and going into the next few weeks, when you have Category 3, 4, 5 hurricanes as the lead-in story on all the network cable shows and network news and front page of newspapers, we always see a slowdown, but when they get off the front pages, things tend to get back to normal. The other thing that we generally see, and having been around this a long time, is that after the Presidential Conventions and going into a Presidential Election, we generally see a slowdown as people focus in on the Presidential Election through the first week in November. I can say that in the 30 plus years I have been doing this, almost every four years we do see that as everybody is focusing on in who they are going to vote for. So the combination of those two things has played a role. Now, if you add in all the market turmoil, it is very hard to know what is causing what.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Okay. Micky, in June 2012, we should tell people to short the stock because of the next election?
Micky Arison: No, more like September.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Okay. Thank you for that. My second question relates more to SG&A. It was down this quarter. It was down the quarter before on a unit basis even though you took delivery of a couple of ships. Should we expect that trend to continue and is the insurance recovery that is included in SG&A related to the Princess fire?
David Bernstein: No, the insurance recovery that was included in SG&A was related to Hurricane Wilma and the damage to Cozumel back in 2005. That represented, as I indicated before, about net it was $0.02 a share. There was some tax impact. So it was more like $0.03 a share in the SG&A line. So that was the primary reason that SG&A was driven down in the third quarter. We have been tightening up on SG&A across all our brands. So, as I mentioned in the second quarter call, people were looking at their expenses and reducing them as a result of cost containment programs. At this point, we are not putting any guidance forward for 2009. As I mentioned overall, we did expect cruise costs to be flat for this year.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Okay. Thank you, David. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz with Horizon. Please proceed.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Quickly, what quarter next fiscal year, would oil prices be flat or even down if at oil remains at $95 a barrel?
David Bernstein: David, basically, within our guidance for this year, in the fourth quarter we used, I think it was $594 per metric ton. At this point in time, of course, that includes actual essentially for September, which is above that number and it includes a projection for October and November of about $570. So at this point in time, the $570 projection for October and November is actually $3.00 below the 2008 full year cost per metric ton, which was $573.
Howard Frank: This is a moving target and it is also bunker prices and the crack spreads. I did mention that the bunker prices did not fall as quickly as the commodity fuel prices we expect. Just recently, we did see the crack spreads fall a little bit more. That is not factored into the numbers, but also fuel prices went up. So you have got so many variables here, it is hard to know. I think at some point when we get closer to the; and maybe in the fourth quarter call and we have a better sense of, at least at that point, where fuel prices are; we will give a sense on a quarter-by-quarter basis as to how it measures up versus last year's quarter savings.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Okay. The second question, at what point does the dollar become strong enough that some of the capacity that you have committed to with the yards might switch over to a North American brand?
Micky Arison: The capacity is committed to specific brands and it would be virtually impossible, but not impossible, to switch it from one brand to another. It is not something that is under consideration. I mean those ships are designed, the interiors are done already for the specific brand. As you know, brands design the interiors very differently. So we really do not have that much flexibility to do that. I know what you are thinking of because in the past we have signed contracts that allowed us to switch brands. All those contracts ran out. We have no brand switching contracts going forward.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Okay. Then if I could rephrase it, at what dollar to euro rate would you think to add additional capacity to North American brands?
Micky Arison: I think I answered this question already, but it is really a function of when the dollar brand capacity can meet our hurdle rates and that that brand needs the capacity, as well as meeting our hurdle rates. That is not just a dollar-euro question, but it is a question of type of ship, prototype, sister ship, commodity prices, cost of fuel at the time, et cetera, et cetera. So you are asking a question of one element of a very complex web of moving targets. I can just assure you that when we can get the kind of returns, we target returns and our brands need the capacity that we will be moving at that time.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Okay. Rather than beat a dead horse, we have some older ships in some of your North American brand ships that are 15 to 20 years in service already. Would that dictate the desire for new capacity?
Micky Arison: We have no ships in our North American brands that have lives, in my opinion, less than 10 years. Our older ship in our North American brand, I believe is the Fantasy where we are just now spending $50 million on an evolution of fun upgrades. Do we have any older?
Howard Frank: The Holiday.
David Bernstein: The Holiday.
Micky Arison: The Holiday we have already announced is leaving and going to Iberocruceros. So taking the Holiday out --
David Leibowitz - Horizon: And the Prinsendam?
Micky Arison: Prinsendam is an unbelievably successful ship that we put $20 million in last year and is getting one of the highest yields of any of our ships in our fleet.
Howard Frank: As are the Seabourn ships, which are approaching those ages, but I mean they are performing very well.
Micky Arison: There is no ship in our fleet that I would say in the North American fleet that has less than 10 years of life in it.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Okay. Again, I am not trying to push a hot button. I was just trying to indicate that at a point in time new capacity comes on not just because you need capacity as much as trade-offs with existing capacity. So I, again, do not mean to hit a hot button issue with you.
Micky Arison: That really is not an issue right now. The issue is whether that we are going to take a disciplined approach and whether brands that need capacity can meet the hurdle rates for a new building program, for a new building project. If they can, we will seriously consider it and negotiate a contract. If they cannot, we will wait.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Reed with Landsbanki.
Mark Reed - Landsbanki: Good morning. Two questions. The first one is just a quick one on share buybacks. Have you made any in the quarter and what is your thought on buybacks going forward? The second question is standing back a little bit, the major economies of Europe could well be in a recession in the next 6 to 12 months. You have got 8.8% capacity increase going into 2009 in Europe. At the moment, you seem to be holding price in the yield management system, which seems to imply that you are pretty confident in Europe demand, and that is a big capacity increase on top of one we already had this year going into a fast slowing economy, and when do you start to change the yield management in Europe?
Micky Arison: Yield management is based on booking pattern, not based on the front page of the Financial Times. It is based on bookings. Right now, booking levels are pretty strong and that is how we make yield management decisions. Despite the fact that a country like Italy, for example, had a pretty rough economy this year, that Italians will take their vacations and Costa filled their ships at good yields and met their quotas in Italy. The only country, as Howard said earlier, that seemed to suffer from a slowdown in vacation travel from the standpoint of cruises was Spain. I venture to say that some of that is the fact that Spain really does not have well established brands. When you look in the UK and you look at P&O and Cunard and how powerful those brands are, they did well regardless and Costa in Italy and Aida in Germany, but we and some of our competitors are trying to create and build brands in Spain and building a brand takes a little time. So, we are very confident in the capacity increases that we have in Europe. We do not have any in Spain next summer, but we do have in Italy and in Germany and Costa and Aida are performing very well for us.
Mark Reed - Landsbanki: Thank you.
Howard Frank: On share buyback, David?
David Bernstein: Yes. Mark, on share buyback, we had announced we had stopped buying back the shares last December and we have not bought back anything since.
Mark Reed - Landsbanki: Your attitude to the future, will you continue to review that situation?
David Bernstein: We always review the situation. Of course, in light of today's financial world and the credit market, we are not currently buying anything back.
Howard Frank: We have also been very consistent that we have said that we intend to defend our A minus rating and we would only buy back on the basis of continuing to defend that A minus rating and we think in these times in particular that has proven to be very important and very valuable.
Mark Reed - Landsbanki: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Barry with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: I had just one question. Are you seeing any change in your air/sea mix and would you anticipate potential in the future that you would have to maybe partially subsidize there going forward?
Micky Arison: I do not know that we have seen the change, but air/sea mix has been lower. Clearly cost of air has gone up and some of these long, exotic cruises that I talk about where business has been off, I think part of the reason is the higher cost of the air leg and the higher price point as result of it. I think that will ultimately get absorbed. I think that is going to be with us for a while, as long as fuel prices are at these levels.
Howard Frank: Absorbing air costs has historically been to some degree a marketing decision and a yield management decision. That is just one of the various elements that marketing can use to market its product. There was a period of time that every cruise line offered free air. I mean that is just part of the marketing mix and each brand makes decision on how they do that in the context of how they do their marketing and how they do their yield management.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Great. You had mentioned I think on the last call you were seeing some relative strength in the short cruise market here in North America. Is that still the case? Are you still seeing some strength in the three, four, five day market?
Howard Frank: What I said just a short few minutes ago, Scott, is that, just recently, probably the results of the hurricanes and all the other turmoil after the three, four and five day market has shown a little bit of softness, but we think that is typically not unusual in the fall with hurricanes, but that is just a recent development. I think the psychology of first time cruisers is more affected by hurricanes than it is for experienced cruisers and that short market is primarily a first timers market.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Beth Roberts: Just to clarify on the air/sea mix, it has been running up slightly higher this year, but that is really a function of itineraries as we move more capacity out to Europe.
Operator:  Sir, the next question comes from the line of Joe Hovorka with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Joe Hovorka - Raymond James: Thanks, guys. You commented that fuel is going to benefit you $60 million in the fourth quarter and foreign currency is going to be a negative $33 million, and there is a relationship between those two. Looking into '09, should we expect roughly half of the benefit of fuel being offset by foreign currency or should that relationship change a bit?
Micky Arison: That is very hard to tell. We are not here to predict the movement in foreign currency and/or the movement in fuel prices. There have been, as you could look back historically, when one has benefited, the other has gone against us and there has been an inverse relationship there. The exact relationship and how much one offsets the other is very difficult for us to say or predict at this point.
Joe Hovorka - Raymond James: FX is usually a smaller percentage, is that correct? Is that what the actual numbers have been the last couple of years?
Micky Arison: It depends on the percentage movement in FX versus the percentage movement in fuel. Lately, like for instance in 2008, fuel prices have moved far more dramatically than FX. So the impact was substantially more than the FX impact. In 2007 over 2006, they were much closer to each other because of the percentage movement.
Joe Hovorka - Raymond James: Okay, great. That is all I had. Thanks.
Operator: There are no questions at this time.
Howard Frank: Okay, great. Well, thank you all for calling in and I think if there are any follow-on questions, you know how to get in touch with Beth Roberts. Everybody, have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-06-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Howard Frank  COO David Bernstein  Sr. VP & CFO Micky Arison  CEO Beth Roberts  VP IR
Analysts:  Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Robin Farley - UBS Timothy Conder  Wachovia Capital Markets Steve Kent  Goldman Sachs Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Nick Thomas  ABM Amro Tim Ramskill  Dresdner Kleinwort Mark Reid - Land Bank David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities Unidentified Analyst  
Operator: Welcome to the Carnival Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and COO at Carnival Corporation; please go ahead sir. Howard S. Frank Good morning everyone. This is Howard Frank and with me here in Miami is David Bernstein, our Senior VP and CFO and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. Micky Arison is also on the call but is not in Miami right now; he is travelling but he will be available as well on the call. He is listening in right now.  Let me quickly turn it over to David Bernstein, hell take you through some of the color in the second quarter financial results.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. I will begin the conference call by reading the forward-looking statements as Ive done in previous calls. During this conference call we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties or other factors which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnivals earnings press release, and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For the second quarter our earnings per share were $0.49 versus $0.48 for the prior year. Our EPS in the second quarter came in above the mid point of our March guidance by $0.06 per share. This was driven by essentially three things. First higher then expected cruise ticket revenues for our North American brands which resulted from stronger last-minute bookings, but that was partially offset by lower then expected onboard spending at our contemporary brands and some of our premium brands, worth about $0.02 per share. Secondly lower then expected SG&A worth $0.250 per share as our brands buckled down and re-evaluate spending given the difficult economic environment. And lastly lower then expected fuel consumption worth about $0.01 per share.  Looking more closely at our second quarter operating results, our capacity increased 8.3% for the second quarter of 2008 with a vast majority of the increase going to our European brands. The European brands grew 23% while our North American brands grew 2.7%. Overall net revenue yield in current dollars increased 7.3% in the second quarter versus the prior year. Now lets take a look at the two components of net revenue yield; cruise passenger ticket yields and on-board and other yields. The net cruise passenger ticket yields, we saw a yield improvement of 9.3% in current dollars and 5.5% in local currency. Our North American brands were up a strong 7.6% driven by the Caribbean, Europe and other exotic itineraries. Our European brands excluding the Ibero Cruises joint venture which we began consolidating in the fourth quarter of last year, and [Swan Helenick] which ceased operations during the second quarter of last year, achieved a 0.6% increase in local currency passenger ticket yields. Given the very large increase in capacity for our European brands this year and the increasing competition from other companies in the European marketplace, we were not expecting to see yield increases this year and were very pleased with the results.  P&O Cruises Australia with its reconfigured fleet adding Pacific Dawn in November, 2007 and delivering Pacific Star to [Pullman Tours] in March, 2008 achieved a healthy yield increase for the second quarter versus the prior year. Im also glad to continue to report that Costas yield in China improved significantly in the second quarter as they had done in the last three quarters driven by both price and occupancy which resulted primarily from our decision to shift our sourcing strategy from Costa Asia.  In onboard and other yields we saw a reported yield improvement of 1% in current dollars but a yield decline of 1.8% in local currency. However mix accounts for 1% of the decline as our European brands which have always had a lower onboard spending pattern are growing faster then our North American brands. The 0.6% of the decline results from inconsistent brands, Ibero Cruises, Windstar and Swan Helenick. Therefore the real decline in yields year-over-year is only 0.2% in local currency with declines in our contemporary brands and one of our premium brands being partially offset by increases in other brands. On the cost cruise costs per available lower berth day for the second quarter were up 10.8% while in local currency they were up 7.2% and that was driven solely by fuel prices. Fuel prices this year for the second quarter were 59% higher costing us an additional $158 million or $0.19 per share. Excluding fuel and in local currency cruise costs per available berth day were actually down 1.1%.  Turning to the 2008 outlook I will skip over net revenue yields as Howard will discuss that in a few moments. Cruise costs per available lower berth day for the full year in current dollars is expected to be up 11% to 12% driven by fuel prices and currency impacts. However if you exclude these two items we expect to be down slightly. Based on current spot prices for fuel, fuel prices for the full year are projected to be $594.00 per metric ton for 2008 versus $361.00 per metric ton in 2007 costing us an additional $752 million or $0.92 per share.  You may have noticed that I indicated that our fuel price is based on current spot price rather then the forward curve. Given the extreme volatility in the price of fuel we feel that the forward curve is not any better or worse predictor of future fuel prices then spot. While using spot simplifies our current calculations and its easier to monitor the changes for those of you who are tracking them. Therefore we have decided to use the current spot price to develop our guidance. I did want to point out that had we used the forward curve for the remainder of 2008 our estimates for the EPS would have only been approximately $0.01 per share lower. Overall for 2008 we are forecasting controllable expenses to be slightly down exceeding our long-term target of unit growth between flat to one-half the rate of inflation which is a credit to our brands given the significant inflationary pressures in food, wages, crew travel, freight and other areas.  At this point I will turn the conference call over to Howard.
Howard Frank: Thank you David. Before I move into the outlook and discuss [smart] booking patterns, I wanted to congratulate our operating company executives who did a great job of managing our business through this second quarter in what I would consider to be a very, very difficult economic environment on both sides of the Atlantic.  Now let me talk about bookings patterns and pricing in each of our major markets. In North America bookings although somewhat slower then the strong levels we experienced a year ago, have held up reasonably well in this soft economy. The bookings have been made a higher price points so to some degree the slower versus a year ago may also be somewhat attributable to the result of selling at these higher price levels. And pricing for late bookings has also held up quite well. But generally speaking despite the slower pattern of bookings versus the strong pattern a year ago, the absolute volume of bookings is sufficient to maintain our higher prices. So we have not changed our yield guidance for our North American brands for the second half of the year from our guidance that we gave last quarter. In fact we expect ticket prices to be slightly higher then last quarters guidance partially offset by forecasted lower onboards. The North American booking pattern does suggest that customers are looking for less expensive vacations and at good values and the cruise product is perfectly positioned for the value conscious consumer. Within our own brands generally speaking we are seeing continued strength in our shorter cruises and a slightly slower booking pattern for our longer voyages. Looking at specific traits for our North American brands in the third and fourth quarters, Caribbean pricing continues to be strong and we expect second half Caribbean yields to be well ahead on a year-on-year basis by the time these quarters close down.  Pricing for North American brand at Europe and Alaska itineraries in the second half of the year is expected to be somewhat lower year-over-year. Lower Alaska pricing may partially be the result of the $50.00 head tax in Alaska but its really difficult to know precisely. European itinerary pricing for North American albeit somewhat lower then a year ago, has held up reasonably well especially considering the significant increase in Europe capacity not just for our own brands, but for competitor brands as well. Turning to our European brands where capacity is up 21% in the second half of the year, we have had to modestly reduce forecasted revenue yields for ticket and onboard revenues. In some measure this may reflect a significant capacity increase in Europe including that of our competitors and also a slowdown in certain of Europes economies particularly in Southern Europe. Despite this our European businesses are performing extremely well and we continue to be encouraged with their ability to expand their markets and maintain relatively high price points for their cruise products. Taking North America and Europe together we now estimate that full year revenue yields for 2008 will still be up in the 2% to 3% range but at a slightly lower level within that range. Turning to fuel, as David indicated for the full year 2008 based on the latest spot price for fuel our fuel cost is expected to increase by $752 million or $0.92 per share over 2007. Because of these higher fuel costs in North America we recently increased our fuel supplement charge to $9.00 per day for the first and second passenger in the cabin and $4.00 per day for the third and fourth passenger for cruise voyages up to 14 days. The new supplement applies to future bookings made after June 12, theyll be only a slight benefit to the increased supplement in the third quarter, a greater a benefit in the fourth quarter and of course an increasing benefit as we get into the 2009 year. We are looking at every possible opportunity to reduce our fuel consumption from an itinerary planning standpoint to conserving energy usage on the ships. And in fact we have had some good reductions in fuel consumption as a result of these initiatives. Although fuel costs will continue to rise and well be able to partly mitigate the effects of the increase with the fuel supplement there will be a lag as I indicated before until the full benefit of the supplements are realized. For the second half of the year fuel costs are forecasted to be $438 million or $0.54 per share higher then in the second half of 2007 and since our previous guidance last March, our fuel cost forecast for the second half of the year has increased by $224 million or $0.27 per share.  Taking the slightly lower revenue forecast together with the higher fuel forecast for the second half of the year and a small inflationary increase in operating costs we are now guiding 2008 earnings per share in the range of $2.70 to $2.80. The mid point of our March guidance was $3.10 per share so we have lowered guidance by $0.35. Of this amount $0.27 relates to fuel, about $0.04 relates to changes in onboard revenue yields and $0.04 is forecasted increase in our operating costs.  Turning to the individual quarters and looking now just at the third quarter where our capacity has increased 8%, 2% of that capacity increase comes from North America and 24% of our capacity comes from our European brands. On a fleet-wide basis for the third quarter the occupancies are running slightly behind year-over-year with pricing running nicely higher on both the current dollar and local currency basis at this point in time. Breaking that down by our two major markets, North American brands and Caribbean represent 34% of our third quarter capacity versus 40% a year ago; Alaska 29% which is about the same as a year ago; Europe is 22% which is a 4% increase from the 18% a year ago with the remaining capacity in various other itineraries. At this time our North American brands are running nicely ahead in pricing and slightly behind in occupancy which very little left to sell. The Caribbean pricing is well ahead of last year with lower occupancy however pricing for late business has been strong and we expect to close out the quarter with solid yield improvement in the Caribbean [inaudible]. As I previously mentioned Alaska pricing is slightly lower year-over-year with occupancies at about the same year-over-year levels. For Europe itineraries occupancy and pricing are slightly behind last year with a more then 20% increase in North American brand Europe itinerary capacity in the third quarter. Overall for the North American fleet this is now for the third quarter we expect revenue yields to be up nicely from a year ago. I will turn to our European brands. Our European brand fleet itineraries are virtually all in Europe for the summer quarter. Its at this time Europe brand pricing on a current dollar basis is higher year-over-year and our local currency basis is slightly lower. The Europe brand occupancies are also slightly lower. By the time the third quarter closes out we expect European revenue yields on a current dollar basis to be higher and on a local currency basis to be slightly lower. We think this is an excellent result given the 24% increase in our third quarter European capacity. As I commented before European brand overall performance at the operating line has been very strong. Overall as indicated in the press release we expect that revenue yields for the third quarter will increase by 4%, 1% on a local currency basis. However given what is now a $241 million or $0.30 per share increase in fuel costs for the third quarter we are not forecasting third quarter earnings per share will be in the range of $1.56 to $1.58 versus the $1.67 of a year ago. Now Im turning to the fourth quarter where our fleet-wide capacity is up by 8.8%, 5% for our North American brands and 18% for our European brands. On an overall fleet-wide basis occupancies are approximately even year-over-year with pricing on a current dollar and local currency basis running nicely higher.  Now just looking at our North American brands at this time the Caribbean represents 42% of North American fourth quarter capacity versus 46% a year ago, the Mexican Riviera is 12% of our capacity in the fourth quarter, which is about the same as last year, Europe is 12%, up from 10%. The European itinerary is 12% versus 10% from last year and all the other itineraries are each under 10%. North American brand pricing is well ahead of last year with occupancy slightly behind similar to the third quarter, Caribbean pricing is nicely higher year-over-year with occupancy somewhat lower and Mexican Riviera pricing is higher also with lower occupancy. Pricing for Europe itinerary cruises are lower then last year with occupancy running higher on a year-over-year basis. Generally speaking all other itineraries are performing reasonably well at this time and based on current booking patterns we expect fourth quarter yields for our North American brands to be nicely up year-over-year.  Now turning to our European brands in the fourth quarter 77% of the European brand capacity is in European itineraries which are down slightly from 81% the year ago with a balance in various other itineraries. European brand pricing on a current dollar basis is running well ahead of last year and our local current basis is running slightly ahead. Occupancies are also running slightly ahead. We are forecasting by the time the fourth quarter closes out revenue yield in Europe will come in higher on a current dollar basis and flattish on a local currency basis. Again an excellent forecasted result given the 18% capacity increase in our fourth quarter in Europe. We have commented in the past that given our significant capacity increase in our European businesses we would be very pleased if our European brands were able to maintain their revenue yield at the same year-over-year levels. So we are quite pleased with our European brands performance in 2008.  Now looking at the first quarter of 2009 our capacity actually in the first quarter, our fleet-wide capacity which is still doing a little bit of work on that but we think overall its up about 2%, 1% for our North American brands and 8% for our European brands. And that excludes Ibero; we dont have Ibero Cruises in those numbers just yet because we dont have certain information from them. I caution that booking data for first quarter 2009 is still in its early stages and I wouldnt read too much into the information at this point. For the first quarter of 2009 overall fleet-wide occupancies are running ahead year-over-year with pricing slightly higher on a current dollar basis and flat on a local currency basis. And I should add anecdotally and still of course even earlier in the stages, the 2009 second quarter has a generally overall similar pattern to the first quarter 2009.  In the first quarter 2009 for our North American brands capacity is 61% in the Caribbean which is about the same as 2008, Mexican Riviera is 12% which is down from the 15% last year and the balance is in various other itineraries including long and exotic cruises in Canada and New England, all individually less then 10%. At the present time North American brand occupancies are presently running ahead year-over-year with pricing nicely higher. Caribbean itinerary occupancy and pricing are running nicely ahead, Mexican Riviera pricing is higher on lower occupancies and broadly speaking pricing on most other itineraries is higher year-over-year with occupancies [lower]. Looking at our European brand itineraries which break down as follows: the Caribbean represents 32% of their business in Q1 of 2009 versus 37% a year ago in 2008; Europe is 24% which is about the same as last year; The Orient Pacific 12% versus 8% a year ago; South America 11% which is about the same and world cruises 12% which is also about the same as last year. At this time Europe brand occupancy are running nicely ahead year-over-year with pricing on a local currency basis lower for most brands. Certain of the European brands however with significant capacity increases the lower pricing is part of the yield management strategy to get ahead of the booking curve in order to avoid discounts on the late sale of cabins. Again I remind you its still early in the booking patterns for the Q1 2009 quarter.  Although we are only half way through the year let me put some perspective on the 2008 year at least as we see it so far. When we provided earnings guidance for 2008 last December it was the range of $3.10 to $3.30 for a mid point of $3.20 per share. Our latest guidance is now $2.75 mid point or a $0.45 reduction. Of this amount $0.43 is being caused by increases in fuel prices since the beginning of the year with the balance of $0.02 relating to a variety of all other revenue and cost issues. Apart from fuel, given all the other challenges that weve had to deal with including the softening global economy and inflationary pressures on costs, we are very pleased with the operating performance of our business. And if not for the dramatic increases in fuel prices, 2008 would have been a year of solid earnings growth.  Our fuel costs have risen by $752 million, thats $0.92 per share over 2007 which is a 65% increase and yet our earnings are forecasted to be lower by $0.20 a share or 7% over 2007. We think thats a pretty good result. We also dont believe that fuel prices will continue to rise at these levels in the future; its simply not sustainable.  And with those comments we will turn it over for questions. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers:  Your outlook actually is more optimistic then what were hearing from the field, Im wondering first of all what has changed the most since you gave us your last update. Im really trying to reconcile some of your comments, which actually seem pretty optimistic with your outlook for the low end of your prior yield guidance. 
Howard Frank: From a yield standpoint I think weve hadin North America and Ive David and Beth here, weve increased actually weve increased ticket prices, not by a huge amount but by some in terms of the forecast for the rest of the year. Weve taken down onboard revenues and in Europe weve taken down ticket prices which more or less offset each other between North American ticket prices maybe a minor difference. Weve also taken down onboard revenue so the principal difference has been a reduction in onboard revenues Id say. Thats more of a forecast then it is actual. Theres a little bit of estimation going on here on onboard revenues but thats what it is, thats what our operating guides give us and thats what we go with. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Are you trying to do anything to stimulate higher onboard revenues in this tough environment?
Howard Frank: Oh yes, were doing all kinds of things onboard the ships. All of our brands are working on this and to some degree I think they may have mitigated some of it but I think its an ongoing process.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: And is the weakness still mainly coming from art auctions or is it bleeding into other areas?
David Bernstein: There is weakness in art auctions thats probably the biggest drop of all but there is weakness in other areas. We are seeing it as we said last quarter in bar, casino and other areas as well. 
Micky Arison: I think its clear that our guests to some degree are tightening their belt and so our people are forecasting that but fortunately they continue to cruise and they continue to book at very acceptable levels. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers : About two quarters ago you were able to give us some good metrics to think about how the fuel supplement might benefit your yields and given that youve been increasing them I was wondering if you could refresh us with that.
Micky Arison: I could tell you what would happen if we got every penny of it but as you see the yields are basically under a little bit of pressure but thats from onboards and obviously the surcharges and the ticket revenue. 
David Bernstein: We had originally had indicated that if we collected every dollar of the fuel supplement it would improve our yields for 2008 by about 1.5% and that number really hasnt changed and the number would be just slightly higher for 2009 looking forward.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay but still under 2%?
David Bernstein: Yes still under 2% year-over-year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley - UBS
Robin Farley  UBS:  I wanted to clarify one thing in the release, when you talk about four 12-month pricing on the books being ahead year-over-year is that in aggregate true in constant currency as well as current dollars? 
David Bernstein: The comment was made in constant dollars. 
Robin Farley  UBS: I wonder if you can talk about youve made some itinerary changes recently, I guess the Carnival Freedom being brought back to the Caribbean instead of Europe in 2009 and I think a Costa ship also that had been in the Mediterranean coming to the Caribbean next year, and Im wondering if you could talk a little bit about obviously it sounds like the Caribbean pricing is doing better maybe then the European pricing is it an airlift issue? Is it that airline costs to Europe are getting so much higher or whats driving those itinerary changes and also how much is airlift an issue for you as the airlines cut back capacity and it drives prices higher?
Micky Arison: I think you have to be a little bit careful about overstating the Carnival move. Understand that they went from basically one and a half ships because Splendor begins service in middle of July to one next year. I dont know what the actual reduction in capacity is for Carnival Cruise Line in the Med.
Beth Roberts: Its down about 20% but its a very small number, very small base. 
Micky Arison: Yes its 20% on a small base, its not 50% two ships to one. Thats point one. Costa historically has always had two ships in South Florida and that has been their normal pattern. This year actually was an anomaly. So I wouldnt read too much into those two announcements. Other then that theres no question that whats happening to the airline industry because of these high fuel prices is a concern for everybody in leisure. Fortunately we do have the ability to move; fortunately we do have a number of ships that do operate from close to home cruising whether its close to home in Baltimore for a Carnival ship or close to home to South Hampton for a P&O ship or close to home to Palermo for people in Sicily. So that mitigates a little bit what other people will have to go through with this issue but it is a problematic issue and its something that well have to work our way through with the airlines as time goes on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Conder  Wachovia Capital Markets
Timothy Conder  Wachovia Capital Markets: Whats your updated guidance given that you did a little bit better in the second quarter, your updated guidance for annual fuel usage here in 2008? 
Beth Roberts: For the full year were looking for 3,240,000 billion metric tons. 
Timothy Conder  Wachovia Capital Markets: And then it sounds like that the fuel surcharges so far are sticking, are you seeing any evidence, any push back or tipping point so to speak that theyre not and youre getting any type of pricing demand destruction anywhere?
Micky Arison: We can only anecdotallywe havent gotten a lot of issue on it. We have today such a great variety of getting customer feedback especially with websites and blogs and all sorts of stuff and it barely comes up so I think there is just a level of understanding because its on the news everyday that we have an issue and that we have to pass it on and I think the level of acceptance has been quite high.
Timothy Conder  Wachovia Capital Markets: Could you elaborate a little bit more when you said that youre seeing a little weakness in Southern Europe, can you elaborate on that a little bit more, are we talking Spain, or what areas and then regarding your sourcing if you may, your direct business, call center and online bookings, whats that now trending for this year as a percent of your bookings versus through the traditional travel agent channels?
Micky Arison: I was going to say, [inaudible] to some degree is under performing our expectation and I would say that of the European economies, Spain seems to have been the one most impacted by the housing issue and the economic situation so it does appear that Spain, Italy somewhat as well, but Spain has been hit the worst thus far by the housing crisis and other things and we have felt it in business in Spain. Because the capacity levels are soincreases have been so high, every other country is up significantly in booking levels but as Howard said, theyre performing very well but the yields are not what we had anticipated a quarter ago but we had never anticipated yield growth when we strategically started growing at these kinds of levels. 
Howard Frank: And while weve taken down yields in Europe its really by a small amount, these are not significant swings in yield. Its really on the margin. 
Micky Arison: Were really getting fine here because last quarter we estimated 2% to 3% and this quarter were estimating 2% to 3%. So were really talking rounding errors in overall yield adjustment. 
Howard Frank: Most of the yield change has been in onboards. 
Timothy Conder  Wachovia Capital Markets: And nothinghousing in Ireland, and the rest of the UK kind of the issues there also but youre not seeing anything out of those markets? 
Micky Arison: I would say that theres a general sense that the European economies are weakening but were feeling it more in Spain then anywhere else. As far as direct business what I can say is that since Bob Dickinson retired two of Carnivals senior sales and marketing executives who were clearly the most aggressive in growing Carnival Cruise Lines [pvp] and direct business left the company as Im sure you know. One went to Royal Caribbean and one went to [NCO]. Since that time Jerry and his team, Ben and Lynn have really reevaluated that program and the fact is that they have significantly reduced the business from that program. The result is and will be at least for the time being, less direct business. So far it appears that the result of that change in strategy has improved yields and at the same time reduced G&A costs so were very pleased with that kind of mid course correction.  I think its very important to state that the travel agency distribution system has been an effective and efficient distribution system for this company for 35 years and it got us to where we are. We clearly believe that we need to continue to support them, they have shown this year that they can give us the yield improvements we need to overcome at least partially these higher fuel costs so despite the fact that I would expect that we would have a little bit less direct business next year, particularly at Carnival Cruise Lines that the effect of that will be higher yield. 
Timothy Conder  Wachovia Capital Markets: Any type of percentage shift year-over-year Mickey?
Micky Arison: No weve never given out those percentages. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent  Goldman Sachs 
Steve Kent  Goldman Sachs: Have you changed your marketing programs to target that value orientation or are you turning that up a little bit more and could we see more of that over the next six to 12 months? And then also any change in cancellation rates? I know they are remarkably low but I just was wondering if youre seeing any pick-up given the economic environment. 
Howard Frank: Each of the brands of course iswhen it comes to the value theyre all out there tactically with their own mailings and so on so there is a lot of that going on in the marketplace. I dont know that its a whole lot different but I do think theres been a little bit of a step-up in some of the marketing to get the value equation out there for the consumer and I think its been successful and it varies brand by brand depending on how much demand theyre feeling and whether they need to stimulate demand and so on. 
David Bernstein: As far as the cancellation rates are concerned we have taken a good hard look at that since its been a question that everybody has been asking and theyre really just up ever so slightly so theres really no significant change there either. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: My question goes to your assumptions on onboard spend, should we think that for the second half that number could actually come down a little bit? It seems that coupled with the good ticket yields that would be the only assumption to make at this point. 
Howard Frank: We did take it down actually in the second half of the year in terms of our forecast and of course it varies brand by brand. When we talk about onboard some brands seem to be performing okay and so its really hard to read from our perspective to read the tea leaves. So in large measures we rely on the operating company executives to give us their best sense of whats going to happen to onboards in the third and fourth quarter. We believeand they did take them down and we believe theyre very comfortable with that. 
David Bernstein: Overall if you looked at our actual results in the first quarterthe first half of the year our forecast for onboards are down ever so slightly more in the back half then they were actually down in the first half so we are trying to take all of the various factors into consideration. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: I think that you mentioned one of the premium brands showed a bigger increase in onboard spend, could that have been temporary or should we expect that trend to continue?
Howard Frank: I dont recall saying that but I think--
David Bernstein: One of them had a decrease and really a lot of that decrease had to do with art auctions. 
Howard Frank: One of them is holding up quite well, one had a bit of a decrease, yes. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: It seems that given the current guidance you expect some of the inflationary pressure on I would assume food and payroll particularly to decrease as we get into the fourth quarter, what is that expectation based on since that in Q2 and especially for Q3 well continue to see some increases in those areas?
David Bernstein: Were not necessarily expecting the inflation to decrease; its just that our brands have found ways to offset inflationary pressures. In some cases the subsidy is the mother of invention. Our brands have looked at their menus. Now when one particular brand, now when on lobster night instead of getting two lobster tails you get one and shrimp. Theres lots of different ways and easyand we also have easy comps versus the prior year fourth quarter as well.
Howard Frank: A lot of the cost increases are in fact coming from payroll and food and travel, particularly airline travel. Our people travel, our crews travel and so thats the major, major piece of it. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you kind of comment on, your largest competitor basically went through and changed their commission structure about a week, week and a half ago, doesnt sound like youll do the same. So do you think this somewhat presents an opportunity for you to take some of their business from certain agents?
Micky Arison: No, the problem with the comparison is the way weour business model and their business model is just different and sometimes everybody wants to put them together but reality what they announced was a commission program that was on the corporate level. And all our pricing and commission programs are done on the brand level. And so when you start comparing to some degree youre comparing apples and oranges. That doesnt mean that our brands wont take a very strong look at what was done and see if there is opportunities or not and what is appropriate for their particular brand. Our philosophy has been that the needs of each brand are different and you cant do these things from our perspective on a corporate basis. Youve got to do it brand by brand. And so are there opportunities? Probably. Will it differ by brand? Definitely. But its very hard to tell because again youre comparing what a brand like Holland America may decide versus Celebrity which is tied in with [Azamara] and tied in with Royal Caribbean at one package. So its apples and oranges but its something our brands are studying and they will over time react. Also our programs have tended to be adjusted year-on-year. While it appears based on the quotes that I saw coming out of there they hadnt made any adjustments for many, many years. So there was kind of a catch-up going on. 
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: In terms of the overall booking window have you seen that basically started tohas that started to shrink a little bit or has it kind of held up?
Micky Arison: Its hard to say, it doesnt appear to be because as Howard said anecdotally our first and second quarter occupancies are ahead year-over-year and remember theyre ahead against a very, very strong booking pattern this time last year for the first half of the following year. So while were watching it carefully and obviously were all reading the same newspapers and hearing the same things, to some degree its even surprising to us how well its held up.
Howard Frank: I think its people are still taking their vacations. Everybody you talk to regardless of what part of the economy theyre at, are still taking their vacations and I think you have to remember that a large segment of our consumer of our guests, are not effected by the changes in the economy. It comes from the people, the wealthier section of the economy, the retirees or people well set in their positions, their jobs and so on and so I think in part is the reasons why I think we are performing as well as we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Thomas  ABN Amro
Nick Thomas  ABN Amro: I wonder whether you can just expand a little bit on one of the comments in the statement, you talked about how youre finding consumers showing a great degree of price sensitivity and the statement certainly focused on that being a benefit for the cruise industry, I wonder in terms of compared to other holiday options, I wonder whether you can just talk a little bit more about how its altering the mix of demand within your business in terms of different brands, shorter cruises, longer cruisers, different customer types, etc. and then on the fuel side of the business could you just expand a little bit on the magnitude of the efficiency opportunities that you might have in 2009 versus 2008 and just to confirm would it be right given this $670 that youre talking about for the third quarter is effectively now a spot price rather then based on the forward curve for people that just want to make a basic assumption about price remains unchanged going forward. Should we basically assume $670 for each future quarter or are there some geographic differences between each quarter to [inaudible] maybe a misleading assumption?
David Bernstein: The $670 is a fairly good assumption across all future quarters. There are minor geographic differences but they round and get you real close back to $670 as you go forward.
Howard Frank: On the issue of the mix of business and the demand in various different cruise products that we have and whether theyre short duration or long duration cruises, some of what Im going to say is information you can readily see but some of it is anecdotal in just in talking to our operating executives in terms of what theyre saying about the business and most of what Im referring to is really later on in the late fall early winter up through the end of winter in terms of what theyre seeing in the pattern. And what I said was that and you can just see it in terms of when I talk about pricing, that pricing for Caribbean overall has been quite good and it looks like its sustaining itself through the first quarter. And thats mostly seven day and shorter cruises for the Caribbean. So thats holding up quite well and we think were going to have aassuming nothing changes between now and then it should perform quite well from a yield improvement standpoint.  As you look at longer voyages especially world voyages and 50 day voyages and so on, there is a little bit of a challenge there and so that we may have to bring at some point in time in terms of yield managing that business, there may be some more tactical things were doing. I did talk about increased mailing, direct mail business to our existing customer bases for those types of cruises. It will all get done but clearly I think people it appears, that people are maybe foregoing a more expensive vacation and trading down to a less expensive vacation. Nonetheless theyre taking their vacation which is good news.  Theres just so much in there that I can talk about but generally speaking itd all be anecdotal but thats generally the trend that we seem to be seeing right now. 
Nick Thomas  ABN Amro: On the fuel efficiencies? The magnitude of the fuel efficiencies in 2009 versus 2008.
Howard Frank: To some degree it looks like weve gotthis year if we can get 1% or 2% fuel efficiency year-over-year in terms of consumption, that thats a pretty good result for us because if our fuel bill this year is range is about $1.9 billion in total, so if we can get somewhere between $20 million and $40 millionand next year, if these spot prices are sustained through all of next year the fuel bill will probably go up another $250 million to may $21 billion, $22 billion. So if you talk $20 million, $40 million in fuel efficiencies thats a large number for us. We dont target it, we do it operating company by operating company but theyre all looking at ways to improve their efficiencies whether its on board the ships, whether its their itineraries, but a variety of different things that theyre doing whether theyre repainting the ships with silicon-based paints that they come into dry dock. All of those things though seem to be paying off but its always difficult to tell because each year your mix of itineraries are so different. So youve got to weigh that in terms of the revenue you can get from the itinerary versus your fuel usage and sometimes you may not get a fuel benefit but youre getting a revenue benefit, its a balance between the two. 
Micky Arison: Exactly. Sometimes its very hard to tell because at $80 fuel you may not sail an hour earlier from a port so you can pick up a tour that will give you better revenue then the savings by sailing an hour early. But at $130 fuel you may not pick up enough, so it becomes a moving target and as fuel prices increase our itinerary people have to re-evaluate all their itinerary decisions based on the current price. The savings theoretically of consumption will become greater as the price becomes higher because the trade-off makes more sense. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Ramskill  Dresdner Kleinwort
Tim Ramskill  Dresdner Kleinwort: With regards to the fuel surcharge given we generate a net yield of approximately $180 and the surcharge starts at five and is now at nine, can you explain to me why its sort of still one and a half percentage points of--
Beth Roberts: Its an incremental change so youre thinking of it on a cumulative basis so we picked up half of the fuel supplement in 2008 and the other half well pick up in 2009.
Micky Arison: None of it is retroactive so were getting just small bits of it going forward into this year. 
Howard Frank: If we implement it today, or on June 12, whatever the date, we dont really see the full impact of that until really the second half almost into 2009. We get some of it but weve already booked a lot of business through the first quarter of 2009. 
David Bernstein: If you compared 2009 back to 2007 where you had no fuel supplement youd be looking at a total of double the 1.5 or 3% 2009 versus 2007.
Tim Ramskill  Dresdner Kleinwort: Just regarding the dividend, how we should think about that going forward if you continue paying a $0.40 quarterly dividend and then your dividend [cover] will be out 1.7x for this year. Are you comfortable with that and at that level going forwards and should we expect any change?
David Bernstein: Well at this point in time the dividend is not an issue for us but of course we look at it carefully and we areour A minus credit rating is very important to us and so well always keep the dividend in mind in context of the credit rating but at this point its not a concern.
Micky Arison: Right now we dont see it as a concern in the near future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Reid - Land Bank
Mark Reid - Land Bank: Q3 guidance is for net yield at constant dollars of plus 1% which compares with the last two quarters of over 3% is that really reflecting the fact that the comps get harder from Q3 and should we view a 1% going forward as the decent indicator for a future run rate? 
Howard Frank: I think there are a couple of things at work here, I think the first comment you made that its tougher comps, I think thats true. We started to see some good demand beginning in the third quarter of 2007 so the comps in the third quarter, and I said this in my previous guidance would be tougher for us then they were in the first and second quarter. The other thing I think thats working here is that price points in the seasonally strong third quarter are much higher so it stands to reason that it would be more and more difficult to get the yield improvement in the Q3 then we had in the first and second quarter. If thats sufficient to explain whats happening. I dont know and I wouldnt comment I think about yield guidance but I think it will be higher. Our thinking right now is it will be higher in Q4 but I dont know that I would take that beyond Q4 in 2008; thats all Im prepared to say right now. 
Mark Reid - Land Bank: We seem to spend our lives hoping that the recent fuel upuptick is a temporary spike and that its going to reverse, and does becoming a ticking point like there was with surcharges where we actually revisit the idea of hedging to some degree fuel and if so are we there or thereabouts?
Howard Frank: We constantly look at the hedging scenario and whether its a program that we should do. It isessentially we view it as a temporary fix not a permanent fix for anyand that whether we should do it or not do it and at these levels its kind of difficult to kind of justify a hedge because with our fingers crossed, were hoping that maybe weve hit the top of it and it wont go a whole lot higher. However weve said that before and it has gone higher. From a management standpoint we constantly look at it but we just havent made a decision to go ahead and hedge. 
Micky Arison: If you have a real rolling hedging program youre just delaying. If you have very tight margins like in the airline industry, thats one thing. When you have our kind of margins, if we have hedges in place and we made $0.10 or $0.15 more this year and have to pay the piper in 2009 would it really make that much difference? And it would have cost of tens of millions of dollars to do it. Youre just postponing it; youre pushing it out a year. So yes, maybe we would have made $0.10 or $0.15 or $0.20 more in 2008 but we would have paid that in spades in 2009 as the rolling hedges went on to higher prices. So it justobviously we continue to make the decision not to hedge. 
Mark Reid - Land Bank: On cruise ship returns, with the fuel price as it stands at the moment, could you give us a bit of an indication some of your older ships, does it make them uneconomic in terms of returns at the tail and equally could you give any indication on what the returns are on top of the newer ships at current levels of fuel price?
Micky Arison: Actually in many cases the older ships have higher returns because the capital cost is so low. So its a mixed bag. But theres no question at todays new building costs and at todays operating and fuel costs returns are tough on new buildings and thats why you havent heard about a new building deal from us recently and while we continue to talk to yards all the time, we think that our conservative approach and disciplined approach to new buildings, our disciplined approach to our cost structure and our wide margin and our disciplined approach to our balance sheet really pays dividends in times like this. And so we will continue to work on that basis. 
David Bernstein: I looked at a couple of the ships that we took delivery of this year and their forecast for their first full year, particularly like the Ventura and we redid the models and the ships still achieve returns that are above our hurdle rates even at todays fuel prices. So were very pleased by that although I will point out that the ships were ordered a number of years ago and do benefit from the lower costs per berth. 
Micky Arison: And two of the ships we take delivery ofthe one we just took, the Eurodam and Ruby were dollar contracted ships at very, very, very attractive prices. 
Mark Reid - Land Bank: Are there new ships in the portfolio at the moment that arent hitting the return target which you may look at exiting?
Micky Arison: Very often the reason for a particular ship return being low is very often more itinerary-driven and so you have to tweak those but no, there is, right now we have no plans of selling ships. 
Howard Frank: When youre developing new markets you may put a ship in the market, it doesnt get the returns you want but youre developing a new market, [so] you do that. 
Micky Arison: The perfect example was the two smaller Carnival ships, the Celebration was just transferred to Ibero [Kuseros] now unfortunately Spain is having a tough year but long-term strategically I think that ship will give us better returns long-term in Spain then they were giving us as a smaller ship in the Carnival Cruise Line fleet. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: What price should a one-week cruise in the Caribbean be for you to be satisfied saying we are earning or the industry rather then just limiting it to your brands, that the industry is now back in control of pricing and were getting the type of return we are entitled to?
Howard Frank: Thats a tough question. Its never enough. Clearly we think werethe value equation continues to be very strong here. Were under selling our product and but in a tough economy like this its a challenge to move pricing up beyond to levels that we think are justified but our pricing today is probably no different then our pricing was 10 or 15 years for a lot of our Caribbean product a lot of our Caribbean cruises so we think theres a huge opportunity. Were probably 30% 40% below comparable land-based vacations so thats the range from where we are today though I think thats where the opportunity lies. If thats what youre driving at. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: No actually Im trying to figure out, we keep seeing specials, we keep seeing blended rates whatever, but if one were to say in this imperfect world of ours what should a one-week Caribbean cruise out of Florida cost should that price be $1500, $1200, blended rate again and industry-wide?
Micky Arison: Its clearly different by brand. A Seaborn seven day cruise in the Caribbean should be four or five times more then a Princess cruise in the Caribbean or a Carnival cruise in the Caribbean. Theres no real answer to your question but one thing I can assure you is that the promotional fares you often see more often then not are very few number of passengers on the ship.
Howard Frank: Very tactical business.
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: In terms of the difficulties in filling the ships, I forget your exact terminology, are you saying to us then that instead of lets say 105% capacity as you report on your 10-K, it might be 102% capacity?
Howard Frank: I dont think I said were having difficulty filling the ships and if this is what youre referring to, this is what I said, is that occupancies in some markets are running marginally behind occupancies a year ago but that doesnt mean we wont fill the ships and what I went on to say is that the demand last year we had very strong demand, this year from a comparable standpoint its not as strong but the price points are higher because were trying to achieve higher prices, demand will slow a little bit. But we think theres enough demand to fill up the ships. 
Micky Arison: The end result will be the same or similar occupancy level when we report. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Now what I had said was 102% down from 105%--
Micky Arison: No it might be 104.5% versus 105% but its not going to be 102% versus 105%.
Howard Frank: I think our occupancies actually in the second quarter were higher then they were a year ago so I dont think that that number is relevant really. 
Micky Arison: We operate full, the question is how many third and fourths are on the ships that play that little one or two points. But we operate full.
Howard Frank: And most of the variation in occupancy results from the mix of different brands as we add more ships to the fleet. Some ships will sailthey all sail at close to 100% cabin occupancy, some will sail at 110%, 115%, 120% of total occupancy, others will only sail at 102% depending on the brand.
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: From Carnival perspective youve made several deals to create or establish joint ventures rather then plowing into a market on your own or what have you, is that a trend we should expect to continue or have the current economics changed to the virtue of a joint venture versus going it on your own.
Micky Arison: In every case we bought out the joint venture partner with the exception of the one we just did with Ibero [Kuseros] where we have learned that you need to have a fully controlling interest; we have 75% to make a joint venture work. Were not comfortable with 50-50 joint ventures where that has been a little tenuous but the net result was that weve made it work and we bought out the joint venture partners and moved on. Who knows what will happen in the future but right now theres no joint ventures or acquisitions in the pipeline.
Howard Frank: Each opportunity is unique and the circumstances are unique and that will dictate what structure we have for a transaction but having said that, Mickey is right, there is nothing being discussed right now. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Unidentified Analyst 
Unidentified Analyst: Can you give us more detail in terms of how you achieved the savings in SG&A you were talking about and whether we can expect this to be sustainable perhaps into next year so that your cost guidance of half the inflation rate could perhaps be a bit lower next year?
David Bernstein: The achieving comes in the form of cutting back on headcount increases, travel restrictions, special projects and other things. It does flow through the year and of course it is included in whatever guidance that we gave for the year. We havent given guidance or really looked in detail for 2009 yet so overall I dont want to make any comments or projections on 2009.
Unidentified Analyst: But for 2009 presumably then your guidance of half the inflation rate still remains?
David Bernstein: I said flat to half of the rate of inflation is our target.
Micky Arison: That has been a target that weve kind of used for years. Weve fortunately been able to beat that target in many, many years but you never know. Obviously theres more inflation pressure now then there has been in a long time. 
Operator:  I will now turn it back to you to continue and for your concluding remarks. 
Howard Frank: Thank you everyone and questions were good and we thank you for listening in and we wish everybody a great day. Thank you. Bye.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-03-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer Micky Arison - Chairman and CEO  David Bernstein - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Beth Roberts - Vice President of Investor Relations 
Analysts:  Robin Farley - UBS Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Timothy Conder  Wachovia Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch David Leibowitz - Burmingham  Tim Ramskill  Dresdner Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Mark Reid - Land Bank Bob Simonson - William Blair Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol Edward Stanford - Cazenove Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Steve Searl - Conning Asset Management 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like now to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard S. Frank: Good morning, everyone. With me this morning is Micky Arison, Chairman and CEO of Carnival Corporation; David Bernstein, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. We are going to start the program off with David taking you through the first quarter and then I will try to give you some color on what the rest of the year looks like. 
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. I will begin the conference call by reading the forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties or other factors which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnivals earnings press release, and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For the first quarter 2008 our EPS is $0.30 per share which is above the midpoint of our latest guidance in the 10-K by $0.03 per share. The 10-K guidance was $0.26 to $0.28 diluted EPS. This resulted from lower than expected fuel prices worth about a penny per share; the positive impact of currency worth about a half of penny per share; various other cruise costs which in total were worth almost $0.02 per share; and all of this was partially offset by the fact that we excluded the fuel supplement on existing bookings from first quarter revenue which cost almost a penny per share. Let me elaborate a little on the status of the fuel supplement program which we announced last November. As you know, the Florida Attorney General is conducting a review of our fuel supplement program as well as programs at other cruise lines. We believe that our fuel supplement complies with all applicable laws and we have been fully cooperating with this review. Last week, Royal Caribbean announced an agreement with the Florida Attorney General that expressly permits a fuel supplement but provides onboard credits for the fuel supplement on bookings existing as of the date of their announcement of the fuel supplement program. We continued to discuss our fuel supplement program with the Florida Attorney General. We believe that the facts and circumstances surrounding our existing bookings are different than Royal Caribbean because our brochures disclose to guests the possibility that a fuel supplement could be assessed in addition to the advertised price and that such a supplement would apply to all booked guests. However, the accounting treatment for recognizing revenue is such that where a significant uncertainty exists as to the revenue realization such as the review by the Florida Attorney General, revenue should not be recorded. Therefore we deferred recognition of the fuel supplement pertaining to existing bookings from our revenue in the first quarter. In order to be consistent between our current guidance and our first quarter actual results, we took the conservative approach and excluded approximately $40 million of fuel supplement pertaining to existing bookings for the full year from our net revenue yield and our EPS guidance for 2008. The $40 million equates to 0.3 percentage points on yields or $0.05 per share.  Before I go on let me set the stage. The remainder of my comments will be versus our December guidance provided during our last conference call. Our EPS came in at the midpoint of the December guidance which was $0.29 to $0.31 per share as all the pulses and minuses netted out. While we missed slightly on the revenue side, we achieved our cost guidance and had small favorable variances in depreciation, taxes and various other items. Net revenue yields increased 6.2% in the first quarter. This was slightly below the range of our previous guidance of 6.5% to 7.5% which we gave three months ago. The exclusion from revenue of the fuel supplement on existing bookings which I previously discussed accounted for 0.2 percentage points. The remaining difference was primarily driven by the lower than expected onboard and other net revenue yields. In the 10-K which we filed in late January we indicated that we had seen some softness in onboard revenues at certain of our contemporary brands. On the cost side, cruise costs per available berth day were up 12.9% for the first quarter, which was within the range of our previous guidance of 12.5% to 13.5% which we gave in December. Higher than expected fuel costs were offset by other expense items.  Looking more closely at our first quarter operating results, our capacity increased 10.5% for the first quarter with the majority of the increase going to our European brands. Our European brands grew 20.6% including Ibero Cruises, while our North American brands grew 5.7%. As indicated before, net revenue yields in current dollars increased 6.2% versus the prior year.  Now lets take a look at the two components of net revenue yields: Cruise passenger ticket yields and onboard and other yields. For net cruise passenger ticket yields, we saw an improvement of 7.7% in current dollars and 4.8% in local currency. Our North American brands were up a strong 7.1% driven by the recovery in the Caribbean. Excluding Ibero Cruises, which we began consolidating in the fourth quarter of last year, our European brands achieved a 1.3% increase in local currency passenger ticket yields. Im also glad to report that Costas yields in China improved significantly in the first quarter, as they did in the third and fourth quarters of last year, driven both by price and occupancy, which resulted from our decision to shift our sourcing strategy for Costa Asia. Based on the improved performance in December we had announced that we were adding a second shift to Costa Asia one year from now. In onboard and other yields, we saw a reported yield improvement of 1.5% in current dollars but a yield decline of 0.7% in local currency. However, if you adjust the consistent brand and you exclude Ibero Cruises, Windstar and Swan Hellenic, the year-over-year yield change in local currency is up slightly 0.2% with declines in our contemporary brands being offset by increases in other brands.  We have factored in our recent experience in onboard revenue into our revenue guidance for the year. However, keep in mind that we do not have the same visibility into future onboard revenue yields as we have into ticket yields where we can analyze advance bookings. On the cost side, our cruise costs per available lower berth day for the first quarter as I said before were up 12.9% versus the prior year while in local currency it was up 9.8%. However, the increases were driven by fuel prices and dry-docks. Fuel prices this year were higher than the first quarter of last year, costing an additional $156 million or $0.19 per share. We had ten dry-docks in the first quarter of this year versus four in the first quarter of last year, which cost an additional $21 million. Therefore excluding dry-docks and fuel in local currency cruise costs per available berth day were flat despite significant inflationary pressures in food, wages, crew travel, and other areas of our controllable expenses, the cost per available berth day remained flat for the quarter. Turning to our 2008 outlook, I will skip the net revenue yield outlook as Howard will discuss that in a few moments. As far as our crews cost per available berth day is concerned for the full year in current dollars it is expected to be in the range of 8.5% to 9.5%. However, excluding fuel and in local currency it is expected to be down slightly. For the full year based on the forward curve, fuel prices are projected to be $525 per metric ton for 2008 versus $361 per metric ton in 2007, costing us an additional $532 million or $0.65 per share. However keep in mind that fuel prices continue to be very volatile. Overall for 2008 we are forecasting controllable expense unit costs excluding fuel and currency slightly down and exceeding our long-term target of unit cost growth between flat to one half the rate of inflation.  At this point I will turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you David. Let me start by talking about the booking environment since the beginning of the year. As we began 2008, cumulative bookings and revenue yields across all brands as we indicated in our previous call were nicely ahead of last year. While bookings during the 2008 wave season have been slightly lower than in 2007, that was to be expected as our cumulative bookings at the beginning of the year were well ahead and there was less cabin inventory left to sell. Another contributing factor to the slightly lower volume of bookings during wave season is ticket pricing; during wave season bookings were set at higher levels and of course its also likely that the slowing economy, particularly in North America but perhaps in Europe as well, was also a factor in the slowdown in booking volumes. Because bookings were strong coming into wave season and wave seasons bookings were only modestly lower than last year our booking picture at the present time is still quite strong with bookings and pricing still running nicely ahead year-on-year. What we didnt anticipate in our revenue yield forecast as David discussed for 2008 was a slowdown in onboard revenues, which was a principal factor in our reduced first quarter revenue yields and which we have now factored into our yield guidance for the remainder of 2008. As David mentioned, 2008 revenue yield guidance was also lowered because of the deferral of the fuel supplement revenue related to the bookings we had at the time the supplement was introduced as result of the Florida Attorney Generals review of this whole issue. We do believe we have experienced a soft economy during the first quarter of 2008 and whether its recession or just a flat economy its not critical to our analysis. It seems we are going through an almost a perfect storm: an unprecedented decline in house prices not seen in the last 30 years, financial markets in complete turmoil with banking liquidity substantially frozen, fuel prices at their highest historical levels in history, a weakening U.S. dollar, continuing rise in unemployment and the inflation and the worst consumer confidence in recent years. Taking all these factors into consideration, we have reduced our revenue yield outlook for the remainder of 2008 to recognize reduced revenue yield primarily resulting from the slowdown in the onboard spending pattern. But it seems clear now that the slowing economy is having some effect in our booking patterns, it is also clear to us that consumers are still planning to take vacations, although some seem to be trading down to less expensive, more value priced vacations and thats why cruises are also popular. The value proposition of largely all inclusive cruise vacations versus more expensive land vacations is greater now than ever before and it is for this reason that we believe our business will outperform other leisure companies during periods in which there is a soft or recessionary economy. Yet with all this consumers are still booking their vacations, albeit less expensive value-oriented vacations, and that is what we offer.  Do we think the recession will affect the business? The answer is of course yes, but as we have said many times in the past our business had shown tremendous resilience in our declining economy and we expect it will do so this time as well. Its also important to keep in mind that 40% of our revenue and 35% of our capacity comes from other parts of the world with stronger currencies, which will be a further positive factor in our financial performance for 2008. Europe is our second-largest market and while a slowing U.S. economy will affect the European economies, Europes social systems provide a strong underpinning for European consumers who place a very high priority in taking their vacations. Our European cruise brands are performing quite well.  As we indicated in the press release, we have reduced 2008 EPS guidance range to $3 to $3.20, which is a $0.10 reduction from previous guidance. The $0.10 reduction is comprised of a number of factors including lower expected revenue yields, the deferral of the fuel supplement revenue I previously discussed, the higher forecasted fuel cost for the remainder of the year and a 10% benefit from the strengthening of foreign currencies. Our revenue yield guidance for 2008 has been increased to 5.5% to 6.5% from 4.5% to 5.5% largely as a result of the stronger euro and Australian currencies and on a local currency basis it has decreased 2% to 3% from 3% to 4% since previous guidance. Let me take you through now the individual quarters as we look forward and give you a brief outline on how they are shaping up. In the second quarter, companywide capacity is up 8.3% over 2007 and there is only a small amount of inventory left to sell in the second quarter. Overall occupancy is slightly ahead of last year with pricing nicely up year-over-year. Our Northern American cruise brand capacity is up 3% in the second quarter; 52% of that capacity is Caribbean, down from 55% in 2007. Mexican Riviera is 13% versus 11% in 2007, and the remaining capacity is spread amongst various other itineraries. North American occupancy is up 1.5 points year-over-year and pricing is well ahead of last year. All brands are performing well with Caribbean pricing rebounding nicely from 2007. Mexican Riviera pricing is approximately flat and pricing of most of other itineraries are higher year-over-year with the exception of the Alaska season which is slightly down. We currently forecast second quarter North American yields to be nicely up year-over-year. For our European brands, second quarter capacity is up 23% on a year-over-year basis. Europes second quarter occupancy on an overall basis is running slightly behind 2007 with pricing slightly ahead. Europe capacity 59% in European itineraries which is up 7 points from 52% in last year; 16% in the Caribbean approximately the same as last year, 11% in TransAtlantic, which is also approximately the same as last year and rest of the fleet is in various itineraries. Europe itinerary pricing is up year-over-year and pricing in all other itineraries is relatively flat with the prior year. We are currently forecasting European second quarter revenue yields on a local currency basis to be approximately flat year-over-year.  As indicated in the press release on a company-wide basis we are currently forecasting yields in the second quarter to be in the 6.5% to 7.5% range; on a local currency basis that would be 2.5% to 3.5%. The stronger yields are driven primarily by stronger Caribbean pricing. Local currency revenue guidance for the second quarter is slightly lower than previously thought as it incorporates the lower estimate in onboard revenues that we talked about as well as the deferral of the revenue related to the fuel supplement that we also previously discussed.  Based on the forward price for fuel of $528 metric ton, the increase in second quarter fuel costs is approximately a $161 million over 2007 second quarter or $0.20 per share. Taking all these variables into consideration, EPS for the second quarter is now expected to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.44 versus $0.48 year-ago second quarter.  Now let me discuss the third quarter as it is shaping up today. On a companywide basis capacity for Q3 is up 8.8%; at this time overall third quarter occupancy is up slightly year over year and pricing is well ahead. North American capacity is up 2% year over year, primarily resulting from the delivery of Carnival Splendor and HALs Eurodam in the early summer; 36% of North American third quarter capacity is in Caribbean, which is down from 40% last year; 29% in Alaska which is about the same as last year; and 22% Europe versus 18% last year. The remaining of the itineraries are in various other markets. North American occupancies were 6 points higher than a year ago and pricing is nicely ahead of last year. Caribbean occupancy and yields are well ahead year over year. Alaska and Europe occupancies were slighter down with slighter lower pricing for Alaska and flat pricing for Europe sailing. As a result of the strong occupancy and pricing for our Caribbean itineraries we are currently estimating North America brand revenue yield to come in nicely higher than the third quarter of 2007. Now turning to Europe. On European brands with the delivery of the Aidabella, for Aida Cruises and Ventura ship this spring and the Ocean and the Queen Victoria which was actually delivered at the beginning of this fiscal year, Europe brand capacity is up 24%, in the third quarter, Europe brand capacity is substantially all based in the Mediterranean and Northern Europe during the summer quarter.  Given the large capacity increase in Europe at this juncture occupancies are slightly lower year-over-year, with local currency pricing higher. We are forecasting European local currency revenue yields to be approximately flat by the time the third quarter closes. Overall for the third quarter, we expect revenue yields when I say overall combining North America and Europe, we expect revenue yields on a local currency basis to be higher than 2007s third quarter because of the more difficult comparison to 2007 third quarter yields last year and factoring in a modest reduction in yields to reflect the impact of the slowing North American economy, we are forecasting an increase in local revenue yields for the quarter, but not as high as the increases in the first half of the year. Now turning to the fourth quarter, companywide capacity for the fourth quarter is up 8.7% over 2007; booking data for the fourth quarter is still in the early stages so I caution not to read too much into the information. Overall, fleetwide occupancies are running about 4 points higher on a year-over-year basis with pricing also well ahead year-over-year. In North America, fourth quarter capacity is up 5% with 42% in the Caribbean versus 46% a year ago down 12% in Europe versus 10% in 2007, 12% Mexican Riviera, which is approximately the same as last year and the balance spread amongst various other itineraries. North American occupancies are running approximately 3 points ahead year-on-year with pricing nicely up as well. Caribbean occupancy and pricing are ahead of last year. Mexican Riviera occupancy is flat versus last year, and pricing is slightly ahead. Europe pricing is down year-over-year on a slight increase in occupancy. So the North American fourth quarter booking picture at this point is quite good. Capacity for our European brands is up 18% in the fourth quarter. European fourth quarter capacity is 77% for European itineraries versus 81% a year ago, 10.5% in TransAtlantic is up from 8.3% a year ago and the balance spread amongst remaining itineraries Europe brand occupancies are running approximately 3.5 points ahead year-on-year with pricing also nicely ahead at this junction. Occupancy and pricing for European and TransAtlantic cruises are up year-over-year. Again I caution not to read too much into this information, as the fourth quarter is typically one of the most challenging quarters in the cruise business and there is still a long way to go before the quarter is complete. For the second half of the year as a whole we are forecasting a year-over-year increase in revenue yield, but similar to the third quarter the increase will be lower than the first half of the year, largely because of more difficult comparisons with the stronger yield performance in the second half of 2007. With those comments, that completes my story. We will turn it back over to you to open it up for questions; I ask that you limit your questions to two per person so we can give everybody an opportunity to ask questions. Thank you.  
Operator:  Your first question comes from Robin Farley - UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS:  I have two questions. The first is just on the comments about onboard spend. It sounds like youre saying it continues to be just the broader market brands and you havent see it in the other brands yet. I dont know if you can give anymore color on is it across all the items of onboard spend or is it sort of more one area versus the other? Just trying to get a little more insight into that.  The second question is just about the proposed regulations for CBT changes. It sounds like the decisions can end up being kind of reasonable and favorable, but just wondering what your expectations are there in terms of timing now?
Micky Arison :  As far as onboard revenue, yes. It stayed within the context of the contemporary brands as we disclosed in the K. We havent seen it in the premium brands. Its pretty much across the board. I would say if you look specifically at certain areas it would be kind of what you would expect; if people arent buying homes or looking for homes and decorating homes they are likely to buy less art than they would if they were buying homes and decorating their homes. So, the art revenue may be down more than average.  On the other hand, people are taking vacations and going to places for the first time and are continuing to buy shore excursions so shore excursions would be down less or not down at all.  So, while there are anomalies within generally its pretty much across the board in the contemporary brands. As far as the CBT decision, we dont know what thats going to be; we are hopeful that it will not be impactful to our business as you said.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers:  Howard, I just wanted to understand some of your comments relative to the detail you give last quarter and understand the phenomenon behind the change in terms of the discrepancy. In this quarter you said that North American occupancy in the second quarter and the third quarter were up about 1.5 points and 1.6 points respectively right?
Howard S. Frank:   Yes.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers:  That compares to what you said last quarter of up 6 and up 7. So, I am just trying to understand the change there?
Howard S. Frank:   Well in Q2, I think its clear that its a zero sum game, so at point your occupancy, well way ahead three months ago, your occupancy the amount you can be ahead as you close out the quarter is going to substantially reduce. I think Q3 is evidence of some slowdown that weve seen in the booking patterns that I discussed and as a result of that I think that is what we are factoring into our yield outlook.  But fortunately for us Q3 was well booked and the patterns in Q3 continues and pricing continues to be very good. So, we feel pretty confident that we will close out the quarter with up yields as I indicated.
Micky Arison :   I think you have to remember if youre looking at a graph of where occupancy is and where you are going to end up, it ends up at zero. So, the reality is that graph has to narrow as you get closer and also the reality is when you look at second quarter, we are almost at the end of the graph and for third quarter we are also very far along the graph. So, it has to narrow substantially.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers:  That is what I wanted to check. Just a housekeeping question, your share count this quarter was 814 million; lower than I had thought it would have been. Did you buy back any shares in the quarter?
Beth Roberts : It would be anti-dilution. The convertibles in the first quarter [inaudible] was dilutive, which reduced the share count in the first quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers:  I am going to have to talk to you about that after because we go through that anti-dilution math and we still had -- okay, I will just get you offline.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Conder - Wachovia. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia:  Regarding the fuel, David, just to clarify again, $40 million you pulled out of your assumption for the balance of the year, or is that for the full year encompassing the first quarter?
David Bernstein :  The $40 million is for the full year encompassing the first quarter. Q1 was $5 million in the balance of the year. Remember Q1 was just the month of February and then the $35 million is the balance of the year.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia:  You would anticipate that being spread according to historical revenue spreads in the quarter?
David Bernstein :  Of course it was related to existing bookings on November 7th, when we announced the program so it may not be spread between the second, third and fourth quarter in accordance with all revenues because the second quarter would have been more booked than the third and the fourth at that time.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia:  Okay, and again that was the 30 basis points of yield that reduced your yield a nickel for the full year, correct?
David Bernstein :  Correct.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia:  Second question is related to funding; you have some debt coming due; obviously you have got new builds of ships and you are always rolling over some of the debt. Historically you have been able to tap some export/import credit facilities. Given the state of the global credit markets, can you give us an update or some thoughts as to what you guys are working on from that perspective?
Micky Arison :
 : Sure. Basically weve completed in total ten Italian export credits, five of which are drawn and five are yet to be drawn. We had done two German, one has been drawn and one is yet to be drawn. In total for 2008 basically we have enough committed credit to make it through the balance of the year for the ship commitments and also the refunding.  It doesnt mean we are not potentially going to do some more opportunistic financing but we dont necessarily need to do anything for the balance of the year.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia:  What was the total of that and any terms on that type of debt, I mean your maturity range, interest rates?
Micky Arison :
 : This is clearly where our A minus rating is of great benefit to us. We are hearing obviously from banks and others that makes it much, much easier to continue to do deals with us at very, very favorable rates. So these are the times were our stubbornness about maintaining ratings really has helped us.
David Bernstein:
 : As far as your maturities and rates, typically the export credits as you can see in the financials have been 12 year amortizing loans and some of the ones that we have drawn have actually all started with a four in terms of the interest rate; something between like 450 and 475. The future ones are in the same general region; some a little higher, some a little lower but all starting with the four.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia:  Whats the total David of the five drawn and five undrawn?
David Bernstein:   I dont remember the exact figure but most them are roughly around 350 million per loan on average.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia:  Micky, again, the A minus credit rating is sweet. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch. 
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. With growing capacity in Europe it seems that there is some concern from the agents on the availability and pricing of airfares or air fare lists from U.S. to Europe. Do you share that concern and is there anything you can do to offset any negative impact?
Micky Arison :   Yes, we do share that concern; on the other hand we do have committed on our air seat programs committed air seats and committed air prices on our air seat program and we are fine in that area. Where we are a little bit concerned is people historically have purchased their own air and whether they would be able to get them at reasonable prices. We are not as concerned about availability as we are cost, and hopefully it just doesnt take too many people out of the marketplace.  As Howard reported, as of right now our booking situation is pretty good and so while its a concern it hasnt seemed to have impacted us very much.
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch:  I see. As a follow on to the pricing trends, it seems that of all the regions Caribbean seems to be doing the best, obviously there are some easy comps there, but does it change the way you think about your seat allocations for the next few years? Could we see some capacity moving back to the Caribbean or are you better off to moving it into Europe or other emerging markets?
Micky Arison :   While the Caribbean has rebounded, I think its clear that yields are much higher in Europe and Alaska than they are in the Caribbean. I doubt that you will see movement any differently than you have seen for the last year or so.
Howard S. Frank:   And understand that that a lot of those decisions are done on a brand-by-brand basis and those executives look at the yield and their different itineraries and try to combo what they think is the right mix between Caribbean, Alaska, Europe and other.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tim Ramskill - Dresdner. 
Tim Ramskill - Dresdner:  Obviously there is some uncertainty surrounding the fuel surcharges you have discussed today, but can you just give us some indication whether you would consider extending the size of the fuel surcharge given where the oil price is?  Secondly just to be clear in terms of your reduction in net yield guidance by 1 percentage point, how much of that is due to retail onboards and how much is due to not being able to recognize currently the fuel supplement? 
Howard S. Frank:  Because of the sensitivity of our discussions with the Attorney Generals Office, wed rather not talk too much about the issue of what were going to do going forward until weve concluded those discussions. As far as the impact, Ill turn it over to David.
David Bernstein :  We reduced overall guidance by 1%. I had said before 0.3 percentage points was due to the fuel supplement and the other 0.7 points was due to the changes we made as Howard indicated in ticket, revenue yields, as well as onboard revenue yield.
Howard S. Frank:  But, the large piece of it was onboard.
Micky Arison :
 : Also important to reiterate that weve increased yield guidance on an actual basis so when analysts are comparing our constant dollars to someone elses actuals if they increase it, its probably because of currency as well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [inaudible] Conde Asset Management. 
Unidentified Analyst: Can you just reiterate- did you purchase any shares in the quarter or no?
Howard S. Frank:  We did purchase early in the quarter about $82 million worth of shares.
Unidentified Analyst: Has the economic environment changed enough to make you rethink any of your ship delivery schedules or potential timeframe for additional orders?
Micky Arison :
 : No, were continuously talking to the yards about delivery times and depending on the needs of the various brands so you may see minor tweaks, a month here or a month there but overall Id answer that no.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Leibowitz - Burmingham. 
David Leibowitz - Burmingham:  Firstly, what about retirement of vessels that are within the fleets, or moving them to joint ventures or things of that nature, is there anything we can talk to, to that point?
Micky Arison :   There are no plans at the current time to retire any ships or put them into a joint venture. As you know, David, we acquired 75% of Ibero Cruises last year and we have moved one of the older Carnival ships into that venture, The Celebration, and there will be a second ship to go into that business in 2009. Some of the older, smaller ships if we can find good buyers for them because its really de minimus actually in terms of what we are talking about in terms of our own capacity.
Howard S. Frank:   There are only about five or six ships that were built prior to 1988 in our fleet. Its a small number.
David Leibowitz - Burmingham:  When the new Panama Canal is hopefully completed in either in 2011 or 2012, is that going to change your itineraries as a consequence?
Howard S. Frank:   Well, they will clearly give more flexibility to the post-Panamax ships particularly the ones that are on the West Coast. I dont think it will be a major issue for us, but it will give us greater flexibility to move post-Panamax, what is presently post-Panamax ships from one coast to the other the way we do Panamax ships now.
David Leibowitz - Burmingham:  Thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research:  Congratulations on very good results in a tough environment. Can you give us some more color as to the booking trends by European passengers? Obviously a big percentage of your source markets and it is my understanding that they dont fall as neatly into wave season and the trends that we see in North America. And again you mentioned that some of the weakness from the U.S. economy is spreading into Europe. Have you seen any specific evidence or you are just being cautious?
Howard S. Frank:  Assia, let me handle the last question. We had seen some evidence but it is very recent of the slowdown a little bit similar to what we have seen in North America and Europe. Whether its economic driven or otherwise is not clear. Having said that, to respond to your first question, our booking in Europe has been very, very strong and are significantly up year-on-year. We have several new ships entering service as I indicated, booking are strong for those ships. I think we are in quite good shape in Europe but in kind of forecasting out yields as I indicated, even though we are ahead in some cases on European yields right now or European pricing, our brands are suggesting, given the patterns that we are seeing in Europe that we will be coming relatively flat on yields in Europe by the time these quarters are closed.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research:  Alaska doesnt seem to be doing so well this year and if I recall last year wasnt that strong. Any specific reason or just cyclicality there?
Micky Arison :
 : Alaska is doing fine, it was doing fine last year. I think part of the issue is that summer demand has skewed more towards Europe and I think it has been an issue. The $50 head tax I think has been an issue. Clearly Alaska is not growing the way other markets are growing and I think it has been impacted by the $50 head tax. I suspect that it will continue not to grow at the pace of other premium markets like Europe based on that and other factors. Obviously you do have to position the ships through the Panama Canal to Alaska and I think the companies have been conservative in doing that based on what happened with the referendum.  But overall its fine, I mean it continues to be a very, very good premium market for us.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Reid - Land Bank. 
Mark Reid - Land Bank:  Can you say anything about your bookings visibility? Are you finding that people are booking later in now perhaps in the last couple of months as there is greater uncertainty in their lives and what does that mean for Q4 going into 2009? The second question is source markets within the U.S. economy, are you seeing any regional imbalances for instance, is Florida much weaker than California? 
Micky Arison :   First of all, our booking curve is as far out as it has ever been historically and that has been the case since about the middle of last year. And it hasnt come in at all as far we can tell. Anecdotally we are ahead in the fourth quarter, anecdotally we are ahead in the first quarter of 09, so the booking curve is as far out as it has ever been. A lot of what we are saying unfortunately relates to reading the Wall Street Journal and other newspapers. Clearly we are more concerned about Florida than California because of that. The housing situation in those markets is far worse than anywhere else in the country, I think. So, we are impacted by all of this; we are impacted by what happens in the market; we are impacted by Bear Stearns and you call tell based on what we are talking about. The reality is the bottom line our booking pattern is as Howard described it and our booking is as good as it has ever been. So, we will continue to truck along here.
Howard S. Frank:   By the way, Southern California housing is also in a pretty significant decline right now following Florida and we havent seen in terms of our California sailings any significant issue at this point.
Mark Reid - Land Bank:  On Cosomo, what the update is, when that port will be reopened?
Micky Arison :   Last I heard is we are about a month or two ahead of schedule. We predicted a fall of 08 opening and I think right now it looks like early fall. That will give us a nice boost in the Caribbean, actually.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Bob Simonson - William Blair. 
Bob Simonson - William Blair:  Good morning. Just a couple of numbers questions. Do you have an update or any change in your expectations for interest and deprecation this year?
Beth Roberts :   Interest should be towards the lower end of our original guidance range which was 360 to 380. D&A is also towards the low end of our previous guidance range of $1.290 billion to $1.310 billion.
Bob Simonson - William Blair:  How about CapEx for this year and next?
Beth Roberts :   CapEx is $3.2 billion for 08 and $3.5 billion for 09.
Bob Simonson - William Blair:  Very good. Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol. 
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol : First of all, can you talk to the elements of controllable costs that provide a favorable outlook for the balance of the year? It looks like you front loaded your dry-dock costs, is that contributing to it? The second speaks to Mickys comment about the conservatism. Is it time given your valuation in dividend yield which is not too far off from your financing costs to consider a more aggressive repo? Thank you.
David Bernstein:   Well, as far as the costs are concerned, the dry-docks its not that we are front loading it has to just do with scheduling of the dry-dock and there generally isnt much scheduling in the third quarter because that is of course the strongest season for us. So youve got a lot more dry-dock scheduled in the first quarter and it was up $21 million. Thats one of the reasons.  Basically, if you actually look over the year we had indicated the controllable costs in the first quarter were relatively flat and in the second quarter the same thing and for the full year. So the controllable costs are relatively flat for all four quarters of the year.
Howard S. Frank:   Rick, to some degree we benefit from the fleet expansion as well as the larger ships coming into the fleet which have better cost metrics.
Micky Arison :   Particularly in Europe where the scale effect is bigger because the brand is smaller, it has a bigger scale effect for us.
David Bernstein:   And weve got all of the operating units out there looking at costs saving measures in every respect whether it would be in food or other areas where they can without any noticeable service change, reduce costs on an ongoing basis.  As far as the buyback program is concerned, we have said publicly before that we are going to be opportunistic in buying back shares but within our current credit rating. As you can see in todays credit market with the way the world is going today having a strong credit rating as Micky indicated before is a top priority given our financing needs. We have been able to utilize that strong credit rating to complete all the financing we need for this year.  So in todays world our A- is even more important to us than it was ever before and so we will continue to look at a buyback program. Were going to focus and make sure we maintain that credit rating and continue to evaluate that over time.
Micky Arison :   Otherwise Rick you are 100% right.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz with Burmingham. 
David Leibowitz - Burmingham:  Quickly, the shore excursion part of the cruise  not shore excursion, but the short part of the cruise tours where the passengers are spending a few days pre or post are they improving for you as a source of revenue? Or are you finding that the tightening in the overall economy is affecting that part of the business?
Micky Arison :   I am not aware of an issue on cruise shore bookings. Its obviously early to tell because we dont get into that business in anyway until the end of May, but advanced bookings, as far as I know, are basically on par with expectations and we were good last year. I really cant comment on that. We may be in a better position to talk about that at the end of the third quarter but right now we dont see anything.
David Leibowitz - Burmingham:  Also the premium, the luxury end of the business. Is there more you could be doing beyond just having one new ship coming in for Seaborne?
Howard S. Frank:   its important to understand that the luxury market is a very small market. I mean a lot of times you get analysts who kind of compare luxury cruise product to what is perceived to be luxury hotel product like Four Seasons and Ritz-Carlton. Its really not. I mean the luxury cruise market is up there with [Hotel du Comp] and the very upper end of boutique hotels that cost $1,000 plus per day. Of course even Ritz-Carlton has conventions, meetings which doesnt exist in the luxury cruise product. Sts a very small market, so growing it by one ship per year for Seaborne, for example, is a pretty aggressive growth rate and if a lot of the luxury competitors jump into that and grow it, well find ourselves struggling.  The reality is when we made that decision, no one in the luxury market had announced a new build for a very long period of time and in fact ships were withdrawn; Radisson Seven Seas at the time withdrew a ship, Crystal withdrew a ship. So, the reality is its a market that has in my opinion great potential for a very, very small segment and we have to grow it cautiously and the industry has to grow it cautiously.
Howard S. Frank:   And if you think about it, because the new Seaborne ships are more than twice as large in terms of capacity as the older ships we are tripling the size of the fleet in three years, which is pretty aggressive.
David Leibowitz - Burmingham:  Thank you very much.
Micky Arison :   I should say though that early booking indications are really excellent. We are really very pleased with the early indications for Seaborne Odyssey, she is booking beautifully.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edward Stanford - Cazenove. 
Edward Stanford - Cazenove:  On the accounting treatment of the $40 million, if and when the Florida Court makes a decision do you just write it back in the quarter in which the decision was made? Secondly I think you alluded to perhaps the first signs of weakness in some of the European brands. Is that more present in volume of bookings or is it in onboard spend? If you could give us a little more color on that please.
David Bernstein:   As far as the $40 million is concerned, first of all there is no court involved. The discussions have been with the Florida Attorney General and they are ongoing. If there was a decision that would allow us to continue with the bookings we would recognize those that we did not recognize in February at the time we reached an agreement with the Florida Attorney General.
Micky Arison :
 : What is in question is only those bookings that were on our books prior to November 6. There is now no question about all the bookings after November 7. So the $40 million refers to the bookings that were on our books prior to November 6 and we will either be able to take that into income or not; were taking the conservative approach at this point and not until there is a final determination from our discussions with the AGs office.
Howard S. Frank:   And then on the issue with weakness in Europe or some signs of weakness its really very early and its very inconsistent and it can vary significantly by each of the major markets. Some market continues to be quite strong, others seem to be moderating, and week in and week out because we are so close to it you do not want to be overly influenced in terms of what you see in terms of the current booking pattern, because it may not hold up for a while. So you may find that it could strengthen. During this pre-Easter period its very difficult to determine whether some of this is as a result of the early Easter and people focusing on the holiday which does happen as opposed to any real weakness that is going on.  So, I think we will have a better sense of it but I think our business managers in each of the European businesses basically are forecasting out good yields based on what they think is going to happen. That is the best information we have right now.
Micky Arison :   You have to put this context that our occupancy right now is about flat, our yields are about flat and we have a huge increase in capacity; 20 plus percent increase and the industry has a 20 plus increase in capacity here. So Id venture to say that Europe is performing beautifully but again we are really impacted I think by everything we read.  I would say that we are a little bit aware of a slight pressure on cost which is in effect our contemporary European brand has had a little bit of weakness in onboard, similar to contemporary North American brands. But again, the booking pattern in Europe has been extremely strong when you consider the amount of capacity thats been added this year.
Howard S. Frank:
 : Bookings are substantially up year-on-year, on an absolute basis.
David Bernstein:
 : Yeah, and they are even on a capacity adjusted.
Edward Stanford - Cazenove:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus:  I might be over analyzing this, but when you look at the onboard spending and some of the weakness there, is it across the board in terms of all categories, or do you have the data to see that its more of the high end stuff, the spas, that kind of stuff? Can you just comment on that?
Micky Arison :
 : The reality is that its pretty much across the board as I said before. We have seen more deterioration in something like art auctions, as I said and less with shore excursion, but we are talking percentage points. I mean, it is just 1% very, very small movements in all of these things. I guess we were spoiled by this inflation plus a little bit consistency year over year over year and now that were not getting it in some brands we thought we should alert everybody, but its pretty much across the board.
David Bernstein :  But understand its more focused, its more of an issue in the contemporary products, on products other than the premium.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steve Searl - Conning Asset Management. 
Steve Searl - Conning Asset Management : From a capital planning perspective, are you assuming that these convertible bonds that are puttable this year are going to be put back to you?
David Bernstein:   We have been prepared if they are put. We actually have two of them that are puttable to us in April, the 2% puttable on April 15th. The hypers are puttable on April 29th, and if you looked at our 10-K filing, we signed up a $1.5 billion revolver so that if they are put we have the available liquidity to pay the put, and so we are ready. But the assumption or actually the put right is in the hands of the holders and we will leave it up to them.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tim Conder - Wachovia. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia:  Once you pass those puts, those two primary put provisions I think you have another one in October. But once you pass those and say there is no put occurring, would you potentially be more aggressive at that point assuming no change in everything else in your stock price and repurchasing stock?
David Bernstein:   At that point in time I would still have to reiterate what I said before relative to the stock buyback program is that our rating is incredibly important to us and allows us the access to the banks and the capital markets. We will buyback within the context to the rating and that we continually look at that and evaluate it over time.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia:  Whats your anticipated fuel usage? Can I have an update for 2008 as a whole? In the quarter its not that much, but your tax of benefit was a little bit larger; anything going on there on a year-over-year basis?
David Bernstein:   As far as the tax is concerned, typically in the first quarter we do have a benefit from the tour operations because of course those are very seasonal and pretty much shutdown in the wintertime. So, you get a benefit from there. But in addition to that, on top of that, with some of our Italian subsidiaries, we had a merger and we were able to recognize some tax benefits as a result of that so thats the increase in the quarter.  We will take one more question, one more caller.
Beth Roberts :   And the fuel usage was 3.260 million metric ton for the year.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time.
Howard S. Frank: Thank you all very much. We look forward to seeing you all soon. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-12-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard Frank - VC and COO David Bernstein - SVP and CFO Micky Arison - Chairman and CEO Beth Roberts - VP of IR
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Robin Farley - UBS Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities Tim Conder - Wachovia Securities Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley Hakan Ipekci -Merrill Lynch Mark Greenberg - AIM Fund Edward Stanford - Cazenove David Leibowitz  Burnham Scott Barry - Credit Suisse Bart Glenn - AIM Investments
Operator: Welcome tothe Carnival Corporation's Fourth Quarter Year End Conference Call. (OperatorInstructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday,December 20, 2007. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. HowardFrank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Frank: Good morning. Good morning, everyone. This is Howard Frankand with me this morning here in Miamiis Micky Arison, Chairman and CEO of Carnival Corporation, David Bernstein, SeniorVP and CFO, and Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations. To start off the discussion this morning, David will giveyou some color on the fourth quarter of 2007 and talk a little bit about ourcost metrics going forward into 2008 and then he will turn it back over to meand I will discuss our outlook for 2008. David?
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. I will begin the conference call byreading the forward-looking statement which we have done in the past. Duringthis conference call we will make certain forward-looking statements. Suchforward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties orother factors which may cause the actual results, performances or achievementsof Carnival to be materially different from any future results performances orachievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forfurther information please see Carnival's earnings press release and itsfilings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For the fourth quarter 2007 our EPS was $0.44 per share, andthis compares to $0.51 per share for 2006. For the full year, our earnings pershare was a record $2.95 in comparison to 2006, which was $2.77. Our EPS forthe fourth quarter came in at the high end of our previous guidance and thisresulted from stronger pricing on bookings taken close to the departure, whichwas partially offset by higher than expected fuel expense. Looking more closely at our fourth quarter operatingresults. Our capacity increased 7.5% with the majority of the increase going toour European brand. Net revenue yields in current dollars increase 4.9% for thequarter. In constant dollars, which eliminates the effects of currency ratechanges, net revenue yield increased 1.1%. This was higher than the previousguidance we gave which we said would be flat for the quarter. And as I said amoment ago, we saw a stronger pricing on close-in booking. Overall in the fourth quarter, we saw yield improvements inour North American brands driven by the continued recovery in the Caribbean which was somewhat offset by lower yields inconstant dollars in our European brands. However, keep in mind that Europeanbrands are still achieving solid results, despite the lower yields operatingincome in constant dollars for our European brands was up for the quarter. I am also glad to report that Chinese yields improvedsignificantly in the fourth quarter as they did in the third quarter, driven byboth price and occupancy and this resulted again from the decision to shift oursourcing strategy for Costa Asia. On the cost side, our cruisecosts available per lower berth day in current dollars was up 12.4% in thefourth quarter. However, in constant dollars, cruise costs per lower berth daywere up 8.4%. Fuel prices this year were higherthan the fourth quarter last year and that cost us about $90 million extradollars. Dry-dock timing that benefited usearlier in the year turned around in the fourth quarter as we expected to thetune of $19 million. Therefore, excluding dry-dock and fuel and in constantdollars cruise cost per available lower berth day was up 3.4%. This was drivenby some significant inflationary pressures in food, wages, crew, travel andother areas. As I said before, the best measure of cruise costs are on anannual basis and I will touch on that in a moment. For the full year 2007, our EPS,as I said, was $2.95, which by the way was within original guidance that wegave a year ago of $2.90 to $3.10 per share. There were lots of pluses andminuses from this guidance. So, one of the main drivers for the differencebetween the actual results and the midpoint to the guidance was fuel, which wasworth $0.08 per share, as our actual fuel cost came in at $361 per metric tonversus last year's guidance of $339 per metric ton. For 2007, our capacity was up 8.4%. Net revenue yields incurrent dollars was up 2.2%. In constant dollars they were down 0.7% and thatwas driven by the results in the first half of 2007. The yield results werealso within the range of our guidance that we gave one year ago of flat to downslightly. [Ticket] yields in constant dollars was down 1.8% and thatwas also driven by the results in the first half. However, keep in mind thatthe sale of Swan Hellenic and Windstar branddecreased our [ticket] yields by 0.4% as these brands achieved higher yields onaverage. The sale of Swan Hellenic and Windstar willcontinue to affect our year-over-year comparisons through the second quarter of2008. On the other hand, onboard and other yields in constant dollars was up3%. As I indicated before, the best measure of cruise costchanges are on an annual basis. The cruise cost per available lower berth dayin constant dollars was up 1.7% for the year. Excluding fuel, and again inconstant dollars, they were up 1% for 2007. So, our controllable expenses grewat a rate of 1%, which is significantly less than the overall rate ofinflation. We've seen inflationary pressures in food, wages, crew travel andother areas, much of which we have been able to offset during the year throughincreased efficiency. Before I turn to the outlook, let me talk a little bit aboutour use of free cash flow. During the fourth quarter of 2007, we closed onIberocruceros joint venture investing $402 million. We repurchased 5 millionshares of stock at a cost of $220 million and increased our dividend by $0.05per or the equivalent of $0.20 per share on an annual basis. This brings the cumulative amount of share repurchases anddividend increases over the last three years to 36 million shares repurchasedat a cost of $1.6 billion, and increases in annual dividends of $1 per sharefrom $0.60 to $1.50 on an annual basis. As we look forward, we expect to continue to return excesscash to shareholders by increasing the dividends inline with earnings growthand by opportunistically repurchasing shares, but always within the context ofmaintaining our A-/A3 credit rating. Turning to our fourth quarter outlook. I will skip the net revenueyields as Howard will discuss that in a few moments. On the cash side cruisecosts per available lower berth day in current dollars is expected to up 5.5% to6.5% for the full year. However, excluding fuel and in constant dollars, weexpect cost to be flat to down slightly. For the full year, based on the forward curve, fuel pricesare projected to be $486 per metric ton, and so for 2008 we see additional costof $409 million or $0.50 a share. You could now better understand why we wentahead and announced the fuel supplement for 2008. However, overall for 2008 we are forecasting ourcontrollable unit expenses excluding fuel and currency to be flat to down slightly,following a pretty good year in 2007 and exceeding our long-term target of unit[cost] quarterbetween flat and one-half [installation]. And looking at 2008, there are some positive and negativethings that will affect our costs. On the negative side, there are still somepretty good amount of inflationary pressure on such items as food and wages.But this should be offset on the positive side by capacity increases. With much of the capacity going to our European brands whichgenerally are in smaller size than our North American brands, this will allowus to achieve larger economies of scale from the capacity addition. However, alsoon the negative side, fuel prices remain volatile. So, on balance, assuming no unforeseencircumstances or events, we are optimistic that we can continue our excellentrecord of cost control in 2008. At this point I will turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard Frank: Thank you, David. Before I move to our outlook for 2008, Iwanted to tell you what an extraordinary celebration we had last week at thenaming ceremony for the new Queen Victoria.It was in Southampton, England. Camilla Parker Bowles, theDuchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles christened the new Queen Victoria in front ofseveral thousand guests. The event received worldwide media coverage and willprovide significant benefits to Cunard brand for many years to come. As you know, earlier this year we announced the venerable QE2will retire at the end of 2008. And we contracted to build the new Queen Elizabethwhich will be delivered in 2010, actually the replacement ship but somewhatlarger than the QE2. We are delighted with the performance of Cunard Line, Ishould add and brand fully global and its market reach. It's well positioned atthe high-end of the cruise market on both sides of the Atlanticand we are confident we can grow this brand profitably in the future. I would also like to highlight another important businessstrategy that we touched on in the press release, and which we believe will haveboth short term and long-term benefits to the company. Last week we announcedthe sizing up of our China, Asia deployment for 2009, the Costa Classica whichcan carry up to 1,680 passengers, would be moved to the Asia market in thespring of 2009 to join the Costa Allegra which has been in Asia for a couple ofyears now. The Classica will be moved in tothe China market and the Allegrawill be moved to Singaporeand operate cruises throughout Southeast Asia.We have been encouraged by the very positive response we are receiving fromthese new markets and believe that as we expand our footprint in Asia, we can establish ourselves as one of the leadingvacation companies in this increasingly important part of the world. While I'min that part of the world, below the equator, Australia and New Zeeland has alsobecome an increasingly important market for us. But to continue the strengtheningof the Australiaeconomy, we have sized up the P&O Australian fleet through the addition ofthe Pacific Dawn in November of 2007, which formerly was the Regal Princess.This larger ship will replace the older and smaller Pacific Star, which hasbeen sold into Europe and to a European touroperator. Also in November 2007, the SunPrincess was moved to year-round deployment in the Australia and Asian market, and theAustralia New Zealand market. Both the Pacific Dawn and the Sun Princess hadbeen well received and booking have been strong.  Now turning to 2008, in addition to theQueen Victoria, several new ships will be entering service in 2008, let me justreview those with you. In April P&O's Venturathe first 3000 passenger ship fully dedicated to the U.K. market will be introduced, theAIDA Bella, the second AIDA, [LIBA] class ship for the German speaking marketwill also begin selling in April. However, Americas Eurodam will enter service in earlyJuly and stay in Europe. Carnival CruiseLine's newest ship, the Carnival Splendor will also enter service in July anduntil at least initially, the Northern European itineraries, and later in thefall of 2008, the Princess Cruise line and will be Princess will be introduced.So, all-in-all, there are five new ships for 2008 [employment].  With these new deliveries fleet-wide, capacity for 2008 isexpected to increase by approximately 9%, with North American brand capacity up3.4% and Europe brand capacity up 21.7%.Included in that 21.7% is Ibero cruises which represents 1.6% of the overallincrease of 9%, but this 1.6% of the 9% -- you Ibero out of it, our overallcapacity increase is 7.4% for the year for the entire group. Looking at the booking picture for all the 2008 across thefleet, we are now five points ahead, these are occupancy points, ahead of 2007and that's on a capacity adjusted basis. So the booking picture is quite strongat this time, and ticket pricing for these bookings are 7.5% higher than a yearago. On a constant dollar or a local currency basis, that would be 4.3% ahead.Although we have a 9% capacity increase in 2008, we have less inventory at thistime left to sell through the reminder of the year. While North American brands bookings and pricing are wellahead of last year and we are focusing on a strong increase in North Americanrevenue yield for 2008, pace of Caribbeanbookings has been strong with higher pricing, and we expect strong growth inNorth American Caribbean yield in the year. Our European brands bookings patterns for 2008 sailingscontinue to remain strong, with occupancy and pricing running nicely ahead oflast year, on a capacity adjusted basis. We are currently forecasting netrevenue yields for European brands to be higher year-over-year, largely becauseof the forecasted strength of the European currency against the dollar. On alocal currency basis we are expecting flat yields, which given the 21.7%increase in European brand capacity is an excellent result for us.  So, all-in-all, the booking picture looks quite strong for2008, and we are currently forecasting net revenue yields on a corporate-widebasis to increase 4.5% to 5.5%, and on a local currency basis in the range of3% to 4%. This assumes a Euro rate of a $1.44 and pound rate of 2.02 for the2008.  As David commented earlier, our manageable costs are wellunder control, next year, however, based on the forward curve fuel prices areexpected to increase significantly. Effect of the increase in fuel prices willbe more profound in the first quarter of 2008 and will gradually even eachsucceeding quarter versus the 2007 year, when fuel prices gradually increase ineach successive quarter of 2007.  By using the forward curve, which is how we position thefuel going forward. In the first quarter, the fuel price increase will cost us$0.18 a share, in the second quarter $0.16 a share, in Q3 $0.11, and in Q4 $0.5or a total cost of fuel increase of $0.50 a share that David mentioned for2008. Some degree stronger Euro and Sterlingrevenues have helped to mitigate the increase in fuel prices. So at least tothis degree we have had a partial hedge against fuel price increases, and ofcourse the recently instituted fuel supplement for our U.S. brands togetherwith a fuel supplements implemented by our European brands also serves tomitigate a portion of our fuel price increases. So summing it all up for 2008, we expect to have strongrevenue yield improvements, somewhat offset by higher fuel prices and withother manageable cost to be flat in constant dollars year-over-year. And basedon this, as we indicated in the press release, we are presently guidingearnings per share in the range of $3.10 to $3.30 for the entire year of 2008.  Now let me give you some color oneach of the three quarters. Overall capacity for first quarter is expected toincrease by 10.6%. In North America, our fleetcapacity will be up 5.7% in the first quarter. Caribbeanrepresents approximately 62% of North American first quarter inventory versus68% a year ago. So we are a down about six points. The balances spread of other itinerary spread amongst theMexican Riviera, Panama Canal, and variouslong and exotic cruises. The Caribbean andvirtually all other trades are showing higher year-over-year prices. So thistime booked occupancies are approximately two points ahead year-over-year, andpricing as well ahead of last year. So there is very little inventory left tosell to close out the first quarter, and we expect that pricing for all NorthAmerican brands will be nicely higher year-over-year. In Europe, our capacity is up 21% year-over-year in thefirst quarter, the 38% of Europe capacity in the Caribbean which isapproximately the same as last year, 12% and world cruises are down from 15% ayear ago, 22% is in Europe, which was down 24%from a year ago and the balances in various other itineraries.  It's a good time, Europe occupancies in the first quarterare up a little over two points year-over-year and pricing is higher, despitethe 21% capacity increase in the quarter, Europebrand bookings have been strong, and we expect first quarter yields to behigher over 2007 in the range of flat on a local currency basis. As indicated in the press release on a corporate wide basis,we expect net revenue yields in the first quarter to increase in the range of6.5% to 7.5% and 4% to 5% on a local currency basis. Costs are expected toincrease by approximately 12.5% to 13.5%, and 10% to 11% on a local currencybasis. Cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to increase in the firstquarter about 2% on a local currency basis. In addition, a few higher firstquarter costs are larger, the result of the timing of drive backward andcertainly other expenses. As previously mentioned, fuelprice increases are expected to have the biggest impact in the first quarter,and that will cost us about $0.18 a share, based on the forward curve rightnow. As a result, we are guiding earnings for the first quarter in the range of$0.29 to $0.31 a share versus $0.35 a year ago.  Turning to the second quarter,our fleet-wide second quarter capacity is up approximately 8%. For our NorthAmerican brand second quarter capacity is up 2.1%. North American brand's Caribbean capacity is 52% of second quarter capacity,which is down from 55% in the 2007. [Mexican] really earns about 13% versus 11%a year ago, with the remaining North Americacapacity spread amongst the various other trades.  At this time, North Americanbrand occupancies in the second quarter are running six points ahead of lastyear on a capacity adjusted basis, with pricing also nicely up year-over-year.Based on the strength of second quarter bookings, we are currently forecastingthat yield in the second quarter for North American brand will be in line withthe increases that we are now forecasting for the or guiding for the firstquarter of 2008.  Turning to Europe,our European brand capacity in the second quarter is up 23% year-over-year.European brand cruises are [57%] in Europe versus 52% a year ago, 16% in theCaribbean possibly the same as last year and the balance spread in variousother itineraries. At this time, European brand occupancies are higher by aboutone point on a capacity adjusted basis with pricing also higher year-over-yeareven with between 23% capacity increase that I referred to.  Similar to the first quarter, weare forecasting second quarter European yield to be significantly higher thanon a local currency basis to be flat approximately flat year-over-year. Oncorporate wide basis for the second quarter, we are estimating that increase innet yields will be approximately the same level as we are now guiding for thefirst quarter of 2008.  Turning to the third quarter, fleet wide capacity in thethird quarter is expected to increase by 8.8%, and while booking trends in thethird quarter are quite encouraging, it's still really early and we have a longway to go before the quarter closes out and I add that as a word of caution. North American brand capacity up 1.5%, in the third quarterapproximately 37% of that capacity is Caribbean, which is down from 41% in2007, 29% in Alaska which is approximately thesame as last year, 22% in Europe which is upfrom 18% last year, and the balance in various other itineraries.  Although it's still early, the third quarter in NorthAmerican booking pattern is very encouraging; bookings are seven points aheadwith pricing currently flat year-over-year. Although it's still early given theyear-over-year improvement in occupancies, we are optimistic that we will havesolid yield improvements for North American brands in the third quarter.  European brand capacity is up 24.3% year-over-year in thethird quarter, primarily in the U.K.with the addition of Cunard's New Queen Victoria and P&O's Venturaand in Germanywith the addition of AIDA Bella to the AIDA fleet. Approximately 95% ofEuropean brand fleet itineraries are in European waters in the third quarter. CurrentlyEuropean occupancies are three points -- seven points ahead year-over-year, andpricing is running well ahead of last year on a capacity adjusted basis.Similar to Q1 and Q2, we are forecasting high yields for our European brand andflat yields on a local currency basis. As I mentioned, it's still earlier in the pattern, we have along way to go before [the] quarter closes, but the early booking trends areencouraging and based on this, we are forecasting increased third quarter yieldby the time the third quarter closes. And with those comments, operator, I am going to turn itback to you to open the floor for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). A moment please for the firstquestion and it comes from the line of Ms. FeliciaHendrix, Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Hi. Good morning, guys. I have a few questions on these fuelsurcharges. The first is, Howard, I know that fuel surcharges get implemented startingthis February. So, for the full year the net yield guidance that you havegiven, does that include these surcharges or not?
Howard Frank: Yes it includes. It includes all revenue including therevenue we get from the fuel supplements. Yeah.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Supplements. Sorry, so
Howard Frank: It's all inclusive number. That's correct.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: So is there a way to indicate to us or to give us sometransparency, the breakout, kind of what the real yields are versus thesupplement?
Howard Frank: Not really, because when the brands actually put the fuel supplementinto their numbers, they just gave us guidance based on the overall revenuenumbers, the yield revenue numbers they expect to get. So, while itincorporates the fuel supplements, there is no way you are really knowing as tohow much of the fuel supplement will actually capture in the overall yieldnumber. Because it may be that there could become deterioration in yield as aresult of putting a fuel supplement in terms of overall yield. So, there is noway knowing. All we can tell you is what the overall yield improvement is goingto look like.
Micky Arison: Felicia, this is Micky. We could also tell you that if wecollect the full fuel supplement from every passenger it would equate to about1.5% of the yield improvement.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. But, that's assuming the full 14 days, is that whatyou mean?
Micky Arison: Yeah, correct.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Yeah.
Micky Arison: Based on the booking pattern, the brands give us an overallrevenue and they don't make the attempt to breakout what is various pieces ofthe revenue going forward. It's impossible to tell because the reality is whenyou bake it together and charge your customer you charge him one price.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Right. But, it's fair to say just based on what you said,assuming the full, it's probably something less than 1.5% in reality correct?
Micky Arison: It can't be something more.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers : Right, right.
Micky Arison: It can only be 1.5% or something less.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers : Okay, just clarifying. And then also when you all gave theEPS impact for fuel each quarter, that's also inclusive, that's after thesupplement?
Micky Arison: Supplement is in the revenue, it has nothing to do with thecost.
Howard Frank: It's separate from the book revenue.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers : Okay, so the $0.50 number is separate?
Micky Arison: Correct.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers : Okay, and then absorb therefore in the revenue line, so it'snet-net all there. Okay, that's it. Thanks.
Micky Arison: You're welcome.
Howard Frank: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Robin Farley fromUBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley - UBS : Thanks. Yeah, just some, I guess one quick clarification onthe fuel supplement. Internally your expectations for yields go up by a 0.5since you introduced the fuel surcharge.
Micky Arison: No, I think we just explained that. The various brand basedon their booking pattern gave us the overall
Robin Farley - UBS : So, I realize it's in your guidance. I just wondered whatyou would have said internally that expectations you are collecting before youannounced this surcharge if they changed. In another words your internalexpectations did change.
Micky Arison: No.
Howard Frank: No, we are probably not sure as we answer, because we don'tknow.
Micky Arison: Each brand did their own forecast based on their bookingpattern and each brand may have had different expectations at the time weannounced it, but overall
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. So, in another words, you don't know whether that wasadded in or not. You are not comparing to an expectation before your fuelsurcharge announcement?
Howard Frank: That's right.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. So...
Howard Frank: That's fair.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. So, that clarifies. Thanks. And then also I want...
Howard Frank: I want an answer for this North America,yields or overall...
David Bernstein: Overall.
Micky Arison: Overall, overall.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. And then can you comment on the proposals for potentialchange and sabotage, how that could effect cruises that touch on Hawaii?
Micky Arison: The present proposal that customs and border patrol has askedus to comment on would require -- basically would not enable us to operate thepresent itineraries from Southern California to Hawaii and we are making those comments rightnow. I mean, basically right now they are targeting 15 day round trip cruisesfrom Southern California to Hawaii.The negative impact will be devastating to Los Angelesand particularly San Diego.If it applies beyond Hawaii it would also bedevastating to places like Seattle, Key West and other US ports.  In all those situations, though, we have alternative itinerariesthat we can operate. So, the real damage will be felt in US ports. We even havea letter for the Visitors and Convention authority in Hawaiithat positions it as the negative for Hawaii.So, the reality is there are alternative itineraries. Clearly, if they supplybeyond Hawaii we could operate from Vancouver instead of Seattleas we did in the past. Or we can operate these cruises out of Ensenada as we did in the past. So, there arealternatives for us, but it unfortunately put some US ports out of business.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Savnerwith Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 
Michael Savner - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Good morning. Thanks. Two questions, if that's okay. First,can you talk a little bit more about your confidence in the European market,waiting beyond given significant capacity increases? Obviously, it's been areal sustainable market for you in recent years offsetting the Caribbean. But yields are showing some signs of maturityand is this, maybe I would ask differently, what evidence is there that thereis still an enormous untapped market or have the days have real solid yieldincreases, maybe as that set aside for a little while the market digest the newcapacity?
Howard Frank: I think, Michael, if you are growing your markets, andbroadly speaking by high teens or 20% and you can achieve, let's say, flatyields on a year-over-year basis, you are doing very, very well. You probablydon't even need to try, the yield managers in those markets don't even try toget higher yields. They are happy to get the flat yields and continue to growthe market. Because what happens in those businesses, of course, the costmetrics, as you expand your fleets and you are putting in larger ships, itgives you huge advantage from an operating line standpoint. So, the idea is, the strategy is, to grow those markets withmore capacity and then over time you will probably feel you've slowed thegrowth which you want. The markets are still rather immature, they are lessthen 1% penetrated with exception in the UKwhich are little bit over 1% compared to over 3% in the US. So, there is huge opportunityto grow in Europe. The demographics arestrong. The length of vacations that Europeans are taking is strong.The baby boomer generation is as evident in Europe as it is here in the US, interms of why our markets are so strong here in US right now for cruising. Sothat part of their market is growing as well, so it's just overall a verystrong market. But we are happy to get, I don't think we are striving toachieve substantial increase in yields here, we are happy to get same yields ifwe can achieve that. And I know you are right, we are benefiting also from thecurrency, but that's above and beyond what we need to do to get to make it workfor us.
Micky Arison: I don't agree with the whole premise of your question.Reality is we are growing with European brands and European markets at a veryrapid rate and the absorption has been virtually painless and its been anamazing story of how these brands have grown. And remember at the time of themerger, there was very little growth anticipated for those markets. P&O hadno new ships under contract, AIDA had new ships under contract, the only growthwas Costa, which was a brand on the Carnival side that was growing rapidly. Butwe made the decision at the time of the merger of taking advantage of reallythe unique brand positioning we had in Europe and leveraging those brands, andit's a strategy that has worked beautifully for us.
Michael Savner - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Thanks that's very helpful. I wasn't actually implying thatthe guidance was disappointing more. I just wanted get a sense of how you thinkabout the capacity and the yields overtime. So that answered that question.
Micky Arison: I think its also important to point out that in thisquarter we ordered two additional ships for Costa and two additional ships forAIDA, which shows a great deal of confidence in those market.
Michael Savner - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Moving over to TUI for a second, because that's still arelationship I believe you still have, but obviously RCL has taken off whereyou left off. They have taken over. You had said on your last conference callthat while, I think it was that, TUI isn't your biggest distributor in Germany,they are still a very important partner. How can we expect that to change if atall going forward with RCI having their new deal with TUI?
Micky Arison: First of all, I don't expect to change it all, but just togive a sense. For AIDA brand which obviously is our overwhelmingly largest Germanbrand, TUI owned retail offices, we don't deal with tour operators by the way,we don't deal with the TUI tour operator in Germany in AIDA. But their ownedretail operation represents 7% of our business. But we don't expect that tochange, and I can tell you that in the U.K. where Royal Caribbean has a JV withthe now TUI/First Choice retail distribution, they continue to sell all our UKbrands, and it's very common in Europe for retail distribution to sell all theproducts out there. So we don't see a problem.  I would like to comment on the concept of your question. Imean the concept we had with TUI, with utilizing the TUI brand and how we weregoing to do that is quite different than what's being proposed now. And there'sbeen a lot of commentary that basically RCI step into our shoes, but reality iswe had a deal with TUI that they would have taken 5% of our overall Germanbusiness building up to 25% and building on the back of our existinginfrastructure. The present JV is a 50-50 JV, similar to what is being donein the U.K.with First Choice. And at the time that we started to talking to TUI, AIDAbrand had three new ships, one old ship, and we were beginning to build andthis was two years ago. And the JV that RCI and TUI are talking about wouldhave its first ship earliest in '11 where AIDA would already be eight new shipfleet in a very, very strong market position in Germany. So, quite differentscenarios, I believe, the one common denominators both we and RCI saw anopportunity of leveraging the TUI brand and I think that's correct.
Michael Savner - Bancof AmericaSecurities:  Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from line Tim Conder withWachovia. Please go ahead.
Tim Conder - WachoviaSecurities: Thank you. A couple of questions. First of all, thanks youfor the clarification on Europe, I know thereis a lot of confusion out there among investors on that. But regarding Europe, what level would yields have to fall in currentdollars before your operating profit per available lower berth day would beflat?
David Bernstein : I don't think we know the answer to that question. 
Howard Frank : And I don't think we care, because we are forecasting slightyields in constant dollars and believe that's a very [chaste] forecast and theirbooking patterns are extremely strong right now. 
Tim Conder - WachoviaSecurities: Okay. I guess you are just asking the significance -- justsort of another way to ask global significance of leverage as you are gettingon the capacity growth over there. The other thing is related to theassumptions with the fuel surcharge. Micky, you gave us some color as to theyhad about 1.5% on yields assuming a 100%. Are you seeing any resistance at allto the fuel surcharge at this point?
Micky Arison: Sure. Obviously when you announce something like this youare going to have a certain percentage of people that are going to complaintabout it and are going to be unhappy about it. And I would say that that 99% ofboth travel agents and consumers accepted it with no issue, no problem. 1%probably sent us some level of complaint and one-tenth of 1% were vehement complainers. Now recognizing that we probably had 2 million people on thebooks, that's a lot of people, even one-tenth of 1%. But when you look atbooking patterns pre-installs the period of the surcharge, that's really withthe exception of a slight blip in cancellation thereafter was announced and Imean really slight blip, otherwise it went very, very smoothly, probably farbetter than we anticipated at the time of the announcement. 
Howard Frank : I won't -- Yes this is Howard. I went through thecancellations with one of the brands yesterday as a result of implementing afew supplements, and you can barely see the difference between last year'scancellation and this year's cancellation during the period. It's really de minimums.So, it's reallywell it seems to be  many people by and large accept thenotion that the fuel prices escalated very dramatically in the fourth quarterthat  we are not the only industry that I think (inaudible) supplement, Ithink people understand it. 
Micky Arison: I think, when you are looking at the time of the announcementthe fuel was pushing a $100, and today we basically told you we are talkingabout $400 million from the company. I think people overall understand andrecognize that we are asking them to participate in a very small piece of theincrease.
Tim Conder - A.G.Edwards & Sons:  Okay. And lastly any color on Asia,are you reaching operating profit there yet, and the contribution in thequarter is expected for '08 to yield?
Howard Frank : Asia was never expected todeliver with one ship, 800 or so passenger ship operating in its own marketwith its own brand with a high degree of distribution and marketing cost. We'venever expected to make a profit. It was going to be an investment for us solong as we only had one ship in the region, Tim. So, until we size up the twoships and I don't  and it will continue to be an investment, although,obviously, as yields have strengthened the investment has gone to lesser or so,[baked] into of course overall numbers is an embedded investment in Asia during 2008 and in the beginning part of 2009 untilthe second ship gets in. 
Micky Arison: But the improvements have been dramatic and that's obviouslythe reason why we felt we can go ahead and size up a larger ship like the CostaClassica can drive a profit out of Asia.
Tim Conder - A.G.Edwards & Sons: Great, great. Thank you and congratulations. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva withInfinity Research. Please go ahead
Assia Georgieva -Infinity Research: Good morning. One question which I've asked before and wehave seen the obviously yield and stronger bookings since June of this year.And Micky you had tried to answer that before, but I wonder have you done anymore analysis why this year when the macro headwinds are much more significantthan an year ago, we are actually seeing such positive developments. Andobviously I welcome them, I just have been asked numerous times what the reasonsfor those would be and I am not sure that I have a good answer.
Micky Arison: That makes two of us. 
Howard Frank : I think as we sat down and talk about what's going on in thelarger economy and what's going on in our business and try to figure out a rationaleas to why our performance continues to be strong and the overall economycontinues to show signs of weakening, all we can give you is our hypothesis onwhat we think that's happening. And I think there are several things that arehappening. But I think broadly speaking you need to understand that a third ofour business today is global, it comes outside of the US. So, we are only focusing onthat two-thirds of our business which is North American based.  And as we've indicated over the last several years, wecontinue to see growth in that part of the market where (inaudible) was a retiring,a greater [wealth] effect that occurs every year in the US, and that to a largerdegree our premium brands and our luxury brands are focused on, on that verystrong part of the growing market.  So while the overall economy is showing signs of weakness, Idon't really believe it affects that consumer to any significant degree, andthen when go down to more of our mid-market products for the shorter cruises.Well, I think that part of the business probably is more susceptible to aslowdown in the economy. I think what happens is that people trade down to alower priced cruise. So, I think in past years we've seen tremendous resiliencyin that part of the market as we've gone through periods of slowing economiesand even through periods of recession. And that's not to say that we are immunefrom the recession, we'll feel the effects it will probably be in that part ofthe business. But at this point in time as you indicated Caribbeanbusiness is quite strong, and continues to show no abatement in terms of ourability to get good prices.
Micky Arison: You have to always remember that we are talking in the contextof comparing to prior year or prior two years and we came off very difficultperiod post-Katrina where Caribbean yields were very, very poor. And so, we aredealing in the Caribbean when we are talkingabout strong improvements in yields. We are talking off of relatively easycomparables where yields were pretty low, and so we are starting to recover andare recovering and seeing those yield improvements because we started from arelatively low based post Katrina.
Assia Georgieva -Infinity Research: But, Micky, when I look at the numbers in Q4 of '07 theylook better than Q4 of '06 when we were down quite significantly, especiallyfirst time cruiser markets in the traditional Caribbean and at this point thatwe are ahead of Q4 of '05. So, it seems that there are some significant gooddeal wins for the industry. And, again, I am just struggling with the reasonwhy and the demographic shift have obviously been taking place for a few years,then all of the sudden the last six months have been so good for
Micky Arison: I think we are far better off just explaining to you ourbooking pattern and allowing you to discuss those issues with your economist,because you are asking macroeconomic questions that at least from my knowledgeI can't speak for everybody at the table. My knowledge is basically the cruiseindustry and that's where we can react. I mean, we have seen cycles in thisbusiness over 35 years that have not related to anything macroeconomically andI have seen it over and over and over again. I have seen good times with very,very high capacity increases and I have seen weak times with very low capacityincreases. I have seen the same thing in economic times that were good and bad.These cycles are to some degree inexplicable, but they are real and we are justtelling you what we see in the booking patterns.
Howard Frank: If you have [bold insights] let met know because then we canuse it for the next call. But, obviously we can only kind of think of what'shappening, why are we performing as strongly as we are in the weakeningeconomy. And we don't really have the good answer other then good valuerelative to other vacations. That people are really stressed out and need totake their vacations, it's a higher priority that it was years ago, takingvacations. As husband and wives are working now and they need to get time offand there is a lot of that going on, I think, in terms of cycle traffic thatare affecting our business. I do think that as we've gotten now two years awayfrom that devastating hurricane season, and Micky has said this in the past, Ithink that has really helped our business as well.
Micky Arison: I also think, and we probably don't do this enough, we haveto give credit to our brand management teams. I mean, they are doing anoutstanding, outstanding job whether it's our teams in mainland Europe and Italy and Germanyor UK or the managements inthe United States.I mean they have been doing an outstanding job.
Assia Georgieva -Infinity Research: Well, I feel a lot better now that I am not the only one whodoesn't understand the [weather]. So, thank you very much. Thank you. That wasthe only question I had.
Howard Frank: Okay. Thank you, its all that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollowith Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jamie Rollo - MorganStanley: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. Just had a couple of questionson your guidance, please. You have given full year yield growth of 3% to 4%next year, but of 4 to 5 infirst half. That could imply quite a big slowdown in the second half. Is thatjust your natural conservatism? It doesn't sound like you are factoring in anyeconomic weakness or is it something else there?
Howard Frank: By the way, you understand we give yield guidance which isan aggregation of ten different companies. It's really, I think more relatedtougher comparisons for the second half of '07 versus '08 than it is for anychange in the pattern or anything like that. There maybe, I think also asrevenue was forecasted out beyond the first half of the year, there may be someelements of conservatism on their part, but we have no way of knowing, becauseI think its further out you are less confident than they are because they havevery good confidence and good sight, good vision for the first half of theyear.
Micky Arison: I will say that the limited visibility we have for thesecond half, with that limited visibility the pattern appears to be the same asthe first half. We are well ahead and bookings are strong and so it's nothingin the pattern that is making us do that. It's a more a function of lessvisibility and maybe a little bit tougher comparison.
Jamie Rollo - MorganStanley: And did I hear youre right by saying that your book ticketsprices on constant dollar are up 7.5%?
Micky Arison: In which quarter?
Howard Frank: No, that was actual dollars. That was current dollars.
Beth Roberts: Current dollars.
Micky Arison: Current dollars.
Howard Frank: It depends on which periods you are talking about. I saidticket pricing was up 7.5% higher than a year ago 4.3% in constant dollars.
Jamie Rollo - MorganStanley: Okay. Sorry.
Howard Frank: All [of that laid] over 2007.
Micky Arison: Current dollar is what appears in our P&L and currentdollar is the only comparable you have got because nobody helps to give youconstant.
Jamie Rollo - MorganStanley: Thanks and just the other sort of related question is, isthat 3% to 4% growth is all driven by your North American brands. So, thatobviously implies the North American brand yields are up sort of more like 5%to 6%. I am just wondering where that takes you back to, does that take youback to the level of yields before the weakness starts in the Caribbeanor is there more to go for there?
Micky Arison: I can tell you that the pattern and the booking curves areout there with our strongest year and right there was '05 and better. So, wehave seen a significant bounce back. Whether the yields are fully there or not,I don't think so.
Howard Frank: I don't think they are quite up to the level of strengththat we have achieved in years passed.
Micky Arison: The pattern is there, but the not pricing yet.
Howard Frank: But, you get still some opportunity to grow in there.
Micky Arison: And again, you have to recognize that our pricing philosophyis to get better pricing out there early. So, it's kind of logical that thepricing wouldn't be there. But the booking pattern and booking curve is outthere which is very encouraging 
David Bernstein: And as we've changed the itineraries over the years it makesthings difficult to compare year-over-year and apples-to-apples basis the wayyou are implying.
Micky Arison: Yeah. Very.
Jamie Rollo - MorganStanley: Great. Thank you very much.
Micky Arison: You are welcome Jamie
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Hakan Ipekci withMerrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Hakan Ipekci -MerrillLynch: Okay. Thank you. Two questions. The first one is, do youexpect the cost pressures to moderate somewhat on per berth basis next year ona constant dollar? Is that purely as you said the increased economies of scalesin Europe or do you expect some of thepressures underweighted in the food to moderate somewhat.
David Bernstein: We are getting, I am not going to forecast the exactinflationary pressures year-over-year for the various items. I mean we are stillseeing the pressures for 2008, and the cost reductions are driven by theeconomies of scale that we are achieving in Europe,and that's not to imply that our North American brands aren't achievingeconomies of scale as well, it's just not as dramatic with the lower percentageincrease in capacity.
Hakan Ipekci -MerrillLynch: I see. Okay, and with respect to Asia with the new vessels, theyare going to be kind of similar where you are going to have a mixed passengerstructure, where you have Asians and non-Asians, and if that's the case how doyou position slightly older vessels for Europeans or North Americans when youhave other competing products out there which are somewhat newer and slightlymore premium.
Howard Frank: Let me go to your Asiaquestion. I think the plan is, and I don't think it's been publicly finalizedyet, but the plan is that the larger ship will go into China and will sail at of Tianjinand Shanghai and also will be sailing at Hong Kong. And a good part of that ship will be sold into the Chinese market, which is a market that we had been developing on fiveand six night cruises.
Hakan Ipekci -MerrillLynch: Okay.
Howard Frank: But then as we do longer itineraries, while [resource] marketall those itineraries in China,we also market those itineraries in other parts of Asia, as well as in Europeand America.So I am not sure if it answers your question. But maybe we will basically bedoing longer cruises out of Singaporeas we move to Singaporein the longer cruises. That is Singaporewill be a market throughout Asia as well as in Australiaand other Asian market as well as Europe and the US. 
Micky Arison: The guest comments have been excellent both from the Asiansand from the European passengers, and the ship age has not been an issue theguest satisfaction levels have been very high. And really I am not exactly surewhat ships you are talking about, but the reality is, that the market that weare in we have huge brand strength over any competition.
Hakan Ipekci -MerrillLynch: I mean a brand like Holland,you know some of the more premium products. But it seems like customers seemquite happy, so that answers my question.
Micky Arison: When a brand like Holland America goes in there, it's marketing primarilythe North America. So we are marketing todifferent people, different geographic areas. So one has nothing to do with theother, one doesn't compete with the other in a way.
Hakan Ipekci -MerrillLynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Greenberg withAIM Fund. Please go ahead.
Mark Greenberg - AIMFund: Good morning. I wanted to ask you about that related coupleof questions with currency. Can you talk about recovery of business and the Caribbean and so on? Any indications how of the bookingin the Caribbean and Alaska as Americans are not taking trips overseas as ofthe weak dollar or it's because Europeans are coming to United States becauseof the weak dollar?
Micky Arison: All I can tell you is, that our USbrands are doing extremely well in Europe. Nowhow much of that is currency related, because they are buying the cruise indollars, and in fact all they are onboard spending is in dollars. It's hard to say,but we are clearly using that as a selling point for North American passengersthat they can take a European vacation primarily dollar based. So that could betheoretically helping the strength of the North American brand selling in NorthAmerica to Europe.But clearly as the business globalizes, we are seeing all nationalitiestraveling in all different destinations and that is helping all the brands pushtheir yields up.
Mark Greenberg - AIMFund: What about the American not going overseas because of theweak dollar, any indication people are staying home just because it's cheaperor because a European vacation is just so expensive now?
Micky Arison: Again, it's the reverse. We are selling European vacationsin dollars. 
Howard Frank: The [process] are positive in the sense that Americans cantake a European vacation using dollars largely going on a cruise, because wesell in dollars for our European vacation. And indeed that marketingopportunity is being used by our brand as well. So if the people who can'tafford to go to European and buy Euro or buy Sterling,they can afford to go to Europe and use dollarsthat's a huge cost advantage for me.
Micky Arison: Anecdotally, I spend a lot of time in Europe in the summer,and I think for me this summer there's more Americans than ever in Europe. So I don't know if those statistics will bearthat out, but the reality is, we do know that there was a huge, huge issue inthe passport office, getting passports this summer. So, clearly people aretraveling overseas.
Mark Greenberg - AIMFund: Okay.
Operator: And our next comes from the line of Edward Stanford withCazenove. Please go ahead. 
Edward Stanford -Cazenove: Hi, good morning, everybody. Just a couple of questions.First of all, would you be able to let us know what sort of percentage of yourinventory is booked in over the next three quarters? And secondly, I didn'tquite hear what you said the North American capacity would be in the thirdquarter, and could you possibly just let us know what the fourth quarter groupcapacity this year?
Howard Frank: Edward, we don't provide specific percentages of inventorybooked by quarter or even actually for the full year. All what I did say isthat, relatively to last year we were five points ahead year-over-year.
David Bernstein: The North American [brain] capacity is up 1.5% for the thirdquarter 
Beth Roberts: And 4.6% for the fourth quarter
Edward Stanford -Cazenove: Thank you very much.
Howard Frank: And also I think it's important to note the Caribbeancapacity for the year both for the industry and the company are down slightly,which I think is also contributing to stronger Caribbeanyields.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line ofDavid Leibowitz with Burnham. Please go ahead.
David Leibowitz Burnham: Good morning. I apologize for the frog in my throat. What isthe status right now of [port] projects that you have in the works and what arethe dollars investment, and lastly how quickly you might be able to get a returnon that investment?
Micky Arison: Thank you David. You sound terrific, Howard.
Howard Frank: Yeah, well, David we got a couple of projects. One is downin Honduras, on the Island of Roatan. It's really just getting on theway from the design standpoint. We already called in Roatan but we call downtownin the larger city on the island. This will move the calls to a more pristinearea and we'll have two docks and a whole project in wonderful guest experienceincluding beaches and so on right there. I think the cost is in theneighborhood of $50 million - $55 million and I think we are scheduled to openit in 2009. It's just getting underway now, but once it opens we do get areturn on those projects.
Micky Arison: [Cazenove's] rebuilding process is ongoing and 
David Bernstein: We will set up a few projects in St. Maarten where we aretesting and lending them about $34 million to develop that second [tier], somore ships can pull in rather than tending in to shore. 
Howard Frank: When we do a project, as David mentioned, like that in St.Maarten, it's less an investment to get a return on, its more we providefinancial support to the government to do that and they pay it back over periodof years. So, we get an interest rate of return on that money.
David Leibowitz Burnham: And my second question is, how do you determine which brandwill be faring berth, for instance you mentioned Princess is now going to havea ship in Britainyear around as it were. How do you determine which of your brands you put intowhich markets?
Micky Arison: Well, Princess has had a dedicated UK ship now for a number of years.I must say both Royal Caribbean and Princess have very, very significant marketpositions in the UK under US brand, and the Princess brand has been anestablished UK brand from before the merger. So, we continue to leverage thedemand for US type productin the UKusing the Princess brand. And, clearly, these decisions are made depending onwhat brand we feel is best suited to particular markets. Like Princess also in Australia, Costa in Asia.I mean we take these decisions based on what brands we feel are best suited tothose markets and whether there is a market potential for a particular brand.
David Leibowitz Burnham: And that having being said, are we saying that whether it'sCarnival or AIDA or some of your other brands are best suited for the homemarkets that they currently serve rather than a specific foreign market?
Micky Arison: This gets really complicated, because the reality is that wedid a little slide at the Queen Victoria where our North American brands in Europe sourced, what percentage was it? 44%?
Beth Roberts: 40%...
Micky Arison: 40 something percent. 
Howard Frank: International.
Micky Arison: Internationally. So, number of these brands are marketing.The only brands we have that truly market of 90 plus percent of theirpassengers to their home markets is P&O in the UK, Ocean Village in the UK,and AIDA in Germany. All others really market globally. Now, Carnival Cruise line clearly gets significantpercentage of their business in North America.Holland America does as well and Princessdoes as well. But, the reality is that this is become a global business formost of our brands. And in certain itineraries there is great deal of appealfrom a number of markets. And this is where I go into my slide about GNP growthworldwide being over hundred countries having 4% GNP growth and participating.And I think that's one of the reasons why the Med and Baltic cruises have beenso strong is because they are supported globally from passengers from all overthe world interested to see places like Venice or St. Petersburg, et cetera.
David Leibowitz Burnham: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Barryfrom Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Scott Barry - CreditSuisse: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. Just onequick one, could you post the six new builds that you've ordered here duringlast quarter. Could you update us on the capital spending for '08 through 2010?Thanks.
Howard Frank: Scott, I am going to have -- Beth is going to leaf throughher book and give you that information in a moment. And as she does that, maybewe can move. Is that all, Scott, you have, we will give it to you soon as.
Scott Barry - CreditSuisse: Yeah. That's right. No problem.
Howard Frank: We can take the question Operator. Thank you.
Operator: Excellent. And the next question is a follow-up questionfrom line of Felicia Hendrix from Lehman Brothers again. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers: Hi. Just very quickly, housekeeping. Beth, maybe you cangive us guidance for '08 interest expense, D&A and actually the full yearfirst quarter capacity increase, you just gave North America?
Beth Roberts: Sure. 
Howard Frank: We're still waiting for Scott.
Beth Roberts: I'll go message Scott. For the interest expense for theyear, we are looking for a $360 million to $380 million and for D&A we arelooking for a $290 billion to a $310 billion, those are both ranges for thefull year. For capacity for the -- in total by quarter for 2008 for the Companyinclusive by via of the first quarter is 10.6, the second quarter is 7.9, thethird quarter is 8.8, the fourth quarter is 8.7, which gets you to the total onthe year of 9%
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers Inc: Thanks. And so the interest expense is net -- interestexpense is net of interest income?
Beth Roberts: Yes, it is.
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers Inc: Okay. Thank you 
Howard Frank: Are you stilling working on the.
Beth Roberts: Going back to the
Howard Frank: Okay, you're still working on Scott's question. We will takeone more question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bart Glenn with AIMInvestments. Please go ahead.
Bart Glenn - AIMInvestments:  Thank you. I just had one follow-up on the weak dollar. Iwas curious, can you quantify what benefits you might be seeing with Caribbeanprice or Alaska firm, the U.S. consumers staying home due to the weak dollaror also from foreign tourist into the U.S. because it is cheaper than itused to be for them?
Howard Frank: I don't that we can actually -- I don't know that weactually know that, even try to -- even if you guess in terms of the U.S. consumer, one of the challenges, though,you would think that clearly more and more Europeans are coming to the U.S.because it's a less expensive vacation. But one of the challenges of gettinginto the U.S.today is many, many foreigners have to go and have to get visa. And then, theyhave to go through customs and immigration, which is getting more the line thelonger, it's more difficult, the people being more challenged and theexperience is not only a very pleasant experience. So there is a lot ofresistance that we are getting to the European's and South American and so onto come through these gateways in the U.S. So that's been a negativecourse and the travel industry has been lobbying to try to improve thatsituation.
Micky Arison: We are hearing more and more of that and part of the reasonwhy Costa operates a winter program out of Guadalupe for Europeans is becausethey don't have to go through that or P&O operates out of Barbados. Theyuse to operate out of Fort Lauderdale,but the reality is that they just get too much push back on this region. So,they operate out of Barbados,where they don't have to ferry US. So, this is clearly an issue, but it's verydifficult for us to tell, as I said our North American business into Europe is very, very strong, so we don't really see,while for logical conclusion we don't really see it in the pattern.
Bart Glenn - AIMInvestments: Thank you.
Howard Frank: And I wanted to get back, Scott, we don't have the exactschedule that shows the details by year, but to generally answer your question,in 2007 we had delivery of 5 ships and the CapEx was $3.3 billion. With thenews that six new ships that we took on order in the fourth quarter, the trendis five ships for 2008, five ships for 2009 , six ships for 2010, and four shipsfor 2011. At the moment we still have just two ships on order for 2012. So, youcan extrapolate onward from 2007, but we are looking at something north of $3billion per year in terms of CapEx. 
Micky Arison: Didnt get more specific on that -- we have the figures, Iam having here.
Howard Frank: Okay. And with that operator I am happy to close it out, Iwant to wish you all Merry Christmas and a happy and healthy New Year andhopefully, we'll get to see some of you in New York.
Micky Arison: Happy Hanukkah and Happy Kwanzaa too.
Howard Frank: On January the 13th, by the way, we do have Three Queens in New York on Sunday,January the 13th.
Micky Arison: And come out wave.
Howard Frank: And come out and say hello to three Queens, I mean ships Imean they are ships actually, QE2, Queen Mary 2 and Queen Victoria. So, hopefully we will be seeingyou all, some of you in January. All the best. Thank you, bye, bye.
Micky Arison: Bye, bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference callfor today, we thank you for participation and we ask that you please disconnectyour line.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-09-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard S. Frank - Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief Operating Officer  David Bernstein - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President  Micky Arison - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  Beth Roberts - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Michael Savner - Banc of America  Robin Farley - UBS  Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol  Tim Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons  Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research  Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch  Nick Thomas - ABN Amro  Tim Ramskill - Dresdner Kleinwort  David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities  Ari Johnson - Exane BNP Paribas  Mark Reed - Teather & Greenwood  Simon Champion - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Carnival Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Frank, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead, sir. 
Howard S. Frank: Good morning, everyone. With me today is Micky Arison, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Micky is traveling and has dialed into the call but is prepared to answer questions as they may come up after our comments are made; David Bernstein, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer is with me here in Miami, as is Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations.  To start off this morning, Im going to turn it over to David to give you color on and some details on the third quarter and some comments on the fourth quarter that we are currently in. David. 
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Im going to start the conference call by reading the forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will make certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties or other factors which may cause the actual results, performances, or achievements of Carnival to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For further information, please see Carnival's earnings press release and its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  For the third quarter, our net income for 2007 was $1.4 billion. Our earnings per share was $1.67. For 2006 third quarter, the earnings per share was $1.49. The nine-month year-to-date results are net income, $2.1 billion; the earnings per share, $2.51; and EPS for the prior year was $2.25.  Our EPS exceeded our previous guidance for the third quarter by $0.06 per share. The improvement was primarily driven by stronger pricing on bookings taken close to departure, as well as the lower tax provision as a result of the resolution of certain of tax uncertainties, which helped to the tune of about $0.015.  Looking more closely at our third quarter operating results, our capacity increased 9.4%. Net revenue yields in current dollars increased 2.5% in the third quarter. In constant dollars, which eliminates the effect of currency changes, net revenue yields were flat for the third quarter. This was at the higher end of the range of our previous guidance, which we gave three months ago.  However, keep in mind that the sale of Swan Hellenic and Windstar brands decreased our net revenue yields by 0.3% in the third quarter, compared to last year, given the fact that these brands have achieved higher yields on average. The sale of Swan Hellenic and Windstar will continue to effect the year-over-year comparisons through the second quarter of 2008.  Therefore, on an apples-to-apples basis, excluding Swan Hellenic and Windstar, our net revenue yields in constant dollars actually increased 0.3% in the third quarter compared to the prior year.  We saw yield improvements in our North American brands, which was offset somewhat by lower yields in constant dollars in our European brands. However, keep in mind our European brands are being compared against a very strong prior year and despite the lower yields, operating income in constant dollars for our European brands was up.  Im also glad to report that Chinas yields improved significantly in the third quarter, driven by both price and occupancy, which resulted from our decision to shift our sourcing strategy for costs to Asia.  On the cost side, our third quarter costs per available lower berth day in current dollars were up 3.3% in the third quarter. However, in constant dollars, they were up only 0.8%. This was slightly better than the previous guidance we gave three months ago.  For the third quarter, fuel was not a factor versus our guidance. However, fuel prices this year were higher than the third quarter of last year, costing us an additional $20 million. Excluding fuel in constant dollars, cruise cost per available lower berth day were actually down 0.2%.  The improvement that we saw in the third quarter versus our guidance was essentially due to the timing of certain expenses between the third and fourth quarter, and as a result, our cost guidance for the year remains unchanged.  Before I turn to the outlook, let me update you on our current stock buy-back program. In late July, we resumed stock buy-backs in the U.K. market. During the last two months, we repurchased a total of 4.5 million shares for $195 million. In total, we have repurchased 31.8 million shares for $1.4 billion out of the $2 billion previously authorized by our Board of Directors, leaving $578 million remaining under the repurchase authorization.  Yesterday, our Board of Directors increased the remaining repurchase authorization back to $1 billion, effective immediately.  Turning to our fourth quarter outlook, as we indicated in the press release, the results of Iberocruceros will be consolidated into the companys financial statements beginning in the fourth quarter, so the guidance for the fourth quarter that I am about to give includes their forecast.  Capacity is forecasted to increase 7.6% in the fourth quarter and does include Iberocruceros. I will skip over the net revenue yields outlook as Howard will touch on that in a few moments.  The cruise costs per available lower berth day in the fourth quarter in current dollars is expected to be up 8% to 9% versus the prior year. In constant dollars, it is expected to be up 5% to 6%. However, excluding dry-dock and fuel in current dollars, cruise costs are expected to be flat in the fourth quarter.  Cruise costs in the fourth quarter 2007 versus the prior year are obviously significantly impacted by the dry-dock and fuel. Dry-dock timing that benefited us earlier in the year turns around in the fourth quarter to the tune of $21 million. Fuel prices this year, based on the forward curve, are forecasted to be higher in the fourth quarter than last year, costing us an additional $81 million.  These two items alone represent a drag on our fourth quarter EPS of $0.12. As a result of these items and others, the best measure of cruise costs changes are on an annual basis. So for the full year, our cruise costs per available lower berth day in current dollars are expected to be up 3% to 4% versus the prior year. In constant dollars, they should be up about 1%, which is toward the higher end of the range of our previous guidance given three months ago, and that change is driven by fuel.  Excluding fuel in constant dollars, cruise costs are expected to be essentially flat for 2007, so our forecast for controllable expenses, excluding fuel and currency, remain flat for the year, which is a number that we try to achieve and its not easy in todays world, given inflationary pressures.  At this point, I will turn the conference call back over to Howard. 
Howard S. Frank: Thank you, David. Before I provide some information for the next three quarters, let me give you an update on the overall booking trends and briefly frame the 2008 year. As we indicated in the press release, booking trends in North America and Europe continue to remain strong.  In North America, where our 2008 capacity increase will be up a modest 3.4%, increased booking levels for 2008 sailings have been running in the high-teens percentages. In Europe, where our capacity is up 16.8% in 2008, increased booking levels have also been running in the mid-teens percentages.  So it is fair to say that the booking environment in both North America and Europe has been quite strong and for most of our brands, booking curves are at their furthest out levels in recent history. In fact, with the strength in bookings and even with the 7.5% increase in capacity over the next four quarters, we have less inventory left to sell than over the same period in 2007.  Based on the solid booking patterns, we currently forecast that for the first quarter of 2008, net revenue yields will increase in the 2% to 3% range.  On the cost side of the business, the primary variable will be the price of fuel. Currently fuel costs for the first quarter of 2008 are forecasted at $418 a ton versus $301 in the first quarter of 2007. Of course, fuel prices are quite volatile, as we all know, and on our December earnings call I will provide you with the latest estimates for fuel prices for the first quarter and for the year, together with our guidance for the full year 2008 earnings per share.  Regarding our European initiatives, as indicated in our press release, we are pleased to report that we have closed the Iberocruceros acquisition, which we expect to be accretive to 2008 earnings per share. Unfortunately, we were experiencing increasing resistance from regulators to our proposed joint venture in Germany with TUI and decided jointly with TUI to withdraw our filing, so that transaction is no longer moving forward.  In 2008, our fleet-wide capacity is expected to increase by 7.5%. Breaking it down by quarter, its 8.5% in Q1; 6.1% in Q2; 6.6% in Q3; and 9% in the fourth quarter of 2008. That excludes Ibero. If we include Ibero cruises, the 7.5% increase would come up to 8.9% for the year.  As I previously indicated, our North American capacity will increase by approximately 3.4% and our European capacity by that 16.8%. North America will represent approximately 66.5% of our total fleet-wide capacity for the group for 2008, and thats down from 69% in 2007. Europe and the rest of the world will increase to approximately 33.5% to the total group, about one-third. Based on new ships in the pipeline, however, we expect that Europe and the rest of the world will approach 38% of our total capacity by the year 2010.  Driving the 2008 capacity increase are five new ships for five of our brands. At the end of this fiscal year, we take delivery of the beautiful new Queen Victoria for Cunard Line, which will start her world cruise in January of 2008. The three queens, the Queen Victoria, the Queen Mary, and the QE2, will be altogether in New York for an historic meeting on January the 13th of 2008 and the entire Carnival Board and organization, senior management team will be there as well.  In April of 2008, P&Os Ventura will be delivered. The Ventura will be the largest U.K. flagship fully dedicated to the British market on a year-round basis. Also in April, the AIDA Bella, the second Sphinx class ship for our highly successful AIDA brand in Germany, will be delivered in June. Holland Americas first signature class ship, the Eurodam, will be delivered and will stay in Europe for the summer season. And later in June, the Carnival Splendor will be delivered and will sail in northern Europe for the summer. This will be the first time that the Carnival brand will have two ships in Europe.  So all in all, 2008 is shaping up to be a solid growth year for Carnival Corporation. Having said that, like everyone else, we also recognize the challenging issues facing the U.S. economy -- slowing of the residential housing market, the sub-prime mortgage loan fiasco, and the resultant disruption in the financial markets.  At this point, however, we have not seen any clear evidence that these events have affected our business in North America. However, should there be a slowing in the North American economy, we believe we are well-positioned to weather the slowdown, as a large part of our customer base in North America is composed of retirees and other more affluent families that are not dependent on the economic cycles.  Also, our strategy of aggressively growing our cruise businesses in the lesser penetrated European holiday market provides a significant buffer for us if the North American economy does slow down. Today, with approximately one-third of our business in Europe, Australia and Asia, a slowing North American economy will not affect those businesses.  For all these reasons, we believe that while we are not immune to the effects of an economic slowdown in the U.S., we certainly have considerable resilience to a slowdown.  Now Ill move on to talk about each of the next three quarters and provide you with some additional data.  For Q4, David covered pretty much the cost side of the picture. Fleet-wide, our Q4 capacity is up 6.1%. Thats on an apples-to-apples basis from last year. Of that amount, 3.7% is in North America and 11.9% is in Europe. This excludes the Ibero numbers, the additional capacity from Ibero, which would bring the 6.1% up to 7.4%. Of course, all that capacity would go into Europe.  In terms of the North American brands to date, in the fourth quarter, 45.5% of their capacity is in the Caribbean, 10% in Europe, and the balance in other trades -- Alaska, Mexican Riviera, Asia-Pacific, et cetera.  At this juncture, occupancy for North American brands in the fourth quarter are running 3.5 points ahead of last year and pricing is also stronger. In fact, we have only a small amount of cabin inventory left to sell for the fourth quarter in North America.  Similar to the third quarter, Caribbean pricing for North American brands is stronger than last year. Pricing for Alaska and Europe is also stronger, with no inventory left to sell in Alaska, the Alaska season essentially is over, and very few cabins left to sell in Europe. Based on this, we expect Caribbean and overall North American yields for the fourth quarter to come in nicely higher than a year ago.  In Europe, over 90% of our European brands are trading in the European trades during the fourth quarter, slightly higher than last year. The remaining 20% is in various other itineraries. Similar to the third quarter, Europe occupancies are flat versus last year, with pricing running behind. We expect to close out the quarter with higher dollar-based yields and slightly lower constant dollar yields than a year ago.  Although Europe brands local currency yields were slightly lower, it was not unexpected that these companies absorb an 11% increase in capacity during the year. More importantly, though, our European brands have performed very strongly in 2007, with operating earnings significantly higher than in 2006.  From an overall standpoint, we expect net revenue yields to be up in the 3% to 4% for the fourth quarter over the 2006 fourth quarter. On a constant dollar basis, excluding the effect of Ibero Cruises, Windstar and Swan, to be flat to slightly up.  Earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.44 for the fourth quarter. The lower year-over-year fourth quarter earnings is largely attributable to the higher fuel costs that David referred to and the timing of the dry dock costs, which together had a $0.12 impact on fourth quarter earnings per share in 2007.  Now looking forward to the 2008 year, and just starting with the first quarter, our capacity is up 8.5%; 5.1% of that capacity is a North America increase; 15% of the capacity is in Europe -- that excludes Ibero Cruises.  For North American brands in the first quarter, Caribbean capacity as a percentage of North American capacity is 62% versus 68% a year ago. The balance of North American capacity is spread among the Mexican Riviera, Panama Canal, exotics and long cruises.  At this time, North American bookings are well ahead of last year, actually by 6.8 points ahead, and pricing is also higher versus last year. Although Caribbean pricing is slightly down in Q1, occupancies are well ahead year over year and similar to the fourth quarter of 2007, we expect Caribbean yields, as well as overall North American yields in the first quarter to be higher year over year by the time we close out the quarter.  In Europe, European brand trades in the first quarter are 38% Caribbean, which is approximately the same as last year; 22% in Europe; 12% world cruises; 10% in South America; and the rest spread among other itineraries.  Europe brand occupancies are running 3.3 points ahead year over year, with local currency pricing currently flat. We are currently forecasting European brand local currency yields for Q1 will be in line with last years first quarter, which is flat. We believe achieving level pricing for our Europe brands while absorbing a 15% increase in capacity is a significant accomplishment and similar to 2007, should lead to improved operating results for our European businesses in 2008.  From an overall standpoint in the first quarter, combining North America and Europe, we are forecasting an increase in first quarter of 2008 constant dollar yields in the range of 2% to 3%, which is a nice turnaround from 2007.  Turning to the second quarter of 2008, fleet-wide second quarter capacity is up 6.1%, with North American capacity up approximately 2% and Europe capacity up approximately 17%. Even with the lengthening of the booking curve, booking information for the second quarter of 2008 is still in its early stages of development and I caution not to read too much into this data.  Looking at North America, Caribbean capacity for North America brands is 52%, down from 55% a year ago. All other itineraries are spread across Alaska, Europe, long and exotic cruises, et cetera.  Currently, North American bookings in the second quarter are higher by 6.1 points, following a similar pattern to the first quarter of 2008. Booking momentum in the second quarter has been strong, with the pricing across all itineraries slightly higher. Similar to the first quarter, Caribbean pricing is lower than a year ago but stronger occupancies would suggest that even -- strong Caribbean occupancies would suggest that even at this early booking stage, Caribbean yields and overall North American brand yields should be higher than a year ago by the time second quarter closes.  In Europe for our European brands, European itineraries are 57% for the second quarter, up from 52% a year ago, with the Caribbean at 16%, approximately the same; trans-Atlantic cruises are 12% and the balance in various other itineraries.  With a 17% increase in Europe capacity, European brand occupancies are running two points higher -- thats on a capacity-adjusted basis -- than last year, with pricing also running ahead at the current time over last year. We are presently forecasting that Europe brand revenue yield will be in line with the prior year by the time the quarter closes.  Overall for the second quarter, although still early in the booking curve, it does appear that the second quarter is following a very similar pattern to the first quarter of 2008, so the total picture looks quite good, at least at the present time.  And with that, those comments, I will turn it back, Operator, for questions. Operator, we would like to open it now for questions. Hello, Operator? Just hold on. We are trying to call the Operator and see if we can get him back on. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Michael Savner. Please go ahead, sir. 
Michael Savner - Banc of America: Good morning. Thanks very much. You did comment on this during your prepared remarks, but maybe if we could go into a little bit more detail because certainly the results you provided today jives with the proprietary data that weve been seeing over the last few months but the most frequent question we are still getting is how do you reconcile the improving fundamental trends that you are seeing this quarter, as well as what you were just talking about for the next few quarters, with growing consumer concern? So maybe a little bit more detail on what you think drove that disconnect this quarter and why you still feel comfortable about it going forward. 
Howard S. Frank: I do think -- I made the comment, as you said, Michael, in my prepared remarks about our customer base and to a large -- and Ive talked to a lot of people about it and to a large degree, our customers are not dependent on the economic cycles. I think there is a lot of media hype, especially in the financial press, about the financial issues in the country and I think that to some degree, as it affects the financial community but it doesnt -- Im not sure its affecting as much the larger community. And some of the data that weve seen on bookings I think is similar. Ive seen some other data that would suggest that certain other businesses in the travel area continue to be strong as well.  But Ive also looked at the retail numbers and we looked at durable good numbers and that sort of stuff and we see that there is some softening in those areas, so we are cognizant of it and that doesnt mean it couldnt start to have some effect on us but I think it would, if it does affect us, it is more likely to be for that part of our consumer base I think, which is middle market and feels more the effect of that.  But I think as long as employment stays strong and people are confident about their jobs and keeping their jobs, I think our business will hold up quite well and thats kind of the way we see it right now and thats how we explain it to ourselves. I mean, all we know is what we are seeing on our books and we are pleased to see it in terms of our booking trends and as you said, you found in canvassing the trade, that they are seeing the same thing as well. 
Micky Arison: I also think that the weaker yield environment over the last two years translates into greater value. The fact is that over the last couple of years, our pricing hasnt been up and because of that, in relationship to other vacations, our value relationship is stronger than ever and hopefully that word has filtered into the marketplace.  I also think that the fact that globally, countries around the world are growing at a rapid pace. I saw some data I think we presented on the Queen Mary that the percentage of countries growing at a rapid pace is unprecedented, and so we are seeing demand for cruises, particularly in the Mediterranean, from all over the world, not just from North America and Europe, so I think theres a lot of reasons for it. 
Michael Savner - Banc of America: Thats helpful, thanks, and if I could just ask a quick follow-up thats unrelated; if we just drew a quick back-of-the-envelope map on your recent buy-back, it would seem that the pace youve been repurchasing shares, there wasnt any real need for an increase in the authorization at this point. So can we conclude that maybe given the strength of the balance sheet, this is something you are going to accelerate the pace of going forward, or we should not necessarily come to that conclusion? 
Howard S. Frank: I dont think you should make any conclusions. I think our feeling was that as we get further on into the year, we might get closer and closer to the authorization, the previous authorization so we felt lets revise that to get it back up to $1 billion so we dont have to visit that again for a while.  But what our actions are going to be from now forward, I dont think we are in a position to say. 
Michael Savner - Banc of America: Fair enough. Thanks very much. 
Micky Arison: Our philosophy of returning money to shareholders with a combination of dividends and buy-backs, opportunistic buy-backs, has not changed. The principle remains the same. Howard, you may want to remind everybody that we are going to limit it to two questions per person. 
Howard S. Frank: That you just did. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. I wanted to just clarify a couple of things; one is can you just give us specifically what Ibero, whether thats -- theres a couple of moving parts in your fourth quarter guidance. Obviously yields are higher, boat fuel price is higher, and so you are factoring Iberojet in there now where you hadnt previously and so is that a -- is Iberojet a net neutral for the fourth quarter?  And then also, in your comments about bookings, about pricing, in the release you say constant dollar revenues would be -- or you say current dollar revenues would be up, suggesting that I guess the European pricing on a constant dollar basis would be down. In your specific Q2 comments, you mentioned pricing up. Is that in current dollars? In other words, is that the benefit of currency or is that actual constant dollar demand? 
Howard S. Frank: Robin, Ill answer your first question and I want you to rephrase your second question. I got a little bit lost on it. Iberojet is -- it could be a slight positive in the fourth quarter but -- and weve got, whatever it is, it is not going to be material to fourth quarter earnings per share. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Is there any lag, by the way, in terms of the -- in other words, their quarter end is going to match your quarter end? Theres no lag in the reported periods? 
David Bernstein: There is no lag at all. It will be on the same quarterly basis as Carnival Corporation. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great, and then just to clarify -- 
Howard S. Frank: Go back on the pricing issue again, yeah. 
Robin Farley - UBS: To clarify that question, the idea is that currency, the weak dollar has been helping your reported revenues coming from Europe and so your forward color, when you were talking about early 08, you said pricing up from the European brands. Is that because of the currency benefit with the weak dollar? You didnt clarify in your comment there whether that pricing was up in a same currency basis or not. Im just curious whether -- 
Howard S. Frank: The forward pricing information I gave you is all first quarter, is up 2% to 3%. 
Micky Arison: And that is in constant dollars, isnt it, Howard? 
Howard S. Frank: Yes, thats all constant -- everything I do forward is constant dollar because we dont know actually what the dollar is going to trade at versus the Euro or the sterling in those forward periods. 
Robin Farley - UBS: But youve sometimes talked about your guidance based on current exchange rates, where you expect it to be but at least that clarifies. You are saying pricing is up in constant dollars in Q2 in your European brands. So in other words, its demand that -- 
Howard S. Frank: No, no, I think I said we expect it to -- it is up today constant dollar wise. We expect it to come in flat. 
Beth Roberts: Overall. 
Howard S. Frank: Yes. No, in Europe. 
Beth Roberts: In Europe, yes, and then overall North America and Europe is what you said. 
Howard S. Frank: Overall I said in the -- well, Im not -- youre talking about in the second quarter now, Robin? 
Robin Farley - UBS: Yes, your second quarter. You said pricing up and thats as of today in constant dollars, but you expect it to be flat just in Europe. 
Howard S. Frank: Flat just in Europe, yes. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall with John W. Bristol. Please go ahead. 
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Hi, guys. Nice quarter. The first -- I guess a multi-part pricing question in the U.S.; could you talk about booking trends in the Gulf Coast, in Florida and then California? Those being maybe the most exposed to sub-prime problems. And then also, what the trends were in group bookings? 
Howard S. Frank: Rick, I -- 
Micky Arison: Im not sure I can give you the regional outlook, although Im not aware of substantive differences. I can tell you that the group business has been very strong. 
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: So that gives you pricing power. Has the booking window changed at all? 
Micky Arison: The booking window is further out and the group bookings have been very strong. 
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Okay, and the last, kind of an add-on question; is there any change in your dry-dock schedule next year relative to this year, from an expense standpoint? 
David Bernstein: The quarterly expense? 
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: No, just for the year. 
David Bernstein: We had this year -- 
Howard S. Frank: I know its higher but I dont remember what it -- 
David Bernstein: Yeah, weve got 25 dry docks next year but remember, not every dry dock is created equal, so all Ive got at this point is the total number of dry docks for next year. Well talk more about the 2008 on the December call. 
Micky Arison: Just to refresh everybodys memories, we go through the detailed budgeting process during the fall period, so we really dont get into specific details for 08 until our fourth quarter call. 
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Okay, thanks. Nice job, guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder at A.G. Edwards. Please go ahead. 
Tim Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons: Thank you. Let me offer my congratulations also on a great execution. A couple here on onboard spend; anything in particular there? I mean, as reported up over 5% here versus last year at the same time, you were up about 2.7? So thats one comment.  And then, again, Howard, just to be clear, I think you gave 08 yield guidance of up 2% to 3% and everything again is in constant dollars, just to clarify that? 
Howard S. Frank: Yes, that was first quarter up 2% to 3%, constant dollars. 
Tim Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons: Okay, so no annual guidance there? 
Howard S. Frank: None, no. 
Tim Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons: Okay. 
David Bernstein: And on the onboard spend, it was up a little bit more than 3% in the third quarter. 
Tim Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons: Okay, anything different there? I mean, was there -- are you still pulling into places here and there, a fuel surcharge that may be impacting that or anything else that? 
Micky Arison: It was strong in the U.S. and Europe, which was encouraging. 
Tim Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons: Okay, because historically the Europeans have lagged somewhat, correct? And thats been moving up of late. 
Micky Arison: Correct. 
Tim Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons: Okay, and can I ask one more clarification? The impact of Windstar and Swan on your capacity in the first couple quarters of next year? 
Micky Arison: Capacity is very small. The problem is they are very -- 
Tim Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons: I mean yields. Im sorry, Micky. 
Micky Arison: They were a very high yielding business with very little capacity and almost no earnings. Thats why we sold them but they do affect yields. 
David Bernstein: The yield impact, as I mentioned, in the third quarter was 0.3%, so I wouldnt believe that -- we dont have the numbers in front of us but that gives you some guidance for the rest of the quarter going forward. 
Tim Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons: Close to those ranges. Okay, thank you, gentlemen. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Good morning. Congratulations on a very good quarter. I had one question, and David, we had -- now that the Alaska season is over, have you been able to look at the impact of the head tax and how that might change future deployment decisions? 
Micky Arison: If I can comment on that, it obviously cost us $50 a passenger, but our yields were up in Alaska so obviously had it not been for the $50 head tax, our yields would have been up plus an additional $50 had we executed properly, so I could say we were encouraged that the yields were up but its unfortunate that we werent able to get the yields up as much as we could have had we had the $50 to yield manage. Does that answer your question? 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Yes, and Micky, do you think that there might be a change into 2009 or so in terms of what kind of tonnage you put in there, or because Alaska is such a distinctive -- 
Micky Arison: Every brand looks at their ship utilization over a couple of years, over five years, and makes the best decisions they can for the profitability of the brand. This is one of the areas that I constantly harp on that they dont manage for the yield of the brand; they manage for the profitability of the brand, and whether that will impact Alaska positively or negatively, its early to say. Obviously 08 is done and the 09 process, the planning is going on now and I dont -- honestly, I dont expect a huge impact one way or the other. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay, and my second question is with regard to last minute booking patterns. Obviously very helpful, and is that something we can expect to see into 08 or is it impossible to say at this point? 
Howard S. Frank: I could barely make you out. Could you -- 
Micky Arison: It was whether last minute booking patterns, can we read the strong last minute booking pattern will continue going forward, and obviously that is very difficult to read. As the booking curve moves out, your availability gets less and as Howard said earlier, the amount of availability we have now looking forward is less than this time last year, so if you have less available capacity, hopefully you are able to yield manage and get some yields. 
Howard S. Frank: Our yield guidance assumes exactly that, that we will be able to manage the remaining sale of the cabins better than last year and get better yields, and thats included in the estimates we gave you for the first quarter. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Hakan Ipecki with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Two questions; number one is I believe the discussions you made with respect to next year with European pricing trends excludes Iberojet. Can you give us an idea of what would the impact be for next year, and give us an idea on the relative cost structure of the company relative to the overall company? 
Micky Arison: We closed on Iberojet six days ago, so were really not in a position to do that. We have factored in some numbers but hopefully well be in a much better position to give you guidance in the next quarterly call. 
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch: Okay, but the current discussions on Europe exclude Iberojet, as far as I can understand, right? 
Howard S. Frank: Yes, thats correct. 
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch: My other question is about your recent announcement the reduction or the elimination of the airfare commission. Could you just -- what sold that decision and what sort of an impact should we expect on your revenues or cost structure going forward, if any? 
Micky Arison: This is a complicated and controversial issue. Let me take a pass at it, but its going to take a little bit of time.  Our philosophy on air sea versus cruise only is that the air sea decision should be income neutral to us. Its not revenue neutral, obviously but it is income neutral to us, so we price our air sea packages to give us the same yield as our cruise only.  Ill do this in an example but understand we do this over hundreds of city pairs. We dont do it by single city pair, but Ill give you a single city pair, try to give you an example so you can understand what the dynamics is happening here.  We have a city, lets say Chicago-Miami, and our people, a year-and-a-half, two years in advance, print a brochure, have to decide on pricing and they do that by negotiating with the airlines, coming up with an unrestricted fare. Lets say its $500, add in the 5% commission and put it to market at $525.  The booking curve is four months out, and four months out the customer comes in and the airline is selling some sort of restricted fare at $299 or $199 or some number, obviously significantly lower than what is in our brochure at $525, and thats why we are only selling 12% potential air sea packages.  Travel agents who are able to take advantage of that $199 or $299 are happy to sell it and/or sell the $525, whichever happens to be available. But many travel agents, cruise only travel agents, home-based travel agents, cant sell the $299 or $199 and have to refer those people to the website for the airlines or refer them because they dont have the ability to write airline tickets.  So its a very un-level playing field right now. What we are trying to create is a more competitive environment where we can sell at more competitive prices. And over time, the absolute perfect solution would be that we would be able to sell to the consumer that $299 or $199 fare, or to the travel agent that $299 or $199. Thats our goal.  To do that, we cant be paying commission because the airlines dont pay commissions. So this is one step in an overall very complicated problem to get to a very level playing field for all travel agents, fairness to all travel agents, without any profit impact to us but hopefully a more competitive price for the customer through all our distribution channels.  That is a very complicated answer to what sounded like a simple question, but thats why in meetings with our entire management team, we concluded that the correct first step was to eliminate commissions as we work toward the ultimate solution, and we are not there yet but weve taken the first step. 
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and what has been the initial reaction? 
Micky Arison: The initial reaction is that agents that can write or larger agents that can write airline tickets have complained and we understand their complaint. Hopefully most of them over time will understand that for the betterment of the entire distribution system, and again weve been loyal supporters of that distribution system for 35 years, they will understand that we are taking the right decision to grow our business and sell more cruises, which will be -- at higher yields, by the way -- which will be in the better interest of everybody. 
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Thomas with ABN Amro. Please go ahead. 
Nick Thomas - ABN Amro: Hello, there. I wonder if you could just discuss your views on yields in Europe. Its just the situation where the European brands constant dollar yields have been down in the third quarter and the general outlook youve given over the next few quarters, either down or flat. Do you see a concern that as the current Caribbean is recovering, that the difficulties youve seen there on yield are actually being exported into Europe -- 
Micky Arison: No, were not seeing difficulty on yield in Europe and one of the issues we have, one of the problems we have is that this focus, this over focus on yields has steered people in the wrong direction a lot. A great example of that is people who have focused on yields and talked to travel agents, they for the last -- since the Katrina situation, where we took a big hit in New Orleans and Cozumel and Caribbean went down, everybody knows this story, people have been talking about how a competitor or our competitors are outperforming us because their yields are this or their yields are that.  But during the post-Katrina period, we are the only major public cruise line that has made more money, has grown earnings. And the reality is weve got great cruise brands in Europe that are not very big and we are growing them at a very big rate. And because we are growing them at a very big rate, they are now creating -- we are now creating in those brands terrific scale. And so they can take a little bit lower yields to establish that scale and to increase their profitability and thats exactly what they are doing and they are doing a terrific job and we are delighted with their progress. 
Howard S. Frank: Just to add to that, Micky, even with flat or slightly lower yields, their operating income because they are getting the scale, their metrics, their cost metrics look so much better so that it is conservatively additive to their operating income at the same time they are establishing their market position in those countries. So it is a very positive -- what we see going on in Europe right now, contrary to what some people believe, is a very positive development for us. We are not worried about the yields. 
Micky Arison: The yields are terrific and the growth rate is terrific and the brands are very, very powerful. 
Nick Thomas - ABN Amro: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Ramskill with Dresdner. Please go ahead. 
Tim Ramskill - Dresdner Kleinwort: A few questions for me; firstly, youve talked about for the first and second quarters of next year, improvements in occupancy around about 6%, 7%. Could you just give us an indication of what magnitude that means by which the booking curve have moved in a certain number of weeks, or whatever?  And then secondly, just in terms of the balance sheet, it looks as if theres been a switch from some long-term debt into the short-term liabilities. Is that $1.2 billion of convertible debt, does that need refinancing soon? And if so, what is the outlook for the refinancing process? 
Howard S. Frank: Tim, what I said was, just to -- just a clarification; its not a percent increase in bookings. Its actual booking points, so that if, just to give you an example so you understand, were on the same wavelength here, if we are 50% booked, if it is six points up, we are 50% booked this year in some quarter, and Im not giving any quarter, versus 44% booked in the quarter a year ago, so we are six points up. Obviously as a percentage we are up more than that, but we do not -- 
Micky Arison: Which is capacity adjusted, obviously, because -- 
Howard S. Frank: Its adjusted for the increase in capacity, that percentage, yes. But we dont translate that actually into weeks in the booking curve because remember, we are talking about 12 different cruise brands with different booking curves, so what I was giving really was overall, an overall sense of the extension of the lengthening of the booking curve rather than any particular weeks or periods. 
Tim Ramskill - Dresdner Kleinwort: I was going to say, if I can ask the question slightly different, I guess what I was trying to get to is the strategy youve adopted in the Caribbean by offering greater discounts earlier, how much of an impact has that had on the pattern of the booking curve? 
Howard S. Frank: Actually, the Caribbean booking curve is further out than probably most other itineraries because we have been more aggressive on price and we have pushed the booking curve, and thats given us the ability to have less inventory left to sell and to manage that later inventory as it comes up for sale, so we can get overall better yields, so yes, the booking trend -- the curve for Caribbean is further out actually than many other itineraries.  On the debt to -- on the movement of the debt numbers, Davids going to respond to that. 
David Bernstein: Theres two items on the balance sheet. I assume you are referring to the convertible debt line subject to current puts. That currently stands at about $1.2 billion. That number at the end of August represents two of our three convertibles that are out there. We do have a third convert that will be put-able in October of 08, so at the end of the year, that number will grow because you will have all three converts on that line. Two of the three converts are in the money at the moment and one is out of the money, so predicting as to whether they need refinancing would be predicting the stock price, but thats the current situation right now.  As far as the current portion of the long-term debt, it stands at $1.4 billion, which will be paid off over the next 12 months but keep in mind we do have $1.4 billion of cash from the balance sheet and we also have three committed export credits for $1.2 billion that well be utilizing over the next 12 months as well. 
Tim Ramskill - Dresdner Kleinwort: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz with Burnham. Please go ahead. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Good morning. Briefly, two unrelated questions; first, given the pound or, excuse, Euro/dollar relationship, obviously you have delayed any new builds for North America or held them to a minimum. How much longer can you continue to do that and at the same time plan for the future of your North American operations? 
Micky Arison: All I can say is that we have taken a disciplined approach to new buildings. We have very, very favorable contracts through 2010. We continue to talk to yards. Im here in Venice. I spent the day on the Queen Victoria and spent the day with [Frank Cantari] over the last couple of days. We are constantly talking to yards. We are constantly looking at potential projects and when we have announcements to make, we will make them. But we will be dealing with a disciplined approach and making our investments in the brands and in the markets that can bring us our return hurdles, and we will be patient if necessary.  Remember, we are building 30-year assets and we are not trying to manage this business quarter to quarter. We are managing it for the long term. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: But you are also at the same time, excuse the interruption, transferring capacity out of existing North American brands, such as the Ibero situation, et cetera. So can you at one and the same time, continue to -- 
Micky Arison: You are right that we have 1,400 beds that we are transferring from Carnival to Iberojet, but at the same time we have 10,200 beds under construction for Carnival, so its not like we dont have beds coming. We have 10,200 beds under construction, at very favorable prices. 
Howard S. Frank: Let me just add there, David, that I dont think -- it was the kind of ship that Ibero needed. It wasnt because Carnival was necessarily desirous of moving that ship out of its fleet. I think Ibero wanted to start with the smaller ships in terms of expanding its fleet and in terms of its strategy, so there arent that many 1,500 passenger ships left in the fleet, whether its in Europe or in the U.S. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: I was talking to the age, Howard. I do apologize if I was misunderstood, but if you look at the number of vessels in the fleet that date back to the 80s and early 90s before some of the amenities such as balconies became a standard within the trade, you have quite a few of those. But if you move all of that capacity out, what happens starting in 2011, 2012, where you are going to have to make some commitments shortly? And that was the whole point of the question, and I apologize.  Let me ask my second question -- 
Micky Arison: Im not sure what you are talking about because we have in North America one ship that is older than 1990 left. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: What I said was late 80s and early 90s. 
Micky Arison: In the early 90s, if you are talking Fantasy Class, you know were doing the evolution of fun investments. Were investing a lot of money in those ships to make them very competitive for a very long time. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay. Second question, if I may, and this is just a point of clarification; when you announced that you were no longer going to be engaging in a merger with our friends in Germany, there was a statement in the press release indicating that talks were continuing about other potential options. Howard, when you spoke this morning, you made it sound as if those talks also have now ended by not referring to them when you said the merger was off. Could you enlighten us which is the proper way to look at this now, going forward? 
Howard S. Frank: I honestly dont recall that comment in the press release where we discussed that we were withdrawing the filings, David, but we are not having -- we have discontinued our conversations with -- that doesnt mean we couldnt go back and revisit some other strategies with them in the future. Its a huge company based throughout Europe and in North America as well, but there is nothing currently that we are talking about. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay, thank you very much. 
Micky Arison: I would like to point out though that what we did say was that we will refocus our energies in the German market using Costa as our traditional cruise brand, and Im happy to say that Costa just yesterday announced that they carried their 100,000th German this year, which shows you how powerful the Costa brand is in Germany. And we intend to redouble our efforts now to establish German Costa as our traditional German cruise brand for that market in an international style product, with AIDA continuing to grow with the club style product. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [Ari Johnson] with Exane. Please go ahead. 
Ari Johnson - Exane BNP Paribas: Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to know if you felt whether bookings were helped by the new U.S. passport rule, just some comment on this? 
Howard S. Frank: I dont think so. I dont think weve seen any impact recently from any changes in passport regulations or rulings. 
Micky Arison: I would say we were very concerned about having what happened happen -- in other words, huge backlogs of people trying to get passports and we were very concerned that that could affect our business.  When there was the requirement for passport or people expected there was, we didnt see an effect on our business, and when that was extended and they didnt, we didnt see an effect on our business. So there must have been some effect on somebodys business somewhere, because obviously those backlogs were discouraging people from traveling, but it appears maybe the Caribbean or Mexico had a little bit more effect. But we never really saw anything one way or the other. 
Ari Johnson - Exane BNP Paribas: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Reed with Teather & Greenwood Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mark Reed - Teather & Greenwood: Good morning. Two quick ones; just firstly, can you talk a little bit about the individual source markets in Europe where you are seeing particular strength and weakness? And Im just wondering on fuel; at what level do you consider alternative structures for fuel as surcharges spill out, hedging, et cetera? 
Micky Arison: Ill let Howard answer the individual European markets. I think it is pretty much across the board though, but we have and continue to consider fuel charges, fuel surcharges. We met recently with all the CEOs of our North American brands on the issue of fuel surcharges. We didnt reach a final consensus. Thats the same meetings where we decided on the air sea issue that I discussed earlier.  But as far as were concerned, thats a marketing issue more than anything else and it is still on the table. And if fuel continues to increase or stay at this level for an extended period of time, we will continue to discuss and consider fuel surcharges going forward. 
Howard S. Frank: On the issue of source markets in Europe and the strength of them, you know, largely as a result of the introduction of these new ships, the Queen Victoria, the Ventura in the U.K., bookings have been very strong in the U.K. I think these new ships are -- 
Micky Arison: I think AIDAs been tremendous, tremendous to AIDA Viva, tremendous response to Costa Serena -- I mean, weve seen it right across the board. 
Howard S. Frank: Yeah, its really, really pretty much across the board. Now remember, what I said is mid-teens; weve got something like a 16%, 17% increase in European capacity across the board as well but bookings have been pacing, which has been very positive. 
David Bernstein: One thing I would like to add, going back to the fuel surcharge to Mickys comments, is Costa and AIDA have actually implemented fuel surcharges. AIDA implemented it four weeks ago. Costa implemented it in Germany back in April and just recently, they implemented the rest of Europe fuel surcharges. 
Mark Reed - Teather & Greenwood: Right. Could you give a little bit more flavor on how that, what the initial findings have been to date? Have you been able to pass it all on to consumers? 
Micky Arison: Yes, the response has been excellent by consumers, completely understanding. We have evaluated that, given that feedback to our North American brands, and thats why I would say its -- based on everything weve seen in Europe, thats why its on the table and under consideration.  The question in Europe is its under a very, very strict set of regulations of when you can put it on, when you can take it off, based on different countries requirements on travel pricing, so it is a little bit different in Europe than it is in North America, but it is on the table and under consideration. 
Mark Reed - Teather & Greenwood: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Lyall with John W. Bristol. Please go ahead. 
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: I just had a follow-up on your comments about China, you know, making so much progress there by changing the sourcing strategy. Is that a transitory strategy until you get a greater critical mass and acceptance in China itself? Or is that likely to be the strategy going forward, and how does that affect your thoughts about adding capacity going forward? 
Howard S. Frank: I think its fair to say, Rick, that we needed to augment the Chinese market piece of this, the sourcing from China for the ships, so that we opened up the ship to the European market, and thats turned out to be very successful. Its a very different itinerary, though, then the cruises. Its a longer cruise itinerary than the cruises we offer in the Chinese market, which tend to be five-night cruises versus, you know, it could be seven, fourteen-night cruises.  I think as we build, but I think its transitory from the standpoint that as we build the Chinese market, well probably shift more and more of this, and we shift more and more sourcing to China, well then probably add capacity.  Whether and how we do that I think is still yet to be determined, but I think we are greatly encouraged by what we are seeing so far in terms of our ability to source more business out of Europe for the Chinese cruises, as well as continuing to build our market share in China, so we are very happy with it.  What the future is, I think it is still to be determined but clearly we are very encouraged by what we see so far. 
Micky Arison: I think the way to view this is that we went into China realizing wed have to make an investment, maybe made a bigger investment than we thought but understanding that there would be a learning curve and its a big learning curve and we are still in the early stages of it, but weve learned a tremendous amount in a year and Im sure well learn a tremendous amount more next year.  As we go through that process, Im sure well continue to adjust and improve our strategies in China, but we believe, as we did from the very beginning, the potential is enormous. We are starting to see passengers from China travel on more than just the China ship. We are starting to see business to a lot of our itineraries. We are very, very encouraged but it is early in the learning curve. I dont think we are making any final conclusions at this point. I think we are just early in the learning curve and well know a lot more in a year and two from now. 
Rick Lyall - John W. Bristol: Thank you. 
Howard S. Frank: Operator, well take one more question, if indeed there is one, and then well have to close it off. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Simon Champion with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, sir. 
Simon Champion - Deutsche Bank: Ive got a couple of questions; firstly, do you think the consolidation amongst the major tour operators in Europe has any impact on your ability to distribute product in Europe? I remember Peter used to talk about distributing a significant amount of product through Thomas Cook.  And the second question is, could you just give us a reminder where we are in terms of timing of the reconstruction of the Cozumel pier? Thanks. 
Micky Arison: Ill take the European distribution. We have excellent ongoing relationships with Thomas Cook and TUI. They are obviously key distributors for us but they are not sole distributors, they are not majority distributors but they are a very important segment of our distribution system. But the way we operate in the U.K. and Germany particularly is we offer our product, just like in North America, all the travel agents, support from lots of travel agents. So we are very happy with our relationships. We reinforced that after the mergers with both Manny and Peter and we are very, very happy with how thats going. 
Howard S. Frank: The Cozumel pier is under construction now and the timing is opening up I think fall of 08, so we are a little bit -- about a year away, a little bit more than a year away. 
Simon Champion - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. 
Howard S. Frank: Okay, with that, I am going to close it off. I think you all for listening in and if there are follow-on questions, Beth Roberts is here and shed be happy to take your call. Have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and we ask that you please disconnect your lines.
