===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro, Inc. First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Today's conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kristen Levy, Hasbro Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristen Levy: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro, Inc.'s Chief Executive Officer, and Gina Goetter, Hasbro, Inc.'s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Today's call will begin with Chris and Gina providing commentary on the company's performance, and then we'll plan to take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question and answer session that follows, members of Hasbro, Inc. management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I'd now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Fred, and good morning. Q1 delivered another clear proof point of our plan to win strategy at work. Play focused, partner scaled, and performing. Revenue rose 17% led by a surging Magic business. And continued strength in licensing. Wizards was up 46%, Consumer products was down 4%, driven by quarterly phasing due to a later Easter. But still ahead of plan. Both segments beat expectations. Adjusted operating profit jumped 50%, a result of favorable mix and the cost discipline embedded in our transformation program. Our games portfolio, an industry-leading licensing business, remained standout performers. High growth, high margin, and structurally resilient due to lower exposure to international sourcing. On tariffs, we acknowledge the challenge posed by the current global trade environment. While no company is insulated, Hasbro, Inc. is well positioned. Our US games business benefits from largely digital or domestic sourcing. Maintaining low COGS and healthy margins. We make many of our board games just up the road in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts. Not far away from where Milton Bradley printed his first board games in the 1860s. Wizards has low tariff exposure. With sub $10 million in expected duty for the year. Most of our domestic supply is produced in North Carolina and Texas. With the balance from Kyoto, Japan. Our licensing business is primarily digital or minimum guarantee based, with manageable partner exposure. While our toy segment faces higher exposure, we're responding proactively. Our asset-light sourcing model means we can rapidly shift production to help mitigate tariff impacts. We're accelerating our $1 billion cost savings plan to offset tariff pressures internally. While targeted pricing actions remain likely, we are prioritizing key price points and strengthening retail partnerships. We will work to capture market share and shelf space through our growth and optimize brands at critical consumer-friendly price points. Particularly $9.99 and $19.99. We want the hundreds of millions of families and fans we serve each year to keep experiencing unbeatable value at the shelf. Whether it's an all-new home play set for Peppa Pig and our growing family, a play booster for Magic's Final Fantasy Universe's Beyond collaboration, or a hot new action figure for Marvel's upcoming Fantastic Four movie. We're also thinking long term as we play to win. Especially with partners. A superpower of Hasbro, Inc.'s. This week, we announced the extension of our multi-decade licensing agreement with Disney Consumer Products for Marvel and Star Wars. With enhanced category rights in preschool, Play-Doh, action, and role play. Combined with the Marvel agreement for Magic: The Gathering, our collaboration with one of the world's most valuable brand portfolios has never been stronger. Expect more announcements of new partnerships with leading brands across toys, games, and video games aimed at all demographics. Further solidifying our position for long-term success. Looking ahead, while we remain hopeful for a more favorable trade environment, we must acknowledge the costs imposed by current tariffs. Even with Hasbro, Inc.'s relative strength and flexibility, logistics are becoming more complex, and changes in receivables and shipping dynamics present a challenge. Ultimately, tariffs translate into higher consumer prices. Potential job losses as we adjust to absorb increased costs, and reduced profits for our shareholders. Our guidance is unchanged supported by our robust games and licensing businesses and our strategic flexibility but prolonged tariff conditions create structural costs and heightened market unpredictability. Hasbro, Inc. produces a substantial amount of product in the US and around the world, has served as an engine of local jobs, creativity, and innovation for over a hundred years. And licenses to hundreds of American companies employing tens of thousands of American workers. Across toys, games, entertainment, experiences, and more. As such, we fully endorse the toy association's advocacy for zero tariffs on toys and games globally. Either on US exports, or on imports. Other toy associations around the world are quickly joining the advocacy efforts. We believe there should be free and fair trade for toys. An industry critical not only to hundreds of thousands of American jobs, but also to the joy and developmental well-being of millions of children, families, and fans across the US and worldwide. Before handing it over, let me extend my sincere thanks to our team and partners. Our strong performance amid challenging conditions can be directly attributed to your dedication, agility, and shared ambition. In an unpredictable environment, our greatest assets remain our people, and our valued partners. They are what truly enable us to play to win. Now, over to Gina.
Gina Goetter: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. We are off to a strong start in 2025, delivering growth across revenue, profit, and operating margin. While continuing to execute on our strategic priorities. Our Q1 performance reflects early traction from our play to win strategy, ongoing transformation initiatives, and a continued focus on cost discipline and profitable growth. Net revenue in the first quarter was $887 million, up 17% versus prior year driven by growth in Magic, and MonopolyGo. Adjusted operating profit increased 50% to $222 million reflecting a 25.1% adjusted margin, a 5.5 point improvement over last year, due to the favorable business mix. Adjusted earnings per diluted share rose 70% to $1.04 driven by top line growth, margin expansion and broader expense management. From a segment perspective, Wizards of the Coast in digital gaming once again led the charge. Segment revenue grew 46% to $462 million with growth across both Magic Tabletop and digital licensing. Magic delivered a strong quarter with revenue up 45% driven by healthy demand for recent releases, and ongoing engagement in backlist content. The strong performance in Q1 reinforces our confidence in the momentum and stickiness of the business across our core consumers. Our licensed digital gaming portfolio grew 56% in Q1, driven by Monopoly Go lapping the minimum guarantee for the final quarter. This game is now celebrating its second anniversary and has announced the next third party IP collaboration with Lucasfilms and Star Wars launching in the game on May 1st. Operating margin in Wizards reached 49.8%, up 11 points year over year. Driven by mix and leverage from top line growth. Consumer products revenue declined 4% to $398 million finishing slightly better than our original expectations. Behind strength in licensing. Importantly, the segment's adjusted operating loss of $31 million improved 18% versus last year, and adjusted operating margin improved 140 basis points reflecting progress on our cost transformation, and lower promotional activity. Through the first quarter, we saw minimal impact from tariffs across our cost structure, or customer order patterns. The entertainment segment declined modestly with revenue down 5% to $27 million primarily due to deal timing. Segment adjusted operating profit held flat year over year at $17 million. Across total Hasbro, Inc., we continue to unlock savings from our transfer. Total adjusted EBITDA was $274 million, up 59% versus the prior year with margin expansion supported by $22 million of gross cost savings from our operational excellence initiative. On the cash side, we generated $138 million in operating cash funded $52 million in strategic investments, and returned $98 million to shareholders via our dividend. We also paid down $50 million in long term debt keeping us on track to meet our gross leverage target of 2.5 times by 2026. As we look at the remainder of the year, we're encouraged by the strength of our Q1 results and the early execution of our strategic priorities. That said, we're operating in a dynamic macro environment. The expanded rate on imports from China, and potential reciprocal tariffs on other toy manufacturing hubs including Vietnam and India, is creating volatility and introducing a range of scenarios for how the year could unfold. To stay ahead of this uncertainty, we're making targeted operational pivots. We're further rationalizing our SKU portfolio, to prioritize velocity and margin, reassessing our logistics routes and manufacturing to reduce exposure, and accelerating efforts to diversify our sourcing footprints. Today, roughly 50% of our US toy and game volume originates from China, and we're accelerating plans to bring that down meaningfully starting this year. China will continue to be a major manufacturing hub for us globally. In large part due to specialized capabilities, developed over decades. In parallel, we're partnering closely with our customers to manage inventory flows, and work through a range of pricing strategies tailored to different trade outcomes and protect key price points. These actions ensure we remain agile and margin focused even as the external conditions evolve. With that context, let's turn to our 2025 total company outlook. We are pulling a lot of levers and making a number of puts and takes in our assumptions. The net is we are keeping full company guidance unchanged. While we are dealing with a wide range of potential tariffs, retailer, and consumer outcomes, our games business, and our strategic flexibility gives us options. I'd like to spend a couple of minutes to unpack how we are modeling the cost of tariffs impacts to the toy category, both in terms of retailer ordering and consumer takeaway, and provide more color on our supply chain and pricing direction. Our forecast assumes various scenarios for China tariffs ranging from 50% to the rate holding at 145%, and 10% for the rest of world. This translates to an estimated $100 million to $300 million gross impact across the enterprise in 2025, before any mitigation. As I mentioned, our team has moved quickly to offset activating a range of levers including sourcing optimization and diversification, coordination with retail partners on SKU assortment and promotion activity, and readying targeted pricing actions. We've also modeled multiple scenarios around how the tariffs could impact our consumer products revenue, anchoring our assumptions to prior significant events including the 2008 and 2009 Great Recession and COVID. Factoring in all the mitigating levers, we estimate that the net profit impact in 2025 to be between $60 million to $180 million. The range in outcomes is dependent on final trade policy, customer order patterns, and consumer behavior. Turning to the wizard segment, given the broad based strength in the Q1 results, we are raising our full year outlook and now expect revenue to grow mid to high teens with a low 40s operating margin. This increase is driven by strong demand signals we're seeing across upcoming universes beyond releases. Including Final Fantasy, Spider Man, and Avatar The Last Air Bender. These sets are generating early excitement across both core and new fan segments, reinforcing the strength of our multi franchise strategy. As we scale these temple releases, it's important to note that we will begin to accumulate higher royalty expenses starting in Q2. This is fully contemplated in our outlook and consistent with the broader strategy to grow high margin franchise led revenue across our portfolio and attract new and lapsed fans. The momentum in Wizards provides a strategic buffer as we navigate broader cost pressures in consumer products. At this stage, we don't have sufficient clarity to credibly adjust our full year consumer products guidance. The range of potential outcomes tied to the evolving tariff environment remains wide and we are continuing to assess the implications in real time. Until we see greater certainty on the scope and timing of these trade measures, and how they could influence customer order patterns and consumer behavior, we believe it is prudent to leave our outlook unchanged while actively managing the levers within our control. As part of this, we're accelerating elements of our cost savings program. Now targeting $175 million to $225 million in gross savings this year. As we look for additional profit offsets. Despite macro uncertainty, a combination of CP mitigation, wizards outperformance, and accelerated cost savings gives us a line of sight to delivering on our full year financial commitments. Our capital allocation priorities for the year are unchanged. We continue to invest behind the core growth engines of the business, namely Magic and Digital Games, while maintaining discipline and flexibility in an evolving macro environment. In light of current trade uncertainty, we are placing even greater emphasis on balance sheet health, and liquidity. We remain committed to our long term leverage targets and are taking a balanced approach to returning capital and prioritizing debt reduction. We have kept our Q2 dividend unchanged. To wrap up, as we move through the rest of 2025, we're executing with focus, scaling our high margin growth engines, actively managing volatility, and accelerating cost transformation. Our Q1 performance affirms the durability and advantage of our diverse model and gives us line of sight to delivering full year commitments. Even in a dynamic environment. We remain disciplined in capital deployment responsive to external risks and confident in our ability to create value across the balance of the year. We'll now turn it back to the operator to take your questions.
Operator: We'll now be conducting a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press The confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. You may press star two if you'd like to remove your question from the queue. For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. In the interest of time, we ask participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up. One moment please while we pull for questions. Thank you. Our first question is from Christopher Horvers with KPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christian Carlino: Hi. Good morning. It's Christian Carlino on for Chris. Appreciate the color on how you're thinking about tariffs. Just given the consumers felt so much inflation over the past couple of years, can you talk through the different scenarios you're thinking about in the event the 145% on China holds? And how toy spend is impacted relative to the broader impact on the consumer's wallet.
Chris Cocks: Sure. Good morning, Christian. Before I answer the question, in case there was any doubt, we kicked off the call with Fred Wightman, our VP of Investor Relations. It wasn't Kristen Levy with a serious goal. So Kristen is still here. Yeah. Kristen is still here. Kristen. So we've looked at a variety of scenarios and, you know, I would say we have a pretty cautious outlook in terms of what the impact of the current tariff regime would have. You know, basically, we see the impact to consumer spending on the category consistent with what happened with the 2008, 2009 recession. The toy category was down roughly mid single digits. Hasbro, Inc. fared a bit better at that time based on entertainment roadmaps. And innovation that we had, as well as Wizards of the Coast. And then in terms of what we think the inflation it We went back to 2020 and 2021. With the early days of COVID. So we basically see a combination of inflation and some in recessionary pressures on the macro. That said, you know, we think the toy category early in 2025, and we think this will extend throughout the year, will kind of reassert its traditional focus on resiliency or its traditional position of resiliency. It tends to be a category of small luxuries. Tends to be a category which is heavily gift oriented. And so we think it's going to fare better than other discretionary categories or other experience categories. So that's kind of the puts and the takes we have. Obviously, if tariffs change, that outlook will change. But right now, that's our base. It's at 145% with China and 10% everywhere else.
Christian Carlino: Got it. That's really helpful. I think could you talk to, you know, what are your conversations with retailers like? There's media reports about some big players canceling orders from China, but it sounds like you're not seeing that. And could you maybe talk about how much of this pressure is being absorbed by maybe the third party manufacturers versus the retailers? Are you seeing retailers go to more direct imports to negotiate direct with the manufacturers and just any color there on how the impact is being shared across.
Gina Goetter: Got it. Good morning, Christian. You know, our conversations with the retailers are pretty fluid. For as many curve balls that are being thrown at us, the same kind of curve balls are being thrown to them. And everyone is taking a slightly different approach with how they're managing their inventory and their order pattern. So we haven't seen, you know, on the big three, we're not seeing a ton of canceled orders. And different thinking of how gonna approach the holiday. But we are having very active discussions on how we're managing inventory as we move through, say, this Q2 period and then Q3, which is when you tend to see the resets start to happen ahead of the holiday season. So nothing hugely material in terms of orders being canceled or seeing instances, as you said in your or asked in your question of them going directly to the manufacturer. But we are seeing some shifts on how we're thinking about the phasing. Throughout the year.
Chris Cocks: Yeah. Just to add a little bit more color, You know, I would say our first principle in all of this is don't overreact. And I think our retail partners have appreciated that perspective. Now Hasbro, Inc. is able to come from a privileged perspective on that. You know, somewhere around 45% to 50% of our US sales are either domestically sourced or based on digital or licensing from domestic companies. So that gives us a little bit more buffer than the typical toy company which is 80% plus of their volume comes from China and most of it the rest from Southeast Asia. So, you know, in terms of our discussions with retailers, we're talking a lot about okay, how can we keep prices as consistent as possible for consumers, especially for items that we think will be fantastic gifts, that kids will be asking for and moms and dads and aunts and uncles will wanna give. That said, we are having discussions around pricing. More broadly. You know, at this level of tariffs, I don't think you can avoid it. But generally speaking, I think it's a set of discussions in the spirit of partnership. The one thing I'll add to a little bit on what Gina said is we are seeing a change from direct import to domestic. And that will change the nature of the timing of when our orders will be fulfilled. You know, I think Q2 is pretty dynamic, but I definitely think Q2 will be impactful import. That said, we might be able to compensate for it on domestic. We'll probably have to give you guys some updates as the quarter goes on. On future conferences.
Gina Goetter: How about this for the longest answer ever to this question? I'm gonna add one more point to Chris' comment. The other strength or opportunity that we have with our retailers, the discussions that we're having we're anticipating some shelf opportunities and stepping into some white space. So, again, with the health of our inventory, with the health of our kind of supply chain and how diversified we are, we're also using this opportunity that partner with all of our retailers to step into some new opportunities as well. So we're trying to play both defense and offense at the same time.
Christopher Horvers: Super helpful. Thank you very much. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question is from Megan Clapp with Morgan Stanley.
Megan Clapp: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much. My first question is just a bit more of a clarification, and then I have a follow-up on wizards. So the clarifying question is, Chris, I think you said something in your prepared remarks just about prolonged the potential for prolonged tariffs. Creating structural cost and uncertainty. And I wanted to just clarify, is that meant to say that the exposure or the kind of headwind that Gina talked about this year, could that get worse next year? Is that what you were meaning to imply from a cost perspective? Obviously, you'll have to lap through it as it rolls into 2026 given inventory. But I just wanted to maybe if you could expand upon what exactly that comment meant.
Chris Cocks: Yeah. Well, I think it's two things. I think the first thing, you're correct. In that, you know, right now, we're able to basically defer paying a bunch of tariffs because, you know, for the first four or five months of the year, we're not having a large number of deliveries. So there will be incremental tariff exposure that you'd have next year if the current duties continued. That would be a headwind. The second thing is by moving things around in our supply chain, we have a lot of flexibility. Like, you know, by the end of this year, hundreds of SKUs will be for the US. Will be moved from China-based manufacturing to alternate locations. And, you know, I think we're gonna meaningfully accelerate our diversification efforts in terms of where we can source product from. Right now, we source it from eight countries. That's probably gonna expand to nine to ten. In the very near term. I think you're gonna meaningfully see a big difference in terms of the percentage of product coming from China to the US. Much faster than what we previously communicated. Some of that though comes with a cost. You know, when we manufacture board games in the US, it is significantly more expensive to manufacture here than it is in China, for instance. If we move products like sourcing for Play-Doh from China, which is where it's dominantly sourced from the US today, to Turkey, which we've been using to source to Europe. There is a cost associated with that because the logistics in Turkey are just kind of different. And we were looking at that across multiple product lines. We feel like over time, we'll be able to manage the bulk of that. And we'll be able to make these changes on a cost-neutral basis. But at least in the midterm, that increased complexity and that increased load on new logistics centers will have some costs associated with our outlook.
Gina Goetter: Yeah, Megan. As you think about the phasing of that gross impact that I had in my that is really all in the back half. So just as you think about what that is gonna mean for 2026, the absolute kind of annualized number goes up. Now to Chris' point, all of the work that we have to diversify our supply chain and move kind of move product around, that will help to mitigate probably the bigger number that you would calculate. But that's why kind of as you think of this year's impact versus next year's impact, there's still a material headwind coming at us.
Megan Clapp: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on wizard. So really strong performance and magic in particular in 1Q. It sounds like you're raising the guide both for the 1Q outperformance versus your expectations as well as some better expectations for the remainder of the year. Is there any way to kind of parse out what is being raised for one queue versus the rest of the year and related to that, you know, you're incorporating some additional it seems like, conservatism just around the consumer into CP. Are you doing the same in Wizards?
Chris Cocks: Well, we'll tag team this between Gina and I. So I'd say wizards had meaningful outperformance in Q1. We also think it's gonna do pretty darn well in Q2. Just to give some color on that, Final Fantasy will be the best selling set of all time. On day one. It already is. And so then it'll have room to run in Q3 and Q4. And we feel really good about the back half releases as well, particularly the new universes beyond sets. You know, as we look at Wizards, our store count is up 20% versus what it was 18 months ago. It's very clear to us that Universe is Beyond as a strategy has increased the total active installed base of Magic players. Both in terms of reigniting lapsed fans as well as bringing in new fans. And just historically, Magic has been very economically macro resilient. You know, in 2008, 2009, it was growing double digits. It's a passion-based game. That's not really tied and the collectors aren't really tied to the S&P 500. Or the performance thereof. So we feel pretty good about where Wizards is sitting and pretty confident in our guidance raise for it.
Gina Goetter: So if you think about then the Phase remember back in February, we said that Q1 and Q4 for Wizards were going to be the strongest growth quarters. And we continue to believe that. As you look at the ones those sandwiched in the middle of Q2 and Q3, they're stronger. Q2 is gonna look a little bit goofy because of some of the comps. So we are expecting Q2 revenue to be down in Q2. Magic will be up. It'll be a healthy Magic growth business. But we're comping one, you know, to a lesser extent the difference in Baldur's Gate and Monopoly Go this year versus last year. But then also remember to a bigger extent, we have had a favorable licensing settlement last year that benefited revenue that we're lapping. So when we come to Q2, you'll see probably low single digit declines in revenue. And then from a margin standpoint, still very healthy, but you'll see that big step up in royalty expense as we launch Universe is Beyond. So I think the way that most models have been set with that growth Q1, Q4, that's the right way to think about it. And the middle two quarters, got a little bit better, but there's a little bit of bumpiness just given comps.
Megan Clapp: Okay. Super helpful. Thank you.
Gina Goetter: Thanks, Megan.
Operator: Our next question is from James Hardiman with Citi.
James Hardiman: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So wanted to dig in a little bit. I think, Chris, you talked about the conservative nature of the guide. And I guess specifically, I think it's slide sixteen, the bridge slide. And I love a good bridge. So Everyone loves a good bridge slide. Everybody loves a good bridge. So I wanna make sure we're all capturing all the information that's in that slide. I think what this would suggest is that you're factoring in the full brunt of the 145% and anything less than that we would ultimately have led to a higher adjusted EBITDA guide versus where you previously were. And then I think there were some also some comments about sort of the industry assumptions in a prepared remarks. I guess, you know, the second part of the question would be I mean, GFC level industry declines and COVID level inflation is that also sort of what's built into this unchanged EBITDA guide? And if we get anything better than that, would that also ultimately be upside to the number?
Chris Cocks: Good morning, James. I just wanna clarify my quote because on advice of counsel, you'll never hear me say conservative. I know. Guy. I a call. I always say cautious. So but I'm gonna let Gina take this one.
Gina Goetter: Good clarification. So good question. I think your synopsis is generally right. So and when you look at the waterfall chart on page sixteen, what is embedded in that red bar is that higher tariff rate of 145%. And an assumption that the retail sales follow similar trends to what we saw in 2008 and 2009. Like, the overall kind of macro was down, call it, six to eight percent. And that's what we have factored in to our outlook for that kind of worst worst case scenario. Now to your point, if we weren't on the worst case and we go to the other side, would our guide be up? Yes. Probably. However, you know, one of the muscles that we're flexing is we're pulling in and accelerating a lot of the cost savings pipeline initiatives that we had in motion. So there could be you know, if it starts to mitigate some, you might see us slow down or rethink the pacing of some of those. But by and large, I mean, the strength of Wizards and the momentum that we have there in and of itself was would have probably taken us over. If that if that red bar wasn't there.
James Hardiman: Got it. That all makes a ton of sense. And then maybe help us sort of handicap the risk of the rest of the world. Seems to me that that at least one of the incremental surprises coming out of liberation day was the heavy handed nature on the rest of the world, right, outside of China. And so much of your sort of diversification strategy has been to move out of China into some of these other countries that are now being tariff to a to a certain degree. Like, you know, that ten percent number. And who knows what's ultimately gonna happen in July, but maybe help us understand the CPX exposure to the rest of the world specifically those ten percent tariff countries, and how you think about, again, moving production out of China. You know, a lot of these countries seem like safe havens and I don't know. How do you even make decisions in this current environment? Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Well, I think that goes back first principle just answering your last question, which is don't overreact. Our assumption is that we will get to a reasonable and logical trade policy ultimately once all the negotiations are done. We're not making any kind of hopeful assumptions that at that happens soon. Our guidance is based off of 145 and 10% reciprocal everywhere else. And we're assuming that that holds for the balance of the year. If the reciprocal tariffs increased, and China did not change, that would be a headwind, obviously. And we would have to take that into account. You know, in terms of how we're thinking about the rest of the world in terms of a market and not just as a supply a source of supply, we see it as an opportunity. You know, our business is under indexed a bit inside of Europe. We see a lot of retailer excitements for some of the new product lines we have. You know, the new Peppa Pig products that we have, all the great marble stuff that we have coming out. Magic certainly is looking like it's gonna be a winner in markets like Europe and Japan. So we see some potential for upside there, especially as we kind of prioritize where our SKUs are going and where our marketing dollars are going. In terms of market upside. APAC, likewise, we see some opportunities there. And then the other thing that we're doing a lot of is starting to look at ODMs in Vietnam, India, and even China in terms of more value SKUs and getting more aggressive about real low price points and driving some breakthrough pricing opportunities for market like LatAm in Southeast Asia. Via our everyone plays initiative as part of play to win. So, you know, I'd say 145 and 10 is our base outlook. If that changes, to the negative, it certainly is a headwind. What we don't necessarily have factored into our guide though is hey, is there any market upside in terms of kind of shifting SKUs and shifting our marketing priorities? And so we'll play that out over the next couple of months.
Gina Goetter: Yeah. With our team, we're really trying to avoid the analysis paralysis and the churn that that can cause on decision making. So we're staying very focused on what is known. And right now, what is known is the 145 and the ten. All of the moves that we're making both within our supply chain as well as with our customer base, we would categorize as no regret moves. Like, it is good for us to have a more diversified footprint, so we'll just keep moving on that path.
James Hardiman: Got it. Really helpful. Thanks, Chris. Thanks, Gina.
Gina Goetter: Thank you. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and thanks for all the detail you already provided. Sorry to go back to the tariff sensitivity slide, but could you maybe clarify, is it fair to assume that those mitigating efforts will include bringing China exposure for consumer products below substantially below the 50% mark. I think you had given 40% exposure for China for 2026 before. I guess, do you have a sense of where that could be? For next year as of today to the extent you can predict that? And then in terms of other mitigating factors, you know, whether it's cost saves, you know, to find ways to make things cheaper or taking pricing it possible for you to detail sort of assumptions there. Let's say, making things cheaper could offset x percent of impact and then pricing will offset the rest to the extent it's possible to quantify. I know it's very difficult this point. You're probably looking at thousand factors. A thousand factors. That's probably right.
Gina Goetter: Good questions, and good morning. I'm gonna I'll start by saying first, we are a global company. China is gonna continue to remain an important manufacturing hub for us. And while our US toy and gate business is roughly 55% of our revenue, 45% of it is okay with getting goods from China. So China is always gonna be a manufacturing hub for us. As we think about our moves from the fifty, you know, to your point, we said back in February, we're on a path to move to under forty by 2026. We are speeding that up. So we are accelerating our efforts there. It will you know, we're targeting to be below that forty percent by 2026. We are still kind of nailing down final plans and final product lines and what all this is gonna mean with our with the supplier base etcetera. So I'm not gonna give you an exact percentage now. But I think that the path we were on to get to forty by 2026 is going to be faster than that. As you think about then the mitigating levers that we have again, I'm not gonna give you exact dollars because they're all in the way that you've laid it out, they're all kind of muddled together. But there's really if you go from that gross impact I'll just anchor to the high end of the range of three hundred million dollars kind of gross exposure down to the one hundred and eighty, what we're seeing is the net impact. There's really three big things to focus on. And we've talked a lot about the supply chain. That's the first big thing. And just how we're both shifting product around our existing manufacturing base, how we're managing inventory levels, how we're then kind of accelerating diversification that provides a big mitigating lever for us. The second piece is on how we're managing our products in the broader portfolio. So we have done a significant amount of SKU reduction leading up SKU kind of rationalization as we led into this year. We're continuing to evaluate what makes sense in this current environment for the US market. So some of our higher priced items or products that we just don't think are gonna be tenable with from a profitability standpoint with a hundred forty five percent tariff on. We're taking different choices on. So that's kind of the next lever is that we're really focused on product all of our DTV efforts and how that influences product cost, we're accelerating there. And then the third piece of mitigating actions has everything to do with customer and commercial. How we're thinking about pricing and writing the pricing actions, how we're managing our allowances with the retailers. Now all and when we talk about allowances, those are all the dollars that are sitting within gross to net. How we put those either to better use or drop them altogether. So taken together, supply chain, how we're thinking about products, how we're thinking about commercial customer pricing, that's what gets us to kind of that one hundred twenty million dollar difference between gross to net.
Arpiné Kocharyan: That's very, very helpful, Gina. Thank you. And then one quick follow-up, you know, have you done any price elasticity of demand work to basically say, you know, x percent of growth in pricing is x percent impact on demand. I know it's difficult, right, especially in this environment, but anything you could share with investors to sort of help them think through pricing as a mitigating factor.
Chris Cocks: Well, we have. There's not a lot that I can share publicly since most of it's proprietary. We definitely think $9.99 and $19.99 are important. We definitely think innovation and having a toy that has a must-have factor to it, something that the kid asks for, and you know, is based off of a passion-based purchase is also super important. And then last but not least, having great brands backed by fantastic fan bases and big entertainment moments is also super important. And so when you look at, like, what we just announced with Disney, there's no bigger brands in the toy aisle. Than Marvel and Star Wars. We're thrilled to be extending our multi-decade partnership with them. We've been working with Walt Disney Company since the 1950s think Snow White was and Cinderella were one of our first collaborations together. And, you know, I love their road map. What they have coming up in 2026 and what they just announced. At their Star Wars event in Japan a week or so ago for 2027. I think bodes pretty favorably for what the future is for that. And that's just one partnership in a series of partnerships that you're gonna be hearing from us over the next several months and quarters. That we're going to bring the best brands to our aisles that have the highest pricing power and the surest demand. And, you know, I think that's gonna position us favorably over the long term.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Handler with ROTH Capital.
Eric Handler: Good morning. Thanks for the question. You had pretty significant outperformance from Magic in the quarter. At least relative to my model. I wonder if you could sort of rank, like, where all that upside came from?
Chris Cocks: So I think it's a couple things. We did have a bit of an extra set or half an extra set in terms of a remastered set. Our backlist performed very, very well. And then early ordering for Tartier Dragon Storm has been very strong. So, you know, probably the biggest thing was, like, the backlist over performance. And then secret layer has actually been doing pretty well. I mean, the whole magic business is just it's difficult to identify just one thing. Really, I think what we're seeing on Magic is an expansion of the player base when you expand the player base, it's just a great opportunity to engage them with more products and kind of create a network effect amongst the players and the collecting community. And we see that only strengthening as the year goes.
Eric Handler: Thanks, Chris. And then one question on sort of manufacturing. Like, how easy is it to just pick up and leave a China manufacturing plant? How much lead time do you need to sort of switch over to another country? And, you know, can you do that before peak manufacturing times for the holidays for this year, or is this more of a 2026 event?
Gina Goetter: Yeah. Good question. Yeah. I would I'll say it's more of a 2026 event. I mean, obviously, the moves and the work is happening now. And it depends on capabilities. There's some countries that have the capabilities and the infrastructure in place, so it's just a matter of kind of the development and quality engineering work that needs to happen to shift. In others, there's a brand new build of capability. So it kind of runs the spectrum in terms of the length of time. But if you kind of anchor back to what we said in February, it was gonna take us a couple of years to move from that 50% down to under 40. And now we're saying, oh, gosh. We're gonna get there a lot sooner. So we're speeding up the time to get that diversification.
Chris Cocks: Yeah. And it depends on the category, Eric. So, like, for Play-Doh, it's, you know, send the boat to the US. Don't send the boat to Italy from Turkey. And then send the boat from China to Europe. For Nerf, where we have a very large India-based footprint, we are able to, like, change production but, you know, not necessarily where the SKUs are produced. So we are changing what the SKU mix looks like inside of the aisle for the US so that we can favor India-based SKUs, which maybe are older SKUs but are tried and true. But the benefit there is most of our competition, the white label competition and, you know, some of our other named competitors, they're solely China-based. So we actually could come to market with a pricing advantage versus them. So it's category by category. I think where you're gonna find China-based manufacturing the stickiest is really anything with electronics anything with super high-end deco. And then, surprisingly, anything made out of foam. Except for darts. Except for darts. Yeah. But, like, foam role play, that tends to be a very specialized set of capabilities in Chinese manufacturing.
Eric Handler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Perry with Bank of America.
Alex Perry: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions here, and congrats on a strong quarter. Alright. I guess good morning. Gina, I just wanted to bridge some of your comments on the segment guide. So the outlook for CP unchanged, but now factoring in bigger levels of industry declines, I think you were at sort of flat to down 4% last time in the CP top line guide. You raised the Wizards top line guide pretty significantly. Op margins come up, but reiterated sort of consolidated for, you know, full company guide. I guess, is the is the puts and takes, like, a lower CP implied op margin offset by the higher wizards op profit contribution, like, I just wanted to make sure, you know, we're sort of clear on, you know, the segment puts and takes. Thanks.
Gina Goetter: Yeah. Good question. I mean, I think we spelled out wizards, so that's and that should be pretty clear of where we're rising both. We're rising both or raising both the revenue outlook and the operating margin outlook. In terms of CP, we're leaving it unchanged just given the wide range and potential outcome here. So when you think of the net impact of, you know, $60 million to $180 million if it's if it's on that higher end of the range of $180, you'll see a higher revenue loss and you'll see those operating margins to your point, they're gonna come down in the mid single digit range. Just as it absorb we just can't absorb the entirety of the of the cost impact in the margin structure. But if you go to the other end of the range, if we net out there, you know, it's if the trade policy kind of starts to calm down a bit, if we don't see as much negative reaction from consumers or our customer order patterns remain steady. If we if we end on that lower end of the range, we stay then within spitting distance of our of our original guide. So that's why right now we just don't have enough clarity to narrow that down any further. Hopefully, you know, by the time we get to July, we're able to provide a bit more precision there, but it's a pretty wide guide. But I think how you said it in terms of mid single digits on CP, and then you've got the wizards. Both the Wizards upside as well as trying to accelerate all of these cost savings in the pipeline, that's what's helping to absorb it.
Alex Perry: Really helpful. And then just my follow-up question. I wanted to circle back on price. And, you know, what parts of the portfolio do you have the most ability to raise price? Would you ever consider, you know, price increases on parts of the portfolio that seem like they have, you know, significant momentum right now like Magic, or will it all be sort of concentrated in the toy portfolio where you're, you know, seeing the most tariff exposure?
Chris Cocks: I think we're gonna pick and choose. So, you know, pricing is ultimately gonna be a discussion with our retail partners. And, ultimately, what price ends up on shelves is up to them. We're gonna work hard to try to figure out how to hit those magic price points for the items that we think are most exciting. And or minimize any price increases associated with hot items that we think have a lot of good innovation. We've got a lot of cool products coming out this fall. You know, we're refreshing the entire Peppa Pig line with the new baby on the way. We think Play-Doh Barbie is the most exciting new innovation to hit the arts and crafts category. You know, potentially ever. We think that's a huge collaboration and happy to be partnering with Mattel on it. Likewise, we have a lot of opportunities across board games and games. Magic is really on fire. You know, I think our default is to not pass on price wherever possible and instead to drive share and drive shelf space opportunities. That said, we are going to have to raise prices inside of a 145% tariff regime with China. We're just trying to do it as selectively as possible. And minimize the burden to, you know, the fans and families that we serve.
Alex Perry: Perfect. That's incredibly helpful. Best of luck going forward.
Gina Goetter: Thanks, Alex. Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Laszczyk with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Laszczyk: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I'm curious if you'd update us a little bit more on the conversations. Maybe you're having at this point with retailers going into holiday. I imagine most retailers are trying to stay as flexible as they can for as long as they possibly can ahead of any potential reprieve on the tariff side. Could you just remind us maybe of the timing of how that plays out throughout the year and maybe when is the last possible moment that retailers would need to make a decision around holiday orders as we head into late summer early fall.
Gina Goetter: Yeah. Good morning, Susan. Yeah. The very fluid is how I would describe discussions with our retailers. And to your point right now, in this moment where we're sitting in April, the holidays are a long ways away. So when you think about order patterns what we are planning for and you I think Chris said it in Q&A here already this morning. We're planning for Q2 to have a pretty material shift in both kind of DI versus Dom. As the retailers themselves are managing their inventories. So some of that order pattern that enters. As we think about the back half of the year, when we can model out our revenue, there's not a material change in terms of the back half of the year really represents about still call it 60%, 65% of our revenue base. We expect our inventory to then gonna be more moving up from us to our retailers to be more back half loaded into Q3 and Q4. We don't see any material change in how retailers are thinking about the holidays. But to your point, they are making the Do I here in, you know, May and June, or do I wait until we're closer to the holiday resets, which are gonna happen in, call it, September September, October. So that's how we've contemplated our phasing. That's what is all embedded in our guide in the range of outcomes. But if you think about what's CP is gonna look like in Q2, it's going to be a down quarter for us. Just given the change in the order patterns there. And then we kind of build back as we move through Q3, Q4.
Stephen Laszczyk: Thanks. That's really helpful. And then maybe one on Monopoly Go. It looks like revenues accelerated here in the first quarter. Curious if you could just speak a little bit more to the momentum you're seeing there, what's been working so well to keep that IP going, and then any updates to your outlook and terms of the decay you're factoring into the guidance?
Chris Cocks: Well, I think first and foremost, Scalise made a fantastic game based on a fantastic brand. So it's very sticky. They're having excellent player engagement. They're doing good events. With major partners. They just announced a new one with Star Wars, which I think kicks off in a month or so. So they've just been doing a really good job. And I think they're getting to a more mature place in terms of, you know, how much they have to spend in terms of driving new player engagement, new player adoption. Which was a favorable aspect of the quarter for us. I think our previous guidance of about $10 million a month in terms of what we'll make is fair for the balance of the year. And what we're currently modeling in our outlook.
Stephen Laszczyk: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Our next question is from Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: Hey, good morning. I just want to ask a quick question on POS, which was in the back of the doc strong revenue performance with sort of a weaker market share performance. And I'm wondering if maybe that's a function of just decreasing inventories or working down inventories at retailers. Is there something else maybe that I'm missing?
Chris Cocks: We entered the year with pretty lean inventories. With our retail partners and so there is an opportunity there. Would be kind of what I would say on that.
Gina Goetter: Yeah. Our CP performance in the first quarter was the toy part of it was pretty on our planned expectation. As Chris said, we didn't have anything crazy in terms of having a clear inventory and promotional promotions like that because we came into the year pretty healthy. Licensing was what drove the upside on revenue in the quarter.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about what you guys are seeing at value price points? I think from other consumer discretionary firms. We're just hearing incremental weakness across that consumer base. Thanks.
Chris Cocks: I don't think we have any real thunderous insights to share with you right now in terms of what the consumer behavior is. Generally speaking, toys as a category did pretty well in first quarter. And, you know, Easter kind of went off as expected. So I think people are continuing to buy toys. You know, personally, I don't think we're seeing any indication that people are pulling forward, like, holiday buys or summer buys. Toys tend to be an occasion-based purchase or, you know, a purchase of passion. And consumers are behaving normally.
Jaime Katz: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Kylie Cohu with Jefferies.
Kylie Cohu: Hey, good morning, you guys, and thanks for taking my question. All of the color around the CT exposure is super helpful, but I was wanting to dig into the wizard exposure a little more. I know it's small, but I do believe you do source some from Japan. Japan, but I was curious if there were any other countries to call out or details to add for rest of the world for that segment specifically.
Gina Goetter: Yeah. The exposure for wizard and flash magic is pretty minimal. I mean and it's embedded in the in the wizard's bar in the in the bar chart embedded in the wizard's guide. So on a kind of twelve-month basis, call it five to ten-ish million dollars of exposure. To your point, we do have manufacture in Japan. We do also manufacture over in Europe a bit. The bulk of the manufacturing is coming from the US.
Chris Cocks: Yeah. The only thing in Wizards that we import from China is, like, D and D box sets. So that's actually where that's actually a bigger input on the tariff duties I mentioned for wizards than like the Japanese duties for magic.
Kylie Cohu: Perfect. No. That is super helpful. And then just kind of following back up on the POS trends, I think, you know, you mentioned that life we think is better than expected, but I'm curious, like, what were those bright spots specifically? That would just be helpful. And kind of what did you see, you know, anything around Easter. Obviously, there's a timing shift this year. Anything that performs particularly well.
Chris Cocks: Well, on licensing, certainly, My Little Pony continued to perform well and had a favorable year over year comp. MonopolyGo is doing quite well. And then in terms of POS for our brands, you know, we had Transformers was up. Dual master I'm sorry. Beyblade was up. We had a good quarter in terms of Marvel. Those are probably be, like, the big bright spots for us. On POS.
Kylie Cohu: Awesome. Super helpful. Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Alright. Thanks. Thanks, Kylie.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Hasbro’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kern Kapoor, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kern Kapoor: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro’s Chief Executive Officer; and Gina Goetter, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Gina providing commentary on the company’s performance. Then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Kern, and good morning. We closed 2024 with momentum, beating plan board, our Wizards of the Coast and Digital Games segment had another record year. We saw strong growth across our licensing business, and we delivered the best operating profit margin in company history, eclipsing 20%, including a return to profitability for our Consumer Products segment. We began last year a healthier, stronger Hasbro with an improved balance sheet and operating structure outlining plans for greater cost savings and reinvigorating the company's innovation engine. We over-delivered, exceeding our guidance on nearly every metric, operating with renewed discipline that we believe positions Hasbro for multiyear growth and margin expansion. Wizards of the Coast and Digital Games was up 4% year-over-year, with an operating margin north of 40%. As MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Monopoly Go! proved a potent 1-2 punch with both poised for continued growth in 2025. Wizards grew for the 14th time in the last 15 years led by a booming digital licensing business. Monopoly Go! maintained its high levels of engagement, capping the year with a star-studded TV campaign and success with its new Tycoon club. Baldur’s Gate 3 saw solid year two sales, nearly doubling our initial expectations. MAGIC: THE GATHERING had another impressive year. 2024 nearly matched 2023's record year, despite fewer set releases. And the MAGIC ecosystem is as healthy and engaged as it's ever been. We saw year-over-year increases in active players and MagicCon attendance and better-than-expected demand for several tentpole sets, including Q4's release foundations. Magic also exhibited beyond its tentpoles. We saw strong demand for Blacklist and Secret Lair, capping off the year with a record-setting Marvel offering, which sold out instantly. D&D relieved first significant update to Fifth Edition since 2014, and closed out the year strong with both the new players' handbook and Dungeon Master's guide breaking records for the best-selling D&D books ever. And we also shared more about our video game future, including a new best-selling novel for Exodus by award-winning author, Peter Hamilton, a top-rated episode on the new hit Amazon Prime Game anthology series, Secret Level, exploring more about the Exodus universe, and our first gameplay sneak-peek that has Sci-Fi video game fans buzzing. Consumer products licensing was a standout, led by My Little Pony trading cards and our out-licensed brands like FurReal Friends and Littlest Pet Shop saw POS lifts of over 50% in 2024, showing the value of our IP Vault and promise of our partnerships. The LEGO Ideas, Dungeons & Dragons Set delighted fans and is nominated for a Toy of the Year award. We celebrated over 140 location-based entertainment experiences open around the globe, reaching our 50 million visitors annually, making Hasbro one of the most visited brand portfolios in the world. The momentum in our licensing business has been a huge catalyst for Hasbro, with a highly diversified and high profit revenue stream across over 1,000 partners driving over 4,000 individual collaborations. Toy and Board Games finished the year on a much stronger footing. Our revamped innovation, marketing effectiveness, and retailer alignment drove some nice wins for the holidays. One of the biggest was Beyblade, which saw demand acceleration in Q4 following media support and streaming content to the holidays. We also saw solid growth in Transformers, following the animated movie Transformers One, strength in our Marvel Collector range, and outperformance in preschool led by Marvel's Spidey and His Amazing Friends. Discounting was down for the quarter across the business. In fact, when factoring in a significant reduction year-over-year in inventory clearance, our mainline toy sales grew in the quarter, indicating momentum as we enter 2025. 2024 wasn't just a good year for Hasbro proving we can deliver, it also helped up the foundation for our new strategic plan Playing to Win. Playing to Win focuses Hasbro on what has always made us great, play and partners. Through the power of our brands and breadth of our partnerships, we bring joint community to over 0.5 million fans across the world. Whether it's 40 theme park rides for Transformers, unique collectibles for Jem and the Holograms, Epic Quest with D&D, all new video games with G.I. Joe, or bankrupting your little brother with a well-timed hotel on Boardwalk in MONOPOLY. Our focus on play and partners is clarifying. It has allowed us to exit non-core businesses like eOne film and TV, reduce our content budget by over 95%, while active production pipeline for Hasbro IP by 15% and take out over $600 million of costs from our P&L in the process. Our balance sheet is stronger. Our lineup of partnerships is the best it's ever been, and our focus has allowed us to lean into high-profit, high-growth areas like Digital Game, where our brands have proven resonance and our diversified digital revenue streams allows us to self-fund the efforts. Play is the foundation for our incredible portfolio of brands, a library thousands of marks spanning our 164-year history. From The Checkered Game of Life, created by Milton Bradley in 1860 to the first mass marketed toy in history, Mr. Potato Head, 1952 to cutting-edge video games like Baldur's Gate 3. What distinguishes us is the breadth and depth of our portfolio. Hasbro generates nearly 70% of our revenue in categories outside traditional toys for kids, games, digital licensing compounds, while we have powerhouse brands for children, over 60% of our audience is 13 or older, representing the lifetime fandom we create with consumers of all ages, whether it's collecting your first Spidey and His Amazing Friends action figure, to completing your collection of super rare Vmax cards for MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Our audience diversity, the lifetime nature of our fandom and the diversification of our brand portfolio gives us conviction to invest in the future of play. As strong as our brands are, partners are the rocket fuel that helps them go supersonic. In the last three years, our licensing business has grown by 60%. Hasbro is the third largest entertainment licensor on the planet and the biggest in digital games, by far the fastest-growing entertainment category of the last decade. Across digital games, location based entertainment, and toys and merchandising partners, our brands are expected to see over $4 billion in incremental partner led investments over the next three years. Our upcoming collaborations span blockbuster movies, themed hotels, cruise ships, quick-service restaurants, category expanding toy partnerships and, of course, AAA video games. Our approach thrives on some of the most expansive inbound partnerships in the industry. Today, I'm pleased to announce two more. First off, today, we are unveiling an all-new licensing collaboration with Mattel, combining the creativity of Play-Doh with the empowering play of Barbie. Play-Doh Barbie allows children to unlock their inner fashion designer, creating Play-Doh fashions with amazing ruffles, bows and realistic fabric textures, all made with every kid's favorite dough for a never before seen creativity experience. Second, we have many new digital collaborations in the works, but I'm especially excited to announce this one today, being a personal fan of many of this team's games. Hasbro and Sabre Interactive will be collaborating on an all-new video game partnership developed by the team behind 2024s mega hit Warhammer 40000 Space Marine 2, combining high octane single-player action and amazing multi-play with Sabre's Swarm Tech. This new AAA title, one of our tent-pole IPs is sure to be a hit. Playing to Win is grounded in five strategic building blocks. First, Hasbro's unique advantage in aging up, driving play experiences for fans of all ages, whether it's through retail partners like Amazon, Walmart, Smiths or Target via our growing direct initiatives, including Hasbro Pulse, Magic Secret Lair and D&D Beyond. Second, leadership in digital play. We've been investing in video games for over seven years through our portfolio of over a dozen projects in various stages of development, coupled with 100-plus licensing partnerships. I'm excited to show off our first project, Exodus to the world when we launch it in 2026. James Olin, the creative visionary behind Exodus has a track record of success. Serving as a design leader for Baldur's Gate 1 and 2 as well as the Creative Director during the golden age of BioWare, who helped to helm the creation of the Dragon Age and Mass Effect franchises. Our third building block, everyone plays, will drive Hasbro's expansion in fashion, dolls and girls collectibles and leverage our much improved supply chain efficiency to better serve emerging markets and value channels globally. You'll see some early payoff in these areas from audience expanding play and collectible innovation later this year with some new announcements we have in store next week at New York Toy Fair. Partnership, our fourth building block will continue to be a huge part of our story with projects in the work spanning everything from new toy collaborations, new universes beyond partners with MAGIC, new video game partnerships, AI-enabled games and toys and major new location-based entertainment investments from partners around the world. Our fifth and most important strategic building block is profitable franchises. This doesn't mean just driving our brands through innovation and partnership. It means operating them with excellence from our supply chain to our managed cost discipline to our retail execution. As part of this pillar, I'm pleased to announce we are increasing our cost saving target from $750 million by the end of 2025, a goal we are well on our way to achieving to $1 billion in total annual gross savings by 2027, with 50% flowing to the bottom line. Playing to Win marks an important pivot for the company, a return to growth. In 2025, we are projecting modest revenue growth, coupled with continued margin expansion. Through 2027, we are projecting a mid-single-digit revenue CAGR with continued operating profit improvement. Powered by a killer entertainment slates all new toy innovation and major launches from our multiyear digital investments. When we play to win, we play to grow. In 2025, the first elements of our multiyear strategy will start to play out. MAGIC is poised to have its biggest year ever as we launched three Universes Beyond sets, starting with the blockbuster Final Fantasy in June. Featuring characters, items and moments from all 16 mainline games of the beloved series, Final Fantasy has the potential to be our biggest MAGIC release yet and we'll continue to drive best-in-class partner IP across the MAGIC play system with Spider-Man and a yet to be disclosed Universes Beyond set in the back half. Stay tuned for more details at this weekend's MagicCon in Chicago. And going beyond cards, we expect MAGIC's reach to grow wider than ever through content like the newly announced animated Netflix series, and live action film and TV series from Legendary Entertainment. D&D is also set up to continue its recent momentum. This week, we released the widely anticipated 2025 Monster Manual with strong initial orders. We'll continue to build the D&D community, leveraging D&D Beyond as a marketplace. With many third-party publishing releases set for the first half, and the future of D&D's wider franchise ambitions is strong with all new video games and new entertainment on the horizon, including a new streaming series in development, The Forgotten Realms from Netflix and executive producer, Shawn Levy. And in Board Games, the team is focused on driving growth through redesigned classics celebrating Monopoly's 90th anniversary, including our all new expansion packs and bringing to market fun new family games like CONNECT 4 Frenzy and Rebounce that we're unveiling at Toy Fair next week. Last but not least, we have major new innovations across our toy portfolio, whether it's fun new fashion collectibles, starting at $3.99 with FURBY, amazing new action play with MixMashers, allowing you to Mix-&-Match to customize your favorite Marvel, Star Wars and Transformer superheroes or exciting new water-based outdoor play with Super Soaker. Across price points, play patterns and age ranges, Hasbro is Playing to Win. Playing to Win marks a new phase for Hasbro. One focus not just on cost discipline and improved profitability, but on growth and expanding our brands across new categories and new partnerships. I'll now turn over the call to Gina Goetter, our CFO and COO, to share details on our 2024 results and provide guidance for 2025 and beyond. Gina?
Gina Goetter: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. 2024 marked a year of significant improvement for Hasbro across several financial and operational measures. It was a year of putting wins on the board and resetting the foundation behind a streamline and profitable portfolio. We continue to grow revenue in Wizards, while meaningfully improving the trajectory of our Consumer Products business. We eliminated complexity across our product portfolio and within our operations allowing us to streamline our cost structure and maintain healthy inventory levels. The actions we took at the end of 2023 improved our cost structure via lower shipping and warehousing costs, scale advantages across our suppliers and reduced inventory obsolescence cost. And we built new capabilities and design to value to optimize product design, ultimately driving down costs while improving the play experience. Altogether, we delivered $227 million of net cost savings and achieved a record operating margin. With an asset-light and operationally efficient business model, we strengthened cash flow, allowing us to reduce debt and return cash to shareholders with our category-leading dividend. Looking at our results more closely, starting with Q4, Total Hasbro revenue was $1.1 billion, down 3% excluding the eOne divestiture, including eOne, revenue declined 15%. Wizards revenue declined 7%, with the decline almost entirely driven by having one fewer set release in the quarter. As Chris mentioned, the momentum on the core business remains healthy as evidenced by growth in backlist and Secret Lair. Monopoly Go! contributed $38 million of revenue behind robust player retention and marketing effectiveness. Consumer Products declined 1% behind exited brands and reduced closeout volume. We continue to see growth in licensing and benefited from lower promotional discounts across retailers. Q4 adjusted operating profit was $113 million for an adjusted operating margin of 10.2% over a 14-point improvement year-on-year, driven by the lap of non-recurring items, favorable business mix and supply chain productivity. Q4 adjusted net earnings were $64 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.46, benefiting from improved profitability and tax rate favorability. For the full year, total Hasbro revenue was $4.1 billion, down 7%, excluding the eOne divestiture, including eOne, revenue declined 17%. Wizards revenue grew 4%, benefiting from the success of Monopoly Go! and solid performance from MAGIC. The profitable mix of revenue led to a record profit margin for Wizards at 41.8%, almost a six-point improvement over last year. Consumer Products revenue was down 12% as growth in our licensed Consumer Products business was more than offset by exited brands, reduced closeouts, and softer volume, namely across NERF and Star Wars. Despite this segment decline, we saw growth in several brands, including Beyblade, Furby and My Little Pony, and we continue to improve the profitability of the segment, resulting in a 6% adjusted operating margin or 6.7 point improvement versus last year. On a reported basis, Entertainment segment revenue declined by 88% given the sale of eOne. Absent this impact, revenue declined 4% and finished within our expectations. Total Hasbro adjusted operating profit was $838 million, up 76% versus last year, reflecting the lap of non-recurring inventory costs, favorable business mix, and cost savings. We delivered $370 million of gross cost savings and $227 million of net cost savings and continue to track ahead of schedule, achieve the $750 million savings goal by the end of 2025. Adjusted net earnings of $563 million was up $214 million versus last year, leading to a $4.01 earnings per diluted share. Operating cash flow for the full year was $847 million, an improvement of $122 million and we ended the year with $695 million in cash on our balance sheet, after investing about $200 million back into the business to support organic growth. Additionally, we reduced debt by $83 million in Q4, bringing our gross leverage ratio to 3.2 times adjusted EBITDA and our net debt ratio to 2.5 times. We also returned $390 million of capital to our shareholders via dividends. Looking to 2025 and beyond, we are excited to launch our updated strategy, Playing to Win, which is anchored in play and partnerships, while continuing to drive additional excellence. Playing to Win is centered around five key strategic building blocks, targeted operational transformation initiatives, and an investment framework that prioritizes spend and resources across our major brands, channels, and markets to deliver strong financial returns. The five building blocks that Chris described reinforce each other. And when coupled with our IP and improved capabilities, drive a positive flywheel deserves to reinforce Hasbro's competitive advantage and positions us for growth. Underlying this strategy, we are planning for the toy industry to be relatively flat over the next three years with growth peaks driven by strength in the broader entertainment slate. Emerging market growth and aging up of the consumer will influence our innovation priorities and the broader video gaming market will continue to accelerate, driven by the next generation of console releases. Through Playing to Win, we expect Hasbro's business mix to continue shifting, aligning more with how we see the future of play patterns. We expect through 2027 that our digital and partner-driven licensing will represent about a quarter of the corporate revenue mix. We also expect the broad definition of gaming to grow its contribution to our revenue mix through this period, including board games, trading cards, digital licensing, and video games. This combination of growing high-margin revenue streams, while our brand scale through partnerships will sustain our investment towards our biggest opportunities, including MAGIC and self-publishing video games, as well as continue to support the innovation pipeline for toys. As we think about the major brands, channels, and markets in which operate, a new prioritization framework will ensure we're driving the best returns on our investments. Growth brands with the highest growth in margin potential like MAGIC and Play-Doh and new business opportunities like our self-published video games, including 2026's released, Exodus, who will receive higher incremental investments. Opportunities with a lower growth or margin profile, we'll see more targeted investments to maintain share and optimize profitability. And for brands like NERF, which are facing structural category headwinds, the focus will be towards reinventing the business model to ultimately put it on a path towards renewed profitability. In addition to having the right strategic building blocks and prioritization framework in place, it is also imperative we maintain operational rigor and continue to transform the business. We have multiple initiatives underway across the organization, including the continued modernization of our IT and back office systems to speed up decision-making and reduce costs, improving the agility of our design process to bring products to market faster and the evergreen initiative of driving supply chain cost productivity ahead of inflation. The transformation we have driven over the past two years has put us well on our way to hitting our goal of $750 million of gross cost savings through 2025 and we now have line of sight to reach $1 billion in savings 2027. This step-up is a result of changing how we work and building on the significant progress we have already made with supply chain. The expected cost savings, coupled with a pivot back to revenue growth, will drive healthy profit and cash flow, allowing us to stay committed to our capital allocation priorities of investing in the business, paying down debt, and returning cash to shareholders via the dividend. As cash flow increases in 2026 driven by video game monetization, we will create the opportunity for an even more balanced capital allocation framework. Turning to guidance for 2025. We expect total Hasbro revenue to be up slightly year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Total Wizards revenue is forecasted to grow between 5% to 7%, driven by expected strength in MAGIC on the back of three Universes Beyond set releases. Given this set timing, we expect stronger growth quarters in Q1 and Q4. Licensed digital games will be flat as contributions from a full year and Monopoly Go! will offset the moderation of Baldur's Gate 3. Wizard's operating margin will be between 39% and 40%, with a step down from last year, largely driven by the increase in royalty expenses for Magic Universes Beyond Tentpoles sets. Consumer Products revenue will be flat to down 4%. This includes a roughly 4-point headwind from two businesses; NERF, due to the structural category declines and Star Wars on the back of a light entertainment slate. We expect closeout volume to be relatively flat year-over-year and exited brands will not be a material headwind. From a phasing standpoint, primarily due to late Easter, we expect Q1 revenue to be down mid to high single-digits, before demonstrating sequential year-over-year improvement. Consumer Products operating margin will be between 8% and 10%, and with a step-up driven by ongoing cost savings. Given the volume stability across most business lines, we expect to see minimal impact from volume deleverage. Entertainment revenue is expected to be flat with an operating margin of approximately 50%. Total Hasbro adjusted EBITDA is forecasted to be $1.1 billion to $1.15 billion, the increase versus last year is primarily driven by the continued profitability improvement in consumer products. Our guidance includes anticipated impact of US tariffs on imports from China and potential tariffs on Mexico and Canada import as announced on February 1. It also reflects mitigating actions we plan to take, including leveraging the strength of our supply chain and potential pricing. We also continue to diversify our manufacturing footprint to create optionality as we navigate the trade environment, and we are on a path to move from 50% of our US toy and game volume originating from China to under 40% over the next two years. We expect to spend approximately $250 million in project capital with half to support our internal video game development and the balance to support organic growth in toy as well as the various transformation initiatives across the organization. We expect operating cash to be roughly flat and to sufficiently fund our existing capital allocation priorities. And the Board has declared our next quarterly dividend payable in March. As we look to the Playing to Win strategy out beyond 2025, we expect total Hasbro revenue to grow at a mid-single-digit growth rate from 2025 through 2027 with the acceleration driven by momentum in MAGIC, a stronger entertainment slate in toys and the launch of internally published video games, starting with Exodus in 2026. We expect Hasbro operating margin to expand on average by 50 to 100 basis points annually with the favorable revenue mix shift improve toy profitability and continued cost savings towards our $1 billion goal. We also expect to reach our gross leverage target of 2.5 times or better by 2026 and through a combination of debt paydown and EBITDA growth. In closing, after significant progress in our turnaround over the last two years, Hasbro is stronger, focused and ready to execute our latest strategic plan. We have developed a strategy that capitalizes on our unique strengths and market advantages and is focused on creating profitable growth that positions us to drive long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Special thank you to all of our employees, partners and customers for your thought leadership and partnership as we turn the page to this next chapter and play to win. And with that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Megan Clapp with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Megan Clapp: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Maybe I could start, I just wanted to ask about the Consumer Products top line guide. Excluding that 4-point headwind from NERF and Transformers, you're implying the rest of the portfolios kind of flat to up 4%, which is pretty strong. Can you talk about what your expectation for industry POS is? I think you said flat over 2025 to 2027? Is that consistent in 2025 as well? And then how are you thinking about market share performance. If I look at your performance in the fourth quarter, it does seem like you still lost a bit of share in most of your categories. If could just kind of contextualize how you're thinking about the industry and market share ex those two brands, NERF and Star Wars, that would be helpful.
Chris Cocks: Hey, Megan. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I think Gina and I will tag team on it. Yes. I think we're thinking the toy industry is in the plus or minus 1% for this year, so call it flattish. That assumes our expectations on what's going on with the China tariffs as announced on February 1, but doesn't really factor in anything else that might happen in terms of government policy over the next couple of months because that's a little bit of an unknown. We think trading cards and building blocks are probably the drivers of the toy category right now outside of that. The balance of categories are probably down low-single digits. And as we look at our own portfolio, we feel pretty good about what we see in terms of our entertainment slate. Captain America had a pretty good opening weekend. We saw some pretty nice POS lifts. So we're seeing the business respond. We've got a lot going on inside of preschool that we'll be announcing at Toy Fair that we weren't prepared to talk about today, but we think that those will have some lifts. We like some of the things that we're doing inside of girl collectibles. We also like a lot of the price point innovation we've been driving across our supply chain. So I think you're going to see Hasbro be a lot stronger at sub-$10 and sub-$20, which is an area that I think we've under-indexed and been a little off trend on, but we think will be very on trend this year. And then when you add on top of that, so that's CP, what's happening in Wizards, MAGIC should have a very strong year. And as we said, we think our licensing segments overall across digital and CP will probably be roughly flat this year, but still a nice contributor of profit for us.
Gina Goetter: Yes. Megan, build on that, morning, by the way. My build, if you look at the couple of businesses that we called out in our prepared remarks, that are impacting the guide but also really impacted our Q4 performance. Our Star Wars and then in NERF. So when you -- from a share perspective in Q4, those two had a disproportionate drag. The other thing to keep in mind over the course of the year, but then really in Q4 as well. We had less closeout volume. So we've talked about this on a few past calls. Overall for the year, our closeout volume was down about $100 million of revenue. It was about $40 million down in Q4. That's very good for us from a profitability standpoint, but it absolutely does impact the top line and ultimately, the share results that you're seeing. So as we look into 2025, closeouts will be relatively flat year-over-year. We're not expecting that huge kind of pulled down that we saw in 2024. It will be relatively flat. But the share -- we'll have share gains in many categories, but we'll continue to be challenged with Star Wars and NERF.
Megan Alexander: Okay. Understood. And then maybe a kind of two-part follow-up. First is just a little bit of a clarification on the medium-term guidance. So you talked about 50 to 100 basis points of average margin expansion per year. You're guiding to over 100 here in 2025 at the midpoint. So the first is just a clarification. Is that 50 to 100 bps per year cumulative, i.e., 150 to 300 over three years? Or is it that the goal to grow 50 to 100 basis points per year kind of regardless of the starting point? And then the second part of the question is, how should we think about the self-publishing video games as those start to become a bigger part of the business? How should we think about how that is embedded into your margin expansion goals?
Gina Goetter: Yes. Great question. So how you phrase the margin accretion. I will say, it's cumulative. So every year, we're looking to grow 50 to 100 basis points. So it will get over to a three-point span over the course of our strategic plan. From how video game starts to play into it, so when you think of what we've been doing, we've been capitalizing all of the expense for that development. And then when the video game launches, we will see upticks in revenue from the unit sales. We'll see upticks in absolute profit dollars from the profit driven by those unit sales. And then we will see a nice infusion of cash. The offset, though, is in the margin because we will start to depreciate out that expense that we've been capitalizing. So some of the give-back in margin will come as a result of the video game monetization, but ultimately, we'll be in a better profit situation and a better cash flow situation.
Megan Alexander: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan Chase & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks and good morning. So first, a follow-up on the prior question. I know you mentioned Captain America starting to see some pickup on the POS side. But there are a lot of questions that perhaps there was some holiday pull forward in general merchandise, February weakness, Hispanic consumer, weather, so on and so forth. So could you possibly peel out the business in the U.S. as what you've seen in January and February a bit more?
Chris Cocks: Sure. We're actually having a decent start to the year. Can't go into too many details because this is the Q4 call as opposed to the Q1 call. But generally speaking, our thesis for the year is playing out in what we've seen in the first six weeks of the year.
Gina Goetter: Yes, Chris, my build was -- we had a -- we felt really good about how the holidays played out for us. We didn't feel like we had a significant amount of pull-in or weird merchandising activity was happening in Q4. As we look at Q1, in my prepared remarks, I talked about how Q1 will be down mid to high single digits. And what we're seeing play through so far is tracking with that.
Chris Cocks: Generally speaking, our retail inventory around the world is flat to down as we entered the quarter. Yes, that's underlying the question too.
Gina Goetter: Yes, pretty clean.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then as we think about the MAGIC business and the two big launches this year, maybe -- could you contextualize them relative to your experience on an individual basis relative to the experience that you saw in Lord of the Rings, please?
Chris Cocks: Yes, sure. So certainly, we think Final Fantasy has a good chance of taking the crown best-selling MAGIC set and history. I'll give you a very recent example. Just the other day, we launched preorders for gift bundles for Final Fantasy, Commander gifts and gift bundles. For Lord of the Rings, that took a week to sell out. For Final Fantasy, it took an hour to sell out. So we think Final Fantasy will do pretty well. I don't think you can necessarily quantify that absolutely, but there absolutely is a lot of demand. And then Spider-Man, we feel like that will do well. Now, I think the important thing to note on Spider-Man is it's a little bit of a different complexion of a set in terms of what's incorporated into it. Final Fantasy and Lord the Rings had Commander Decks, which usually constitute a fairly big hunk of assets total volume. Spider-Man will be standard-only cards. There won't be any kind of pre-Comm Decks. So that will make it a bit smaller. But again, when we did our first Secret Lair drops for Marvel in December, those things sold out within minutes. So we think both of these releases have very strong innate demand, both from existing MAGIC players and just as importantly, from adjacent fans who we think could be new to MAGIC, and that's what we think the real power of Universes Beyond is, which is building the MAGIC installed base.
Christopher Horvers: Awesome. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with Roth MKM. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good morning and thanks for the question. Gina, I wonder if we could dig in a little bit on your medium-term guidance. So you're expecting mid single-digit sort of CAGR. So if 2025 is going to be, let's call it, flattish on a constant currency basis. Toys, you expect to be flattish for the next several years? I'm not sure if you're thinking that MAGIC will have a tough comp in 2026. But like what's going to be driving this acceleration? Is it all video games and new licensing or just help me with the road map here?
Gina Goetter: Yeah. Good morning, Eric, good question. So there's really three things that I'll point to that drive the uptake. So first is MAGIC. So MAGIC you just heard -- you could hear Chris smiling as he was answering that question, so MAGIC is going -- we're anticipating a strong year this year, but we are also anticipating continued strength as we move into 2026 and 2027. We see the pipeline. We see the momentum on the business, the fundamental health of our fan base. So we feel good that MAGIC is set up for a good runway of growth. So that's the first thing. The second thing on toys, to your point, this year, flattish, slightly down. Next year and into 2027, we have a much stronger entertainment slate that benefits our businesses and brands more so than we're seeing this year. So that will take toy and the CP business positive as we move through 2026 and 2027. And then the third the third piece is the video game launch in Exodus. That will become the third, kind of, peak that we see. And depending, we haven't nailed down the specific launch date of Exodus, but it will happen at some point in 2026. So that will create a little bit of lumpiness of growth depending on when that launch timing is set.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I would characterize our growth expectation is fairly balanced across the business.
Eric Handler: That's helpful. Thank you. And also in terms of your video games, what is a normalized cadence? And how do you think about in-house versus outsourcing your development? And then is M&A in play here in terms of possible studio type deals?
Chris Cocks: Well, I think a couple of things. First off, good morning, Eric. So you should expect one to two releases from us per year from 2026 to 2030 is about what we're thinking. And I think we've said that for several years now. I think you should also expect us to continue to lean into licensing. Our portfolio of -- our pipeline of licensed products and digital has grown from 90-ish -- 95-ish this time last year to about 110, 115 projects in development or published this time this year. I think the new news is that we're going to lean in more to JVs and partnerships as we think about our self-published portfolio for the next five to seven years. The Sabre Interactive announced being an example. That's a co-publishing deal between the two companies. We will be -- we will each be the publisher of record. We will use the Warhammer 40,000 Space Marine 2 team to develop the product. And we think that's a pretty good model. It's a nice kind of risk adjustment for us. It helps us to be able to access some of the best talent in the industry and helps to be able to unlock some of our IP in new ways.
Eric Handler: That’s great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Fred Wightman: Hey guys. Good morning. I just wanted to follow up on the midterm outlook in the context of the 2025 guidance and I understand sort of the top line ramp, but I want to make sure I'm clear on sort of what the margin offset is because to Megan's earlier question, it seemed to imply a deceleration as we move throughout period, even though the top line is accelerating. So, is it literally just that some of the capitalized costs hit the P&L? Is it investment in some of these video game services or capabilities they're internal? Like what is sort of the margin offset in 2026 and 2027?
Gina Goetter: Yes, morning Fred. Good question. So, largely, it is the capitalization. And if you look at the two businesses, our CP margin, we've guided to 2025 8% to 10%. We expect to continue to see that moving north, moving upwards as we move into 2026 and 2027. We've been committed and making progress towards getting to that, call it, low teens percentage, and that is what we've planned over the course of next the few years. The Wizards business, that's where you'll see some of that margin pullback as that capitalization plays through. But I mean, keep in mind, our Wizards business is posting record level margins. So, even a slight -- that capitalization coming through still keeps the margins in the mid to high 30s.
Fred Wightman: That makes sense. And then on tariffs, I just want to make sure I'm clear on sort of what the assumptions are. It sounds like you guys are assuming that Mexico and Canada come back in the not-too-distant future. Can you maybe just order of magnitude, how the different buckets hit are contemplated for guidance across the three markets?
Gina Goetter: Yes. You've got it right. We've basically taken what the administration put out on February 1st, and quantify that and put it into our guidance for the year. Really, it's a China story for us. We don't source from Canada. We have minimal sourcing coming out of Mexico. So, we're really watching that China rate. So, that's what we baked in.
Fred Wightman: Great. Thanks a lot.
Gina Goetter: Thanks Fred.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Thanks very much. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just before we focus on 2025, I was just wondering, would you say this new strategy is more of a recap of where you've been headed, which is more of a kind of a gaming company that makes some toys versus toys and games company before? Or some material lineup of products or partnerships, maybe in the digital space or other areas that you're not ready to talk about today that sort of gave you the confidence to issue formal outlook here on the top line?
Chris Cocks: Hey, Arpine. Yeah. I would think it's fair to say we've been trying to project our strategic thinking for several quarters now, and this is an articulation of it and summation of it. We're proudly a toy company, but we think we're a very different toy company than most other toy companies. We're huge in the games. We're very big in the licensing, and we've got a fantastic toy portfolio, which serves as the first handshake with consumers. So I think there are some important distinctions. I think I'm excited about getting back into more oriented categories in a bigger way. I'm excited about going after emerging markets in a much bigger way. I've always been excited about our digital ambitions. I think we're well ahead of most of our traditional toy industry peers. And so I think that differentiates us. You look at the nature of our three businesses, licensing is up big time. It's a huge margin driver for us. It's relatively in-exposed to like some of the tariff drama that's going on right now. Games tends to be a nice business for us that has a great secular growth pattern. And toys, while the category has been down for the last couple of years post COVID, it's traditionally a very stable business, and we've got some great brands. And I think the team that we put in place in toys over the last 18 months, you're going to see some nice wins from them over the following 18 months as you really -- as they put their mark on our product portfolio.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Great. Great. Thank you. So to probably down to profitability a little bit, and this might depend on what you assume for debt paydown, but your gross debt-to-EBITDA target of 2.5 times could imply something like $1.3 billion of EBITDA by next year. And if I were doing the math around D&A right, depreciation and amortization, we're looking at over $5 of earnings by 2026. I guess do you have pushed back to that math? And yes, what other puts and takes we should keep in mind?
Gina Goetter: Good question. Good morning by the way. I mean, your EBITDA math is not far off. So probably you're getting to that right spot. And again, with the video game in the monetization of that, that is a margin hit, but it's going to positively impact our EBITDA. Earnings per share is probably running a little hot in 2026 from what you're calculating. A couple of things just to keep in mind as we move through this year 2025 and into 2026. One, our tax rate is stepping back up. So had a few things that went our way here at the end of 2024. We're not planning for those to happen again 2025 and 2026. And then the second thing is interest expense. So that was also something in 2024. We were sitting on a fair amount of cash as we were waiting to pay off that note in November. So we won't have that kind of interest income and we're more exposed then to the interest expense. So that is another thing that goes against us from an EPS standpoint as you think about 2025 and 2026.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
James Hardiman: Hey, good morning. So I actually just wanted to continue on that same thinking with some of the math in just given sort how D&A might skew operating income the next few years. As I think about 2027, right, the Playing to Win outlook, where should we be landing in terms of EBITDA? I was getting to something in the $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion range but that didn't really account for the step-up in D&A. So should it ultimately be higher than that number as we think about 2027?
Gina Goetter: I would -- it's not going to be as low as 1.3%. I think your higher number is more right. How is that for a hint?
James Hardiman: Got it. That's perfect. And then as we think about the 2025 guide, right? So margin expansion in that 70 to 170 basis point range. Maybe just help us bridge that in any way you can. The cost savings number that you've laid out there, $175 million looks like a lot of that's going to fall through to the bottom line, maybe two-thirds of that. I'm getting to something like 300 basis points of margin just from the net cost savings. I guess what are the offsets? Obviously, tariffs seem like they might be a big one. Is that the majority of the delta as I think about getting from the net cost savings to what you guided for the year? Thanks.
Gina Goetter: Yes. Yes. It's a good question. So when you break down kind of the big pieces of the 2025 build, overall volume and mix is going to be a net positive contributor. So think about a point of margin benefit comes from ball mix. Within the supply chain, which is where you'll see the pickup the tariff expense, largely supply chain is going to be relatively flat. So we have good amount of cost productivity, and that is able to offset what we're seeing play through in inflation as well as tariffs. So that's kind of a net neutral margin. All of them, the rest of the accretion is coming from below the line and within our managed or operating expenses.
James Hardiman: Got it. That’s perfect. Thank you.
Gina Goetter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hey, good morning. I hope you can drive a little bit further down into the incremental cost savings and maybe the differences in what you found between the $750 million and the $100 million -- I'm sorry, in the $1 billion number that you guys are looking at now?
Gina Goetter: Yes, good morning, Jaime. Good question. So to date, I would say the $600 plus that we've saved gross savings-wise has been, I would say, roughly half of it has been supply chain and the rest has been the balance of line items within the P&L. As we go into 2025 and beyond, supply chain will always have that evergreen cost productivity is going to offset inflation, but we start to pick up cost savings from a few other areas of the P&L. So the first is within gross to net. So all of that cost that sits between gross revenue and net revenue, that becomes a contributor for us. Our design-to-value work, we've seen very little of that impact to P&L to date. That also starts to accelerate 2025 and beyond. And then the third piece of it is within managed expenses. So as we continue to morph and transform the organization, how we work, how we're spending, et cetera, we start to see that play through in cost savings.
Jaime Katz: Okay. Thank you. And then as you guys continuously evaluate the portfolio, given the rhetoric that you shared around NERF and structural changes maybe in demand around the business. How do you think about what you determine you want to out-license versus what you want to keep on some of these long-lived brands? Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Yes, hi, Jamie. So as we think about how categorize our brands, we're using a three-part matrix that's replacing like the old franchise and partner brands. Now it's growth, optimized and reinvent. So brands like NERF, we would classify in the reinvent category. The category has been under a little bit of stress over the last several years. NERF still is a very strong brand, but we have to reinvent ourselves. For something like NERF in particular, I think we have to go back to fundamentals, which is NERF started off in the 1970s as the world's first indoor ball. It's about safe active play. And we can't think reinventing NERF and just think every solution involves a Dart. So we've challenged our product teams to think about safe active play, think about it more expansively and also think about the business model and the channels in which we operate in. And at the end of the day, there also is always the option to license the product out or license a portion of a brand out, which also is on the table for any of those. I would say our net bias is that we're going to be a net brand creator, and we're going to do less out-licensing in terms of new brands that are going to be out licensed, but it still always is on the table, because honestly, we've had really good success with it. If you look at our share last year, we had one point of share. We look at our out-licensed brands. The POS on those brands are up 50% year-over-year. And our partners are doing a fantastic job helping us to expand into new categories. We're into vehicles now with TRANSFORMERS via Hot Wheels. We're in the building sets with LEGO with D&D and Peppa Pig and TRANSFORMERS. I think Just Play and Basic Fun! have done a fantastic job with FurReal Friends and Littlest Pet Shop. So I think that's a viable strategy as well.
Jaime Katz : That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Perry with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Perry : Hi. Thanks for taking my questions here. To start, on Monopoly Go!, what should we think the ort right underlying run rate now looks like that actually accelerated 4Q versus 3Q, having some marketing spend settle out there? And then just broadly, what drove the source of the digital gaming strength in the quarter? I think Monopoly came in better than expected, but it also looks like other parts of the portfolio drove a decent amount of upside? Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Well, I think we're going to keep with our call on about $10 million a month in terms of what we received from Monopoly Go! I think Scopely did a great job with their TV campaign. It certainly was a lot of fun seeing Will Ferrell embody Mr. Monopoly and hanging out all of the celebrity friends. And I think that drove some upside for them. I think really, though, what really drives the upside of Monopoly Go! is just a fantastic game that's very sticky. It engages consumers. I also think they've been smart in terms of how they've managed the business. The Tycoon Club isn't the majority of their revenue, but it's been a nice way for them to be able to capture a bigger share of revenue on that, which also benefits us. So we continue to see Monopoly Go! as a huge mobile game. There likely is going to be some month-over-month moderation in the business over time. That's just what naturally happens with mobile. But we feel pretty confident in that $10 million number. The other thing that's been going really well for us is Baldur's Gate 3. I think we doubled what our forecast was for that business. And that's something that Swen at Larian called really early. They have very long tail games. They don't spend as much money upfront on marketing their games. They rely on the quality of the games and the enthusiasm of their community to drive word of mouth and we're seeing that. We saw that with Baldur's Gate over the course of 2024 and into Q4 and I think we'll continue to see benefits from that this year in excess of what a typical AAA game would experience.
Alex Perry: Really helpful. And then just my follow-up question on the Consumer Products division, can you just talk about -- I don't think you gave it yet, but how POS trended in the fourth quarter? And then just on the implied first quarter outlook, is the outsized decline all Easter shift what drives the acceleration as you move throughout the year on the Consumer Products vision? Thanks.
Gina Goetter: Yeah. Good morning, Alex. So yeah, primarily what's happening in Q1 is the Easter timing shift. I mean there's always, as you go through January and February, the final clear outs and kind of what happens at retail as they're kind of resetting or getting ready for the reset. There's a little bit of that, but not atypical for what the industry typically goes through in January and the early part of Feb. So it really becomes about the Easter timing.
Alex Perry: Perfect. Very helpful. Best of luck going forward.
Chris Cocks: Thanks.
Gina Goetter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Laszczyk with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Laszczyk: Hey, great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe first for Gina, one more follow-up on the medium-term margin guide, maybe in a slightly different way. I'm curious, if you could talk more about the swing factors that are top of mind for you as you think about what could cause you to come in at the high end of that range for margin expansion versus the low end, the $150 million versus $300 million, I imagine digital is a big component there, but I would love to get your thoughts on the puts and takes. And then second on CapEx, I think CapEx is stepping to $250 million next year. Could you talk a little bit more about the underlying puts and takes of CapEx growth this year, maybe where you're investing and then looking ahead, what we should expect from the arc of CapEx past 2025? Thank you.
Gina Goetter: Super. Good morning, Stephen. I would say from an overall swing factors on the margin in the out years is really going to be about when that the video game -- the launch timing and when that video game starts to monetize and the capital flow, or the capitalization flows because that decrease will hit at the same pace of when the units are coming in. That's how it will be phased. So that will be the factor that swings at either to the higher end of the range or the lower end of the range. But every year, you should take away that we will be growing our margin. From a capital standpoint, we do have a bit of a this year into 2025. We don't expect to see dramatic step-ups as we move through the balance of the strategic plan. But to step up, I would say roughly half of that $250 million that put out there is going to the video game, the video game launches. And then you could take the balance and say we're going to continue to we're going to continue to invest behind toy and toy innovation. And also invest behind all of the transformation initiatives that are underpinning the strategy. So, you kind of take that last half, kind of divide it by two and you get where we're prioritizing the spend.
Stephen Laszcyzk: That’s great. Thank you, Gina.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kylie Cohu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Kylie Cohu: Hey good morning everyone and thank you for taking my question. I kind of want to ask a question maybe a different way. Looking at the midterm drivers of margin expansion, I was wondering if you could like rank order those. So, whether that's increased licensing revenue, cost savings so we can kind of understand where they all -- where those will fall.
Gina Goetter: Rank order them, like in order of our favorite types of margin? [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we do apologize for the inconvenience. We seem to be having some technical difficulties. Please stand by. Okay. We do have the speakers that we will now proceed.
Gina Goetter: Do we still have Kylie there?
Chris Cocks: Kylie, are you still there?
Kylie Cohu: Yes. Yes.
Gina Goetter: It is never a dull moment on earnings day.
Kylie Cohu: I do believe -- answering my question though.
Gina Goetter: No. Well, I'll tell you, we have the best answer to your question now though. In all seriousness -- so your question of what is really going to drive the margin in the out years. Very simply, it's going to boil down to the profitability improvement we're making within toys. Whether it is the mix benefit that we're generating off of the innovation in portfolio to all of the cost savings that are playing through P&L, and that is going to be the single largest contributor to that margin accretion. Because remember, Wizards we've talked about it a couple of times, the Wizards margin will go down as that monetization start to happen, much more profiting Wizards, just the margin itself will go down.
Kylie Cohu: Exactly. Okay. No. That is super helpful. And then as [indiscernible] someone is just kind of on -- talk about inflation for the year and how supply chain efficiency should offset that pressure. But just kind of curious what which cost you're seeing the most inflation in right now? And just kind of how to think about that, should we be conscious of lapping any deflation from the previous year?
Gina Goetter: No. Good question, but nothing material. I mean as we played through last year, we saw in 2024, 2%, 2.5% inflation, largely driven by labor -- and as we look into 2025, it's similar, 2.5%, 3%, a slight tick-up in inflation, largely again driven by labor within manufacturing as well as within logistics. But again, our model is to always have that cost productivity inflation. Obviously, I'm kind of putting tariffs to the side as I answer that question. We did see, as we went through the balance of last year, logistics rates started to pop a little bit in Q4. We weren't materially impacted by that, but we did see that play through in the market. They're starting to settle out, and we don't expect it to be anything atypical for what we're planning the year.
Kylie Cohu: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Kylie.
Gina Goetter: Thanks for hanging out and being patient. We'll talk to you later this morning
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. And therefore, this also concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And again, we do apologize for the inconvenience that was technical difficulties.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Hasbro's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kern Kapoor, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kern Kapoor: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro's Chief Executive Officer, and Gina Goetter, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we’ll begin with Chris and Gina providing commentary on the company's performance, then we’ll take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release, and in other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Kern, and good morning. Q3 continued to demonstrate the bottom-line benefits of the structural and strategic changes we are making at Hasbro. Two of our strongest profit areas, games and licensing, outperformed, expanding operating profit margin for the third consecutive quarter. The dynamics we’re observing across Magic and D&D, in both analog and digital, reinforce our confidence in the long-term health of the brands. Our competitive advantage as an IP licensor is also gaining steam, as we see the staying power of Monopoly Go!, the resurgence of fan favorite brands like My Little Pony, and strong POS growth in our out-licensed toy portfolio. Consumer Products revenue came in lighter than we anticipated, offset by strength in Wizards, but the pace of the decline moderated significantly versus the first half. We should see that trend continue into Q4. We’re already seeing some encouraging datapoints across toys and board games that prove our innovation is getting sharper and retail alignment is healthy. While we are lowering our full-year revenue guidance for the segment, we are seeing a solid return to profitability for this business. An improving bottom-line, coupled with strong fundamentals across the balance of our portfolio, augur much improved profitability and cash flow for Hasbro both in 2024 and beyond. This resilience in our business model has been years in the making, strategically shifting our mix towards games, digital, and IP licensing, the future of play. This is where the consumer is heading, and we’re following our fans as they age up and look for their favorite brands on digital platforms. It’s what will make Hasbro a diversified, modern, growing toy and game company. Gina will walk through more of the financials and our latest outlook, but first I’ll offer some business insights. Magic: The Gathering continues to be a standout, leading the trading card genre in growth year-to-date. This is despite big shoes to fill from last year’s blockbuster Lord of the Rings set. In Q3, Magic posted another quarter of growth led by our tentpole releases Bloomburrow and the horror-themed Duskmourn, showing how Magic original IP consistently delights fans. Arena also posted solid growth, driven by Bloomburrow, and healthy engagement with the Standard format, with sequential upticks in new player acquisition rates and weekly average user counts. Beyond the strength in tentpole sets, we saw outperformance in backlist, particularly Commander decks, as well as Secret Lair, including a sold-out Festival in a Box ahead of this weekend’s MagicCon in Las Vegas. It’s shaping up to be our biggest one yet and should be chock full of exciting new product announcements like the one we just did at New York Comicon with our partners at Marvel. Coming in December, Magic fans can get the first cards from our new collaboration with Marvel featuring themed Secret Lair drops for five of their favorite Marvel superheroes, including Iron Man, Black Panther, and Wolverine. We are expecting each mini-set to immediately sell out. For D&D, the updated Player’s Handbook for fifth edition is now our fastest selling product in D&D’s 50-year history, beating plan by over 50%. And our acquisition of D&D Beyond continues to pay off, driving D&D’s total mix of direct-to-consumer revenue from zero at the time of acquisition, to 60% today, with registered users more than doubling to 19 million. I’m excited for fans to get their hands on the new Dungeon Master’s Guide releasing next month. The new artwork is a hit and the streamlined introduction to running campaigns has been met with stellar early reviews. Licensing continued to be a bright spot across Hasbro. Monopoly Go! is settling into a steady state, generating approximately $10 million in licensing revenue per month. Our partners at Scopely are continuing to innovate with new formats, including third-party content from Marvel, and Tycoon Club, a new loyalty program to better serve its community of dedicated fans. Working with a best-in-class partner like Scopely helps position Monopoly Go! as a long-lasting mobile game at scale, and the team remains focused on driving user acquisition and retention. Within Consumer Products licensing, our strategy to out-license brands in the toy space is performing ahead of expectations. Year-to-date, Furreal Friends and Littlest Pet Shop, two recent out-licensed properties, are showing over 50% year-over-year POS growth. Building on last quarter’s strength, My Little Pony is having a resurgence through successful international partnerships across multiple merchandise categories, music, and collectible cards. And we continue to roll out some great products across platforms in partnership with Lego. For instance, Lego Peppa Duplo is now available in all markets. We also saw the release of the Lego Icons Bumblebee SKU ahead of our Transformers One movie release as part of Lego’s Adults Welcome marketing campaign for Q4. Toy revenue softness was due in part to our decision to sell less closeout volume in favor of higher profitability, as well as incremental softness in action figures, particularly Star Wars. We view action figures as a long-term bet for the Company and a place Hasbro has special strength from preschoolers to kids to adult fans. So, we are bullish about this segment’s eventual return to growth. One of our bigger bets for this holiday is Beyblade, which launched its fourth generation Beyblade X over the summer. Since turning on media just a few weeks ago, we’ve seen POS accelerate meaningfully, with promotional events at our top retail customers and expect that to continue with a new anime series on Netflix and Disney. While we initially expected a bigger POS turn in Beyblade in Q3, we’re excited to see it respond favorably in recent weeks, and expect a strong ramp as awareness scales with kids. Marvel is also seeing some nice increases on the heels of Deadpool & Wolverine, the new X-Men ‘97 animated series, and continued strength with Spidey and his Amazing Friends, including our new hit preschool toy, Dance & Crawl Spidey. We’re excited for 2025 with new Captain America and Fantastic Four blockbuster films on the horizon and building hype for Disney’s blockbuster 2026 lineup, including Avengers: Dooms Day, a new Spiderman, and a new Mandalorian & Grogu Star Wars film helmed by blockbuster director Jon Favreau. Play-Doh had its best back-to-school, ever with POS up almost 20% and the classic color four-pack rising to the number one position across the entire arts and crafts category. We’re seeing good early momentum for the Pizza Delivery Scooter, with strong top toy placement at our major retail partners. We also have some exciting innovation for Peppa Pig, with Muddy Puddles Peppa, a top toy at Walmart and Amazon. Last but not least, our Board Game portfolio is one of the earliest examples of our new focus on fast-to-market innovation across consumer segments. Whether it’s our new Monopoly Harry Potter Board game for families, Life In Reterra, the new award-winning strategy game, Arschmallows, a best-selling adult card game from Germany we are partnering with for international expansion, Hasbro is delivering delightful new products that are getting consumer attention and driving new sales. Combined, we are pairing our new products with significant expansions of in-store promotions while boosting advertising year-over-year for our innovation bets to drive consumer demand. It’s still early in the holiday, but we anticipate continued improvement in our Toy business as we build the foundation for continued profit growth in 2025 and 2026. To recap, I’m pleased with how Hasbro is executing. Our margins are up, our inventories are down and the healthiest they have been in seven years. Our cost structure is getting where we need it to be, and our toys are showing up on shelf the best they have in years. Our key initiatives around digital, licensing, and reinvigorating our product innovation are bearing fruit as we meet fans where they are. While we are still mid-innings in our toy turnaround, 2024 promises to show a significant uptick in profit, cash flow and operational rigor for the company that will set us up for 2025 and beyond. I’d now like to turn the call over to Gina Goetter to share more on our results and what you should expect for the balance of the year. Gina.
Gina Goetter: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Our Q3 results demonstrated the increasing resilience in the Hasbro business model, underpinned by the strength in Gaming and Licensing. While toy revenue fell short of expectations, we still saw a significant moderation in the decline as compared to the first half, while achieving the highest operating margin for the segment in three years. Between strength in Wizards, licensing performance, and improvements in the underlying profitability of Toys, I’m encouraged by the healthier position Hasbro is in today versus the start of the year. The outperformance in our Wizards segment has proven that our leadership positions in trading cards, role playing, and digital licensing, continue to resonate. Magic delivered an all-around solid quarter across tabletop and digital for both tentpole and backlist content. Consumer Products Licensing was a bright spot for the second straight quarter, driven by My Little Pony trading cards, and a notable driver behind the CP operating margin expansion. Our supply chain team delivered once again, finding additional productivity wins, while our inventory has remained at multi-year lows, down 40% year-over-year. Our strategic decision to keep supply tight has resulted in a significant drop in closeout volume, which continues to be a gross margin benefit at the expense of CP revenue. This is a tradeoff we are consciously making as we continue prioritizing restoration of Toy profitability, while sharpening our innovation to drive premium offerings to our retail partners. Staying disciplined with our inventory across all our businesses is the right long-term decision for the company, but it also heightens the importance of accurate demand forecasting and supply chain agility. As we continue to upgrade our processes and systems, we are focused on strengthening that muscle to ensure we have adequate supply of the products our customers want. As part of our transformation, we continue to look for opportunities to improve operational efficiency. As an example, we recently announced that within the CP Segment, our global brand and commercial teams will be coming together as one organization under the leadership of Tim Kilpin. We are also expanding our Design team’s scope, further integrating them with our supply chain and product development teams in Asia. By bringing the design process closer to the source, we can bring products to market faster and allocate resources more efficiently across our portfolio. A continuous improvement mindset is a key component of our broader transformation, and we will remain agile in adopting processes and structures to best meet the needs of all of our stakeholders. Now moving to our Q3 financial results. Total Hasbro revenue was $1.3 billion, down 15% versus Q3 of last year. If you exclude the impact of the eOne divestiture, total revenue was down 9%. The Wizards segment declined 5% in the quarter as we lapped the launch of Baldur’s Gate 3. Consumer Products revenue declined 10%, driven by exited brands, reduced close-outs, and softer than anticipated volume. And the Entertainment segment declined 86% due to the eOne divestiture. Absent this impact, Entertainment revenue decreased 17%, driven by deal timing. Adjusted operating profit was $329 million, for an adjusted operating margin of 25.7%, up 2.9 points versus last year. Benefits from favorable business mix, supply chain productivity, and reduced expenses, were partially offset by volume deleverage within Consumer Products. Q3 adjusted net earnings were $244 million, with diluted earnings per share of $1.73, up $0.09 from the year ago period, driven by factors previously noted. We returned $98 million to shareholders through the dividend and ended the period with $1.2 billion of cash and short-term investments, including the proceeds from the May debt offering, which will be used to repay our November 2024 note. Year-to-date total Hasbro revenue was approximately $3 billion, down 18% versus the same period last year. If you exclude the impact of the eOne divestiture, total revenue was down 8%, largely driven by the same drivers of Q3. Year-to-date adjusted operating profit was $726 million, for an adjusted operating margin of 23.9%, up approximately 10 points year-over-year. We continue to deliver margin improvement despite the volume deleverage across the toy business. Year-to-date adjusted net earnings were $498 million, with diluted earnings per share of $3.56. And year-to-date operating cash flow was $588 million, a $253 million improvement year-over-year, driven by the noted profitability improvements and working capital favorability. Now let’s look at Q3 results within our two major segments, starting with Wizards. Revenue declined 5% as growth in Magic: The Gathering, and contributions from Monopoly Go! were more than offset by the anticipated decline in revenue for Baldur’s Gate 3. Magic grew 3% behind the releases of Bloomburrow and Duskmourn, along with stronger results from backlist and Secret Lair. Operating margin for Wizards finished at 44.9%, down about three points versus last year, driven entirely by the decline in licensed digital gaming. Turning to Consumer Products. Overall, Q3 revenue declined 10%. Lower volume from exited brands and reduced closeouts offset growth in licensed consumer products and volume increases in select brands, like Transformers, Beyblade, and Furby. Continued softness in Nerf and action figures, particularly Star Wars, also contributed to the decline in the quarter. As we’ve mentioned, we are continuing to prioritize profitable revenue. While our closeout volume was down about 70% year-over-year and contributed to about a fourth of the revenue decline for CP, it drove about 1.5 points of gross margin benefit. Adjusted operating margin for Consumer Products was 15.1%, up 3.9 points compared to last year. Benefits from a more profitable licensing mix, supply chain productivity, fewer closeouts, and reduced expenses offset the impact from volume deleverage. On a year-to-date basis, despite the top-line declining by over $300 million versus last year, we have absorbed the impact of deleverage and kept CP operating profit essentially flat. This highlights the significant progress we have already made in our turnaround, and is a testament to our supply chain transformation and discipline on inventory and cost management. Now turning to our guidance for 2024. We now expect total Wizards Revenue to be flat to down 1%, which is up from our prior guidance of down 1% to 3%. The improved outlook is driven by year-to-date outperformance, particularly within Magic. Our outlook for licensed digital gaming largely remains the same, with Monopoly Go! contributing roughly $105 million in revenue. We expect Baldur’s Gate 3 to contribute about $35 million for the full year, with most of that revenue recorded through the first three quarters. As implied in our guidance, Q4 will see a more pronounced year-over-year decline, driven by timing of set releases for Magic. We continue to expect Wizards operating margin to be approximately 42%. This guidance also implies a step down in margin for Q4 entirely due to the planned revenue deleverage. For Consumer Products, we now expect revenue will be down 12% to 14%, compared to our prior guidance range of down 7% to 11%. This change is partly a result of the Q3 shortfall, as well as a reduced forecast for closeout volume and action figures in the upcoming quarter. As implied in our guidance, we expect Q4 to see a continued moderation in the pace of decline as we aim to stabilize the CP business. We maintain our adjusted operating margin guidance of 4% to 6%. While this implies a quarterly step-down in Q4 margin, we should see significant year-over-year margin expansion as we lap last year’s inventory clean-up efforts. For Entertainment, adjusting for the impact of the eOne divestiture, we continue to expect revenue to be down approximately $15 million versus last year, and adjusted operating margin of roughly 60%. We remain on track towards our target of $750 million of gross cost savings through 2025 and continue to expect $200 million $250 million of net cost savings in 2024. Through the first nine months of the year, we have delivered $240 million of gross cost savings and $177 million of net savings. Our total Hasbro adjusted EBITDA guidance remains unchanged in the range of $975 million to $1.025 billion. And given the improvement in our cash flow, we now expect 2024 ending cash to be above year-end 2023 levels. From a capital allocation standpoint, our priorities remain to, first, invest behind the core business. Second is to return cash to shareholders via the dividend, and third, to continue progressing towards our long-term leverage targets and pay down debt. And with that, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Hey guys, good morning. I have a couple of questions on Monopoly Go! I think you guys suggested recently that you had better line of sight on Scopely’s plans for UA spend, and that you believe that marketing as a percentage of revenue would come in at the high end of a range of 25% to 35%. The third-party data, however, suggests that downloads have continued to fall precipitously. So, can you reconcile the two? Sounds like you're comfortable with a $10 million royalty revenue per month-type cadence, but just want to make sure that's still reasonable going forward. And then can you address how the launch of Monopoly Go!’s web store and presumably lower platform fees will affect royalty revenue that flows to Hasbro going forward? Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Hey, Drew, good morning. I'll start and then Gina can fill in the details. So, our implied guidance on about $10 million a month in terms of royalty revenue, just kind of like, basically takes into account all of the various variables from what their gross revenue is, what their rev share is with the store, or what they're able to drive themselves via something like Tycoon Club, and then last but not least, what we anticipate their UA spends will be. Based on the data that we've seen and that we can share, because we have to respect Scopely as a third-party partner and they have their own disclosure, we see pretty healthy UA rates. We see good KPIs in terms of the cost per install, which we think is a testament to the strength and ubiquity of the Monopoly brand. And we're seeing very strong engagement among their existing consumers and re-engagement among lapse consumers. And so, all that factors into what we believe will be a fairly steady revenue stream for us for many months to come.
Gina Goetter: Yes. Morning, Drew. I'll just add color. The decay rate, your comment on decay rate, we did see it stabilize as we moved through the quarter. So, that was not as volatile as we've seen or as bouncing around as we've seen in previous quarters. And then from a marketing spend standpoint, remember last quarter we talked about spending within that range of 25% to 35%, and I indicated that we were going to be probably on the higher end of that range. We absolutely saw that play through as we moved through the quarter. So, if you think about our guide for that year of that $105 million, we're sticking with that same outlook on the decay rate. So, a moderated decay rate and that higher end of that range of marketing spend. So, $30 million of revenue, 10-ish per month in Q3, and that's what we're anticipating for Q4.
Chris Cocks: Yes. The only other thing I'd add, Drew, just as like, kind of part two of your question is, the more successful they are with initiatives like Tycoon Club, the higher the potential revenue is to us. So, we're cheering them on.
Drew Crum: Yep. Okay. Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Megan Alexander with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Megan Alexander: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. I wanted to start with the change in the consumer products guide, understanding that 3Q is a little bit worse. I think it does imply 4Q down mid-single digits or so. Seems like there's some puts and takes with maybe lower closeout volumes, and maybe a little bit weaker POS. Maybe you can just help us understand what's embedded as it relates to POS maybe versus what you're seeing today. And I ask, because I think you're wrapping a pretty sizable top-line headwind in the fourth quarter from some of the inventory actions last year. So, just trying to understand how that kind of down six-ish implied for the fourth quarter relates to what you're expecting from a purely POS perspective.
Gina Goetter: Yes, good question. Good morning. Well, let's take the guide down in pieces. So, roughly at the midpoint, it represents about $100 million of revenue. About half of that is due to closeout volume, so us not chasing bad deals or unprofitable deals. So, about half of that call down is closeouts. Then there's probably another 30% to 40% of that bucket that is associated with our entertainment-backed brands, primarily Star Wars. We really saw that play through in September. It didn't kind of live up to the estimates that we had in the month in September. And we kind of took that trend and took it forward into our Q4 outlook. And then the last piece of the call down is really what we would call our growing pains as we move into this leaner inventory structure, tighter supply planning processes, more rigor on our demand planning forecast. There were just some places where our execution wasn't as tight as we wanted it to be. So, those are the big three buckets that kind of caused the call down. In terms of your point on POS, we really haven't seen a material change in outlook as we move through the quarter or through Q4. So, that really wasn't a piece of why we called it down. It was more of what we were seeing play through in closeouts in Star Wars and then these execution elements.
Chris Cocks: Yes, Megan, the only thing I would add is when you look at the mix of our products and our expectations for sell-through, our “good toy” volume, so our non-discounted volume, we anticipate will be flat to up in Q4. Our discounted toy volume will be down quite significantly. I think year-to-date, our total volume is down like 70% on discounted volume.
Gina Goetter: Yes. When you look at our total revenue call like decline on CP, almost a third of it is because of closeout volume, closeout revenue, so much more profitable for us, obviously, but a headwind on the top-line.
Megan Alexander: Okay, that's really helpful. Thank you. And then maybe I'll just ask about the CP margin too. Was there anything one time in the third quarter performance? It was obviously very strong despite the top-line decline. And based on what you're telling me, it seems like you should continue to kind of have that mix benefit of lower closeout in the fourth quarter. So, looking at like what's implied in the fourth quarter versus I guess what typical seasonality would suggest top-line getting better. Just trying to understand whether there's some conservatism implied in the fourth quarter margin guide, or whether there was something we should be aware of in 3Q that won't repeat in the fourth quarter.
Gina Goetter: Got it. Yes, there was nothing - good question. There was nothing one time in nature in the Q3 margin. It was actually quite a healthy - set the top-line aside, it was quite a healthy underpinning in all of the improvements that we're making within the supply chain. You could really see that come through the P&L. In terms of year to go in the Q4 margin, a couple of things to keep in mind. One, royalty expense picks up in Q4. Just when you think of our mix of business and where it's coming from, there's higher royalty the Beyblade, the Transformers, et cetera. Then the second piece is we are lapping all of the stuff that happens within managed expenses related to bonus replenishment, et cetera. We are lapping that kind of call down in Q4 of last year. We replenished this year. So, those are the big two things that are probably atypical that you should be factoring in.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Horvers with J.P. Morgan & Chase. Please proceed.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning. So, my first question is a follow up on the CP outlook. If you think about the third and fourth quarter, how much of the impact was from the exited brands in terms of how that influences 3Q and what the underlying sort of rate of the business is projected for the fourth quarter?
Gina Goetter: Yes, good question. So, about two points or about, call it 30-ish or 20-ish, $25 million ish, that's my precise math, was due to the exited brands in the third quarter. Sorry, I missed, what was the second part of your question? I missed it.
Christopher Horvers: Is there any in the fourth quarter?
Gina Goetter: Yes. About the same amount in the fourth quarter as well. And yes, I guess the good news as we move into next year into 2025, we can be done talking about exited brands impact, because I think the bulk of it will be behind us.
Chris Cocks: Yes. And a way to understand how we recognize revenue on those, because they're not really exited. They're just outsourced to other - to third parties and they're actually growing quite healthily. This year, we're basically recognizing the MGs associated with those deals, and those are relatively modest. Next year by the end of the year, we should be - based on the pace of which they're going, we should be kind of flowing through real-time a fairly healthy royalty rate on those, which is well above what the operating profit margin would've been when we were operating them ourselves.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then as you think about the monopoly, go, Chris, you had previously spoken about this game is going to last and benefit Hasbro for a long time. Part of that math was like the decay rate versus advertising coming down. You talked about sort of this $10 million run rate for many months to come. I guess, is it fair to say that the original expectation is maintained, i.e. there won't be some sort of precipitous drop as we look at a year from now and think about the back half of 2025?
Chris Cocks: Yes, I would think Monopoly Go! in 2025 would be flat to up versus what we realized in 2024.
Gina Goetter: Yes, Chris, keep in mind that we have one additional quarter next year where we didn't have the minimum - like we weren't surpassing the minimum guarantee.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler with ROTH Capital. Please proceed.
Eric Handler: Good morning. Thanks for the question. It looks like the legs for Baldur’s Gate 3 is much healthier than, or they anticipated at the start of the year. I wonder if you could talk about your relationship with Larian and how you can keep this just momentum with this game continuing to flow on an evergreen basis.
Chris Cocks: Yes, I think the best comp for looking at how Larian will manage Baldur’s Gate 3 is what they've done with their Divinity franchise. And that franchise has enjoyed incredible legs, a really long healthy tail. Larian as a publisher tends to be very community-friendly. They tend to not discount their products, and they tend to do kind of like special additions and special content drops to keep kind of refreshing things with the consumer. We would anticipate that they would treat Baldur’s Gate in a very similar manner. They've been great partners. And I don't think Baldur’s Gate 3 will be quite the annuity it was this year. We enjoyed like $35 million, which was pretty healthy, but we will continue to make money off of Baldur’s Gate 3 for several years to come.
Eric Handler: Okay. And then I guess, Gina, originally you expected Magic to decline for the year. Given the outperformance scene in the third quarter, do you still think Magic declines a little bit for the year?
Gina Goetter: Yes, just given what's going to happen in the fourth quarter. So, remember, we've talked about, we don't have a comp in the fourth quarter for the Lord of the Rings holiday set. So, you're right, Magic has outperformed our expectation through the first three quarters. But Q4, there is just the reality of set timing and that holiday set that won't be there. But as we look to 2025, that all starts to even back out.
Chris Cocks: Yes, it's tough to bet against Magic. It has nice long legs and 2025 will be great.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Perry with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Alex Perry: Hi, thanks for taking my questions here. I guess wanted to ask similar line of question on the sort of 4Q implied guide for the Wizard of the Coast. So, I think sort of implies revenue down 20 plus percent in the fourth quarter. I guess, what would drive that? Is that all just the sort of Magic shortfall versus the Lord of the Rings holiday set lap last year? And then can you maybe just talk through the step-down in the Wizards op margin guide, which I think implies sort of in the 20 in the fourth quarter? Is that entirely sort of volume deleverage on Wizards? Thanks.
Gina Goetter: Yes, good morning, Alex. You nailed it in terms of what's causing the pull-down on both the top and the margin. It really is related to this Magic set timing. When you look at the digital portfolio, it is relatively flat year-over-year. So, you had the benefit from Baldur's Gate last year. This year, you have the benefit from Monopoly Go! So, when you think of the margin and what's pulling that down, it's all that delev impact of the Magic volume.
Chris Cocks: Yes. And from a top-line perspective, you have two things going on with Magic. The first is, there is a fairly sizable second bite at the Lord of the Rings apple in December of last year. And then the second thing to be thinking about is the timing of our January sets. Depending on what time of year that happens, we have to sell in to our distributors at a different time. So, our big kind of remastered set for January is going to be a bit later next year. So, we're not going to see that sell in until likely next fiscal year.
Alex Perry: Perfect. Incredibly helpful. Best of luck going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. I was just looking at your operating profit margin for year-to-date. It's running north of 23%, I guess almost 24% to be exact. So, then Q4 almost has to be worse than 11% or so. For all the pieces to work together after Q3 came in so strongly for you kind of not to hit the 19.5%, 20% for the year. And I understand the high margin gaming would be lower and there's a huge sort of revenue deleverage there. But like, are there any puts and takes, and I guess I'm trying to understand full-year implied operating profit guide a little bit better. And then I have a quick follow-up.
Gina Goetter: Got it. Yes. Got it. Good morning. Yes, we are within spitting distance of that Magic 20% threshold. And to your point, the overall company margin does give back in the fourth quarter. I mean, there's two pieces for that. One, when you look at our mix of business in the fourth quarter, it goes heavier toy versus wizards. Like that's just the nature of it. And that mix creates a bit of a margin drag. And then the second piece you hit on in your question, it is the deleverage impact that we're seeing play through the Wizards P&L. So, those are the two pieces that kind of caused that pullback in Q4.
Arpine Kocharyan: Okay. Thank you. And then I was wondering if you could give us an overall POS read year-to-date and what that was excluding all the licensing exits for you and the licenses that you gave up, what was POS for the quarter? And then can you update us on what you expect for the industry in terms of POS for this year? Seems like you usually include that in the release and I think, I guess maybe I didn't see it. It was not in the release this morning. I'm just trying to understand whether there's any change to your expectations. Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Yes, so when we think about the - I'll talk about the market first. So, take out building blocks. because building blocks is kind of doing different than the rest of the toy industry. When you look at the toy industry ex-building blocks, it's effectively down low, maybe on the lower end of mid-single - low single digits to low mid-single digits. So, call it down 2% to down 5%. Our expectation is the holiday will probably continue that trend. It'll be down probably low single digits, maybe on the lower side of down mid-single digits. And that's kind of factored into our full-year guidance. And really our expectations haven't changed materially on that front. In terms of our POS rate, year-to-date, we're down high single digits ex our divested brands. We expect that to get incrementally better in Q4 just based on the newness on the advertising and the rate of promotions we have. Our number of in-store promotions is up quite significantly, particularly at our mass partners. Our share is up inside of our e-commerce partners. I think our products are much better positioned. All you have to do is go into a Target or a Walmart and look at our pricing and look at how we're showing up on shelf. So, we expect continued improvement in kind of how we're showing up and how we're selling through.
Operator: Our next question is from James Hardiman with Citigroup, please proceed.
Sean Rooney: Good morning. This is Sean Rooney on for James Hardiman. Curious about your expectations for the holiday season and how would you characterize retailer sentiment ahead of the holidays? And then also could you just talk about what brands you're most excited about for the fourth quarter?
Chris Cocks: Hey, good morning, Sean. I'll start with that and perhaps Gina will fill in some blanks. So, as I talked with our P&A, our general expectation is that the toy industry will be down modestly in Q4 ex-building blocks. Perhaps with building blocks, it'll be roughly flat to maybe down a percentage or so. In terms of asking me for my favorite brands, gosh, that's tough. You're going to get me in trouble with all of our teams outside here. We certainly feel great about how Plato's been positioned. It had a fantastic back to school. We have the new Plato scooter. We have our new Marvel collaboration with Plato, both of which are doing really, really well. I think Beyblade X is starting to take off. We saw a nice early pop with like fan audiences in early Q3, and we're starting to see it take off with like the new animated series and the advertising with kids. That brand did fantastically in Japan when it launched last year, and we expect it to be a nice mover for us this year. Transformers One has seen a nice pop since the movie. We expect another nice one when the home video and streaming window opens up before the holiday period ends. Marvel is seeing some nice increases, whether it's preschool Spidey and his amazing friends, or kind of what we're seeing on the core line. There's been some nice content there. Our board game portfolio I think has rarely been better than it is now. We've got basically products for everyone. And then you know me, I'm a super fan of Wizards and I love what they're doing with the revisions to fifth edition and some of the new content we have coming out for Magic. I'll be in the queue for that Marvel Magic secret layer that's coming out in December. And hopefully, I'll be able to pick up all five releases.
Gina Goetter: I don't think that answer - I think you covered all your bases with that answer. I don't think anybody in our team would be mad at that answer. I will tell you.
Chris Cocks: Potatohead. Angry at me.
Gina Goetter: I have a lot of nieces and nephews that are under the age of five. And the biggest hits in - when I come home and visit them are Play-Doh. So, all of the offerings in Play-Doh. In fact, I think they're all getting the scooters for Christmas, but don't tell them. Let's hope they don't listen to the call. And then Marvel and the offering, all the - from the toys, the role playing, all of it on Marvel is a big hit in my households that I visit. But to the first part of your question on the retail sentiment, really unchanged. Continuing to get really good support from our retail partners and in getting ready for this upcoming holiday. So, I may have gotten in trouble with some of our teams, but you had your bases covered.
Sean Rooney: Oh, that's helpful. Thanks. And then
Gina Goetter: I hope we keep the secret from your nieces. Sorry, go ahead. Your second question, Sean.
Sean Rooney: Oh yes, if I could also just touch on the remaining cost savings opportunities, maybe looking ahead to next year even, and do you have any expectation on what that split might look like between cost of year savings and OpEx savings going forward?
Gina Goetter: Yes, good question. Yes, as we've moved through this year, a little more than half of our cost savings, yes, probably about 60% of our cost savings has come from the supply chain, with the balance of the savings coming really within our - all of our managed expense levers that we have. As we move to next year, it probably shakes out more to be like 50-50 across those buckets. We continue to see opportunities within our supply chain. Next year will be the first year that you start to hear us talk about the design to value savings that start to play into the P&L. We've talked about that as a strategy. We really haven't realized any dollar benefit from that in this year. We'll start to realize that next year. We're continuing then to refine our network, both with our suppliers and within our logistics network. So, supply chain will continue to be a positive contributor for us next year. And then of course on the managed expense buckets, all those continue to be refined, and we expect another steady year of savings from those.
Operator: Our next question is from Kylie Cohu with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Kylie Cohu: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned quite a bit of like innovation at Scopely and that kind of seemed internal to them. I was wondering if you could dig a little more into that and kind of the future of your relationship with them.
Chris Cocks: Yes, so we have a long relationship with Scopely. We do games with them based on Yahtzee, on Scrabble, and most recently with Monopoly. We're always talking with them about other aspects of our IP portfolio that we could work together on. And quite frankly, we'd be pretty excited on any future games they want to do. I think they're one of the best partners in the mobile space. And mobile isn't for the faint of heart. It requires a tremendous amount of capital. It requires a tremendous amount of publisher expertise and a huge CRM database to be able to leverage large audiences in free-to-play games. And so, I think we count ourselves very lucky to have a partner as adept as them. In terms of like the innovation they have, they are doing a lot of really fun events in Monopoly Go! that I think is going to be very sticky and help to drive new audience engagement, like the latest Marvel collaboration they have, I think is a great example of that. Just look at what we do on Monopoly on shelf, whether it's Harry Potter or Pokemon or Marvel or Barbie. You can imagine that Scopely has the same scope of opportunities to be able to do that virtually for events, and I think that'll be super, super sticky. And then what they're doing with Tycoon Club, that's a great way to kind of engage like your top players, your most - your stickiest, your most engaged players, and kind of shift the business model in a favorable way towards publisher. And that's just goodness for us as well, because we make our money based on their net-of-platform fees. So, if their platform fees are lower, our overall royalty revenue is more positive.
Kylie Cohu: Perfect. Makes a lot of sense. And then a little bit more on the Marvel Magic drop happening soon. Obviously, you expect the initial drop to sell out pretty much immediately, but kind of curious how the size of this drop compares to the Lord of the Ring set. Obviously, much smaller, but just anything directional or would be helpful. And then also in the future, could there be a marble release that's a similar size to Lord of the Rings?
Chris Cocks: Oh, yes, yes. So, the secret layer drops will be in kind of like the - you should anticipate it like low millions to mid-single-digit millions of dollars per kind of release is kind of roughly how you should think about it. I think that one of our most successful secret layer drops ever would've been like a $7 million or $8 million drop. These are very targeted. They have limited runs, and they tend to be in and out within hours. We at New York Comic-Con, announced the Spider-Man set, which will be the first major set we're doing with Marvel. We have multiple sets that will happen over the next like four or five years with Marvel. And you can imagine what a Spider-Man and Spider-Verse set might be able to do from a revenue perspective. Looking at Magic next year, as we look out to 2025, Magic's going to be kind of a core part of our thesis in terms of top-line growth. We have Final Fantasy, which will come out in June. We have the Spider-Man collaboration, which will come out in the second half of the year. And then we have a third Universes Beyond that we haven't yet announced yet, I believe that I think fans will also really be clamoring for by the end of the year. So, the future of Magic looks pretty bright, and when Magic is healthy, Hasbro tends to be healthy.
Gina Goetter: Very true. That’s a good one to end on there.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, this will conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 10:23:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Hasbro's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kern Kapoor, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kern Kapoor: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro's Chief Executive Officer; and Gina Goetter, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Gina providing commentary on the company's performance. Then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Kern, and good morning. Q2 was another good quarter. We saw strength in gaming and digital licensing and landed where we expected within consumer products, while increasing operating margin and maintaining healthy inventory. It's nice to come into calls like this and not only deliver what we said, but to start making it a habit. Across games, IP and toys, Hasbro is emerging a more profitable, agile and operationally excellent company, one dedicated to delighting fans of all ages through the MAGIC play. Our licensing and IP business continues to be a differentiator for us. In digital, we're seeing megahits like Monopoly Go! demonstrates staying power. We have over 35 entertainment projects in development and our team continues to drive our IP within consumer products through partners spanning the globe in multiple categories. And as we look at the business of play, it's clear that digital is here to stay in a bigger factor than ever and how successful toy and game companies will grow and strengthen their brands. We're years ahead of our peers, having already spent hundreds of millions of dollars building out our own studio capacity and expanding our brands through digital partnerships, games like Baldur's Gate 3 show us what the future looks like. And while we're still in the middle of the ballgame on our turnaround efforts in toys, we're seeing signs our innovation is working, particularly where we have a big head start versus the competition. Many companies in the toy and games industry are waking up to the power of fans and the importance of "kid oats" [ph]. Hasbro's long appreciated this audience, driving over 60% of our revenue from consumers 13 and older and we'll continue to lean in here as we think about innovation across our product portfolio. Looking at the business with the first half of the year in the books, our team delivered, and we're raising our full year guidance as a result. Gina will share more detail shortly, and I'll first offer some business highlights across gaming, licensing and toys. We had another solid quarter from MAGIC: THE GATHERING on the back of this year's blockbuster set release Modern Horizons 3 facing a high bar with last year's Lord of the Rings, Universes Beyond set, Modern Horizons 3 has had a strong start, becoming the fastest selling set in MAGIC'S history. While we expect a tougher comp in the back half for MAGIC following the strong first half and as we lap a greater number of releases last year, we're seeing good early interest in our first tentpole set, Bloomboro [ph], releasing next week. And then in 2025, we anticipate a return to growth for MAGIC driven by two Universes Beyond sets for Final Fantasy and Marvel that fans are already eagerly anticipating. Within D&D, we're seeing solid pre-orders for the 2024 Core Rulebook for the revised and expanded fifth edition. D&D also shows how we're increasing digitization across our portfolio. Digital revenue already accounts for over half of the mix due to the success of D&D Beyond. Next week at Gen Con, fans can expect to see more of our 3D role-playing sandbox experience built on Unreal Engine V bringing players favorite franchises to life across PC, console and mobile. We look forward to getting it in gamers' hands later this year. D&D Beyond already represents our largest direct-to-consumer platform with 18 million registered users. Along with polls, our destination for exclusive collectibles across fan favorite brands like G.I. Joe and Star Wars, we see an opportunity to unlock more value across our Hasbro Direct business. Licensing was another standout in the quarter. Momentum in Monopoly Go! from our partners at Scopely continued into Q2, accelerating our revenue recognition beyond the minimum guarantees and driving healthy upside to both revenue and operating profit. Since launch, the game has grossed over $3 billion in revenue, making Hasbro the top licenser of video games over the past year, according to Aldora. The team continues to have an active pipeline of licensing opportunities across PC, console, mobile and casino, leveraging our rich IP. In Q2, we announced a new arcade-style game for Power Rangers with our partners at Digital Eclipse. And just this month, we kick off the Transformers Overwatch 2 Crossover. As we continue to invest in our digital gaming efforts, both through partnerships and self-publishing through our own studios, I'm excited that John Hight, former SVP and GM of the Warcraft franchise for Blizzard Entertainment is joining Hasbro as President of Wizards of the Coast. John is a lifelong MAGIC and D&D fan and bodies Hasbro's mission to bring people together through play. Within Consumer Products Licensing, we saw growth in the quarter, helped by our new partnership with Kayo collectible trading cards building on the resurgence of My Little Pony in China, and Littlest Pet Shop international appeal continues to grow. Ranked as the number two growth property in place at dolls and collectibles across the G10 according to Circana. We also launched several partner-led Hasbro branded properties, including a new Peppa Pig theme park in Germany as well as the game room and Planet Play School in New Jersey, combining for 60,000 square foot of games and STEM-based play experiences. Finally, turning to toys. As a reminder, we began the year expecting the first half for consumer products to look similar to last year's second half. Through Q2, we've landed where we thought we would and I'm encouraged by several early reads, notably Beyblade. After a strong launch in Japan, we've begun rolling out Beyblade globally. We've seen positive early demand with fans liking the streamlined brand assembly and new accelerator rail stadium that creates epic collisions. And in this year, wider entertainment content as rose well positioned with the biggest movie for toys coming to theaters this September, TRANSFORMERS 1 with our partners at Paramount. We have strong retail alignment and healthy early demand for our fan SKUs to celebrate the brand's 40th anniversary. You can expect renewed innovations in some of our core toy properties as we head into back-to-school. PLAY-DOH has shown strength all year, and we've gained valuable insights from our digital marketing efforts in the spring that we'll be applying to the fall. We're expanding play styles with new launches like the first ride on pizza delivery scooter and aging up with PLAY-DOH Marvel action figures in partnership with the Walt Disney Company. This fall, we'll also be ramping our latest N-Series for Nerf, which features a proprietary nerve dart. Retailer support has been strong since last month's launch. Our people and culture are critical to the successes I've highlighted during this call. And so before I wrap up, I want to also welcome back Holly Barbacovi, an HR Powerhouse, who's bringing her pragmatic approach to HR back to Hasbro as our new Chief People Officer. To recap, it was a good quarter with solid performance and profitability, led by our strength in gains and licensing. Toys came in as expected and we see a path to growth in Q4, driven by innovation and strong alignment with our retail partners. We still have most of the year left to go and we'll be watching back-to-school closely. But our team's work is starting to make a real difference, and we feel confident in taking our guidance up for the full year. I'd like to now turn over the call to Gina to share more about our detailed results and updated outlook. Gina?
Gina Goetter: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In Q2, we made further progress building a healthier foundation for Hasbro as we delivered better profits, moderated the pace of our revenue decline and continue to up-level our internal processes and systems. I'm pleased with our team's execution in the first half as we continue to drive operational rigor across the company. Similar to Q1, we once again saw outperformance in digital licensing led by a material step-up in contribution from Monopoly Go! as the game's momentum allowed us to exceed the minimum guarantee sooner than expected. This, along with healthy growth in consumer product licensing, growth in MAGIC and another strong quarter from our supply chain team drove significant operating margin expansion. And while we still have more than half a year left from a revenue contribution standpoint, we're doing a lot of the right things and are confident from where we sit today to take up our full year guidance. Our turnaround in toys is well underway. Q2 declined similar to Q1 as we had anticipated. And while Q3 and the back-to-school selling season will be an important gauge, we're entering the second half with clean retail inventory and are seeing encouraging demand signals for our planned innovation. And by putting the right underlying demand and supply planning processes and systems in place, we've been able to bring aged inventory down to historic lows, while ensuring we have suitable inventory levels to support sell-through for the holidays. We've also improved our end-to-end planning capabilities to better align where we source inventory with customer demand. In the first half of this year, we've already had some major wins from our supply chain team. And with that, I'd like to acknowledge Stephanie Beal, who has been instrumental to this transformation and congratulate her on becoming our new Supply Chain Officer. Integrated business planning plays an important role as we transform Hasbro into a more profitable and operationally agile company. After the first couple of quarters of implementation, we're seeing greater information flow and faster decision-making, which is starting to show up in ours. And just like we're focused on digitization across play patterns, we're also enhancing our digital operations to ensure we're running as efficiently as possible and is why I'm excited to welcome Dan Shull as our new Chief Digital Information Officer. Dan brings a wealth of Fortune 500 experience and will steer our digital and IT strategy using cutting-edge technology to enhance collaboration, accelerate data analytics and modernize our infrastructure. Now moving on to Q2 financial results. Total Hasbro net revenue was $995 million, down 18% versus Q2 of last year. If you exclude the impact of the eOne divestiture, total revenue was down 6%. Growth of 20% in our Wizards of the Coast segment, led by MAGIC and licensed digital games, was more than offset by the 20% decline in consumer products, driven by lower closeout volume, reduced entertainment slate exited brands. The Entertainment segment declined 90% due to the sale of the eOne film and TV business, Absent this impact, entertainment revenue decreased 30% driven by timing. Adjusted operating profit was $249 million, for an adjusted operating margin of 25%, up nearly 14 points year-on-year. This substantial improvement was driven by favorable business mix, lower royalty expense, supply chain productivity savings, the eOne divestiture and about a 2.5 point benefit from lapping the D&D movie impairment. Q2 adjusted net earnings were $170 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.22, up from $0.49 in the year-ago period, driven by the items noted as well as reduced net interest expense and favorable timing within tax. We returned $97 million to shareholders through the dividend and ended the period with $1.1 of cash and short-term investments following May's completion of a $500 million debt offering of notes. The proceeds from the issuance are expected to be used to repay our November 2024 bond maturity. Year-to-date, total Hasbro revenue was $1.75 billion, down 21% versus the same period last year. If you exclude the impact of the eOne divestiture, total revenue was down 7% versus a year ago. Growth of 15% in our Wizards to the Coast segment was more than offset by the 20% decline in consumer products and the 11% decline in the Entertainment segment due to the sale of the eOne film and TV business. Absent film and TV, the entertainment segment is relatively flat. Year-to-date adjusted operating profit was $397 million for an adjusted operating margin of 22.7% up over 14 points year-over-year, mostly driven by cost savings from our operational excellence program as well as favorable business mix and the eOne divestiture. In aggregate, we were able to deliver significant margin improvement, despite the ongoing volume deleverage across our toy business. Year-to-date, adjusted net earnings were $255 million, with diluted earnings per share of $1.83, driven by the improvement in operating profit as well as favorability from a stock compensation adjustment and net interest expense reduction. Operating cash flow was $365 million year-to-date, a $246 million improvement year-over-year, driven by the profitability improvement, timing of digital licensing collections, as well as the shift in timing of a transition tax payment to Q3. Now let's look at our two major segments in more detail, starting with Wizards of the Coast in digital gaming. Q2 revenue grew 20% year-over-year, largely behind strength in digital licensing led by Monopoly Go! and to a lesser extent, continued contribution from Baldur's Gate 3. Last quarter, we discussed there could be the ability to book above the minimum guarantees sooner than originally planned. Due to the game's momentum, we were able to earn approximately $35 million above the minimum guarantee of $5 million in the quarter. Segment revenue also benefited from growth in MAGIC tabletop behind the successful release of Modern Horizons 3 as well as early shipments for next week's tentpole set, Bloomboro, both of which more than offset last year's Q2 contribution from Lord of the Rings. Digital gaming revenue also saw a roughly $20 million noncash benefit from a publishing contract with an international partner. Operating margin for Wizards finished at 54.7%, up nearly 17 points versus last year, mainly driven by a richer digital mix, supply chain productivity gains, and lower royalty expenses as we lapped last year's MAGIC Lord of the Ring set. Turning to Consumer Products, Q2 revenue declined 20% year-over-year, driven by reduced closeout volume exited brands and lapping a busier entertainment slate, including last year's Transformers: Rise of the Beasts. Consumer product licensing was a bright spot driven by our partnership with My Little Pony and Kayou Trading Cards. FURBY and the continued momentum in FURBLETS, G.I. Joe and PLAY-DOH also performed well within toys, while Nerf continued to see softness ahead of the back half innovation launch. Adjusted operating margin for Consumer Products came in roughly breakeven, down about 3.5 points compared to last year. Cost savings and the benefit from lower unprofitable closeouts were offset by product mix and volume deleverage. As anticipated, there was also approximately $10 million of operating income attributed to the segment as we reallocated cost savings captured within the corporate segment back to CP. On a year-to-date basis, despite a revenue decline of 20%, segment operating margin declined by only 3 points year-on-year as we were able to significantly mitigate the deleverage impact by reducing our cost across supply chain and within operating expenses. Now turning to our updated guidance for 2024. Given the strong performance in the first half, we are raising our guidance for the full year, and we now expect total Wizards revenue to be down 1% to 3%, and up from our prior guidance of down 3% to 5%, driven by the first half outperformance in digital licensing. For the full year, Monopoly Go! will generate roughly $105 million in revenue. This outlook assumes a modest monthly gross revenue decay rate for the game and consistent marketing support. For Baldur's Gate 3, we now anticipate roughly $30 million for the full year, with the bulk of that revenue having been recorded in the first half. With all of these puts and takes, digital licensing will be down in Q3 as we lap the launch of Baldur's Gate 3, and we anticipate Q4 to be relatively flat versus last year. For MAGIC, we expect some contraction in the second half due to the timing of set releases. While Modern Horizons 3 successfully lapped the initial release of Lord of the Rings, it will not have a comparison launch for last year's holiday bundle. We now forecast Wizard operating margin to be approximately 42%, up from our prior guidance of 38% to 40%, driven by the increased mix of the licensing revenue. For Consumer Products, keeping in mind that a big part of the year is ahead of us, we expect revenue will be down 7% to 11%, up slightly from our prior guidance range of down 7% to 12%. This narrowing is driven by encouraging early demand signals and retailer support for our back half product innovation specifically Beyblade, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS ahead of the major animated film TRANSFORMERS 1 in September. We are forecasting a low single-digit decline in Q3 before flipping to growth in Q4 with the impact from our divested brands continuing to be a headwind. We maintain our adjusted operating margin guidance of 4% to 6% for consumer products. Margins in Q3 will be relatively flat versus last year followed by significant expansion in Q4 as we lap the impact of the inventory cleanup. For entertainment, adjusting for the impact of the eOne divestiture. We continue to expect revenue to be down approximately $15 million versus last year and adjusted operating margin of roughly 60%. We remain on track towards our target of $750 million of gross cost savings by 2025 and continue to expect $200 million to $250 million of net cost savings in 2024. Through the first half of the year, we have delivered $150 million of gross cost savings and $90 million of net savings. With the increased revenue outlook and greater profitability in Wizards, we now expect total Hasbro adjusted EBITDA in the range of $975 million to $1.025 billion, up from our prior year guidance of $925 million to $1 billion. Given the improvement in our cash flow, we now expect 2024 ending cash to be at roughly similar levels versus 2023 and from a capital allocation standpoint, our priorities remain to first invest behind the core business. Second is to return cash to shareholders via the dividend; and third, to continue progressing towards our long-term leverage targets and pay down debt. And with that, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with ROTH Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Chris, what if you could talk a little bit big picture for Wizards, your recent hiring of John Hight to take over from Cynthia. Obviously, a huge ridges background for him at Blizzard. You now have 4 people on your board with video games background. Can you talk about how you're thinking about internal development of video games and what you're willing to commit to capital for that business?
Chris Cocks: Sure thing. Good morning, Eric. Thanks for the question. Yes, John, I think, is a luminary hire. He's had a major hand in a bunch of my favorite gaming franchises, whether it's Warcraft, Hearthstone, God of War and even going way back to Command & Conquer. He's worked on some great stuff, which I think is perfectly on point with what Wizards of the Coast is all about and what our digital gaming strategy is all about which is extending a bunch of great mid-core and hard-core brands and an expertise in designing for those kinds of audiences and helping us digitize what those brands can do. I think between our Board moves and between talent that we brought on Board, most recently with John, but even before that, studio leaders we have like Ames Kirshen, who was in charge of Batman Arkham series of Warner Bros, James Ohlen, who was the Head of Creative Design at BioWare, responsible for the first Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Mass Effect. We're going all in on becoming a digital play company. I think Gina has talked a lot about the kind of the capital that we've invested. I think our -- roughly our capital envelope is about $250 million a year. About half of that is going into digital games. We think that's roughly around a steady state for us. Our goal is to be shipping 1 to 2 new games per year starting as early as late 2025, potentially early 2026. And I think we have a balanced approach to that. When you look at our game, when you look at our portfolio of investments in games, whether they're partnerships or JVs that we're doing or just fully internal investments. And then you look at our whole line up of licensed games, we have 150 projects that are either active in the market or in development. I think it's important for us to have a hand as a publisher to guide our franchises and to work on the areas and the audiences that we think are hyper important. But I also think it's important for us to work with the best partners in the business and extend those franchises in areas where either we don't have the expertise or we don't have the platform. And I think we've been doing a good job of it. It's no accident why I think we're the number one licensor in the space. And I think we're going to be a top publisher eventually in the space, and we're going to take our time and do it right.
Gina Goetter: Hi, Eric. This is Gina. Eric, I just have one point of clarification just so that folks grab it as we talk about the capital, so that $250 million number that Chris quoted is for the entire company. And as you said, about half of that is going against these games that is probably the right run rate as we take it forward here. So just -- I don't want people to go online to the $250 million. That's representative of the whole company.
Eric Handler: Okay. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, 3Q in your consumer products business in toys tends to be a very strong quarter for direct imports. Can you talk about what's happening there and how the supply chain is working for shipping?
Gina Goetter: Yes. Great question. I would say, as we move through Q2 we saw very smooth shipments with our DI [ph]. We didn't really see any sort of volatility or funds in kind of movement of goods with DI. We're not anticipating a significant impact as we move through Q3 and Q4. Obviously, we're watching the tightening that we're seeing in some of the spot markets. But again, we're contracted out. We feel really good about our ability to access inventory and we're feeling confident of our ability to get it on shelf in times of the holidays.
Eric Handler: Thank you.
Gina Goetter: You're welcome.
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Megan Alexander with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Megan Alexander: Hi, good morning. Thank so much. I wanted to just dig into the guidance raise, if I could. So maybe a couple part question and happy to repeat anything if it doesn't make sense. But you raised, I think, by, call it, 35 million at the midpoint, give or take. I think that's also what you said you exceeded from the Monopoly Go! minimum guarantee relative to your expectations. So I guess just to clarify, as the guidance raised just for the fact that Monopoly Go! came in better in 2Q and then the second part is it does seem related to that, like MAGIC is perhaps doing better than you expected. You did call out some benefit from an international publishing deal in the second quarter. So if there's any way to quantify that and how that flows through to the guidance, that would be helpful as well? Thank you.
Gina Goetter: Sure. Absolutely. Morning Megan. So as we think about the overall guide, I think you've got the simple way in terms of the upside from Monopoly Go! really just translating all the way down to our EBITDA update. That's the primary driver of the raise. I mean, obviously, the margin is richer. We're feeling a little bit more bullish on the consumer product side, but that's the main headline. In terms of MAGIC performance, specifically within the quarter, yes, it is doing better than we had expected, really that Modern Horizons 3 has proven to be a fair comp against Lord of the Rings within the quarter. That was a positive. In terms of the contract, it's roughly $20 million of benefit that came in. We're calling it out because it was $20 million. It's a normal course of business. We have those in kind of puts and takes, just let Chris talk about all of the number of deals and partnerships that we have in the works. So over the course of the year, it will prove to be immaterial for this quarter, it was a big revenue gain.
Megan Alexander: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe if I could just stay down Monopoly Go! a bit. Again, it seems like minimum guarantee, you got 35 million. I think if I'm doing my math right, there's maybe 65 million implied in the back half. So a little bit of step down on a quarterly basis, but I think it's in line with the way you were thinking about it to start the year. So would be helpful if you could just talk about kind of what you're seeing -- what you saw over the quarter from a revenue perspective and Scopely it’s marketing investment and how you're thinking about the second half and whether that's changed at all?
Gina Goetter: Yes. Good question. Yes, let's level straight on the map. For the first half of the year we had $45 million of revenue book into our P&L. So 5 million was just the minimum guarantee that came into Q1. And then we had $40 million in Q2. So 35 million was that over delivery and then 5 was the minimum guarantee. What's modelled in our back half then is $60 million and see your point it is a step down from what we saw play through in Q2. So as we thought about our modelling in the back half we're thinking of the decay rate that monthly decay rate of call it 3% to 5% and consistent marketing is what I think I said in my prepared remarks, that consistent marketing can range anywhere from call it 25% up to 35%. And to your point of what we've seen Scopely do as we move through the first half is kind of within that range. Obviously, those two pieces the decay rate and the marketing are variables that we don't control. I mean we kind of understand where Scopely is headed with marketing, but ultimately it is their decisions in terms of how much they spend and at what end of that range. But for us we thought about the modelling, we know that Monopoly Go! is going to be a material contributor to our P&L this year and for many years to come. So as we thought about it, we just didn't really want to get out over our skis in terms of the forecast. I mean all of you are looking at the same data that we are almost at the same time. And so if you -- what we're watching the sensor tower data played through in the last couple of months, it was a little bit bumpy when it came to the decay rate. So we absolutely kind of took that into consideration as we were modelling at the back half of the year. So as we go, I mean, the thing that we'll remain committed on is being super transparent about the assumptions both around decay rate and marketing so that we can all stay in the same page of what we're expecting for this year and as we head into 2025.
Chris Cocks: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add Megan is the seasonality, we don't quite understand yet on the game. So if we're airing on the side of caution a little bit, it's because we don't quite get the seasonality yet. However, where I do think we have some bullishness is on the mid and long term for the game. When you look at games that reach this hyperscale like Monopoly Go! has and you look at just like the sensor tower data for North America and Europe, 10 of the 20 best performing games have been out for 5 or more years. So this is a game that's going to be a really strong and positive annuity for us for a long time to come. We're still learning a little bit quarter-to-quarter what the contribution will be.
Megan Alexander: That’s really helpful. Thanks so much.
Gina Goetter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Has anything changed in your outlook and thank you for the answers to the initial question that answered some of my questions? So I was just wondering, has anything changed in your outlook for MAGIC: THE GATHERING underlying business if we were to exclude, obviously, the digital aspect of puts and takes for the back half. In terms of today's guidance revision is there any change in the underlying outlook either towards better or slightly worse as it relates to the analog part of the business and then I have a follow-up.
Chris Cocks: No. I mean the analog part of the business is doing better than I think we would have expected. It was up around 5% for Wizards in the first half of the year. When you look at the toy category as a whole, it's really a MAGIC and LEGO that I think are outperforming and really kind of driving the over performance in the category Trading Card Games and Building Sets. And we don't see a reason for that to abate in the second half of the year. I think when we think about MAGIC, we think a little bit about what the release cadence looks like. It's going to be lighter this year than it was last year. And we look at the quality of the sets and we think those are very strong. If you just look at like pre-orders for Bloomboro on Amazon.com and look at like the new release charge the top performers, it's one of the best performing sets we've seen for MAGIC in several years. So we're pretty bullish on that. I think the second half is going to be lighter this year than it was last year just because of the release cadence, but I think you're going to see a nice uptick in 2025 with a really stacked line up that we have starting relatively early in the year with Final Fantasy and I think having a nice coda to that with our first Marvel release.
Arpine Kocharyan: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then Chris I had a bit of a bigger picture or rather a very long-term question related to the Nuance shift to kind of Hasbro being a games company that's making choice from toys and games company before. If you think about the success of Monopoly Go! and upside from that franchise that was primarily sort of due to lower customer acquisition costs to do the strength of that franchise that really essentially stand from a traditional toy. How does longer term kind of departure from traditional toys physician Hasbro to continue to win in digital? I'm not sure if my question makes sense, but it's a very sort of long-term big picture question?
Chris. Cocks: No, I think I get the crux of where you're going and Gina might want to open as well. When I talk about games, IT and toys being the core of Hasbro. What I really mean is that's what I think a healthy great modern toy company is ultimately going to become. So it's about skating to where the Puck is going as opposed to where the Puck has been. I think physical products kids will always be important, but when you look at what the megatrends are inside of the business of play, play is aging up. Play is going more international. It's going more digital, it's going more direct and partners are becoming more and more important to be able to extend brands into additional aisles whether that's the toy category or outside of the toy category and additional experiences. And I think our strategy is all in across each of those. We still have a bit of turnaround work to do in our core toy business. We've been losing some volume on that the last couple of several quarters, but I feel good about how we're getting our arms wrapped around that, particularly the cost side. I think you're going to see that core toy business start to get to growth in the later stages of the Q3 and more decisively in Q4 in 2025. But when I look at the cards that Hasbro have and look at where the megatrends are in terms of the business at play, I feel really good about how we're positioned and what the long-term prospects of the company is.
Arpine Kocharyan: Yes. Great. Thank you.
Gina Goetter: Just to build because I think that was an excellent setup. We all owe you a broader conversation about where we're headed and to come in the new year. We'll be an Investor Day, we'll sit down and talk through all of this because our strategy is shifting as you heard and it's following the growth trends, which follow the profit and the business models, too. So I mean you can see it play through in our results where we're headed is a much more profitable place as we're leaning into games and IP. And then all of the efforts that we're making on the toy turnaround. Our focus there is really on getting back to profitability and getting back to growing share in the categories with where we're competing as a I think we're -- our IP, our business and our brands are set up very well for where we're headed.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you both. Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan Chase & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks and good morning. So my first question is, can you talk about the headwind that the Transformers movie lab presented here in the second quarter and also the exited business headwind as we try to tease out what the underlying business trends in the consumer products business and then bridge that to your assumption for the inflection ahead in the third and fourth quarter and perhaps reconcile that back to what you're seeing on the POS side?
Chris Cocks: Sure, Chris. I'll give the English major answer and then you'll get the Kern answer from Gina following. Good morning, by the way. So second half -- second quarter of last year, we had quite a number of releases, both from our partners at Disney as well as the Transformers movie, Transformers POS was up something like 90% in Q2 of 2023. It's down a bit this year. It's down like 5% or 6% through the first of the year, which is remarkable because we haven't had a lot of content since that movie. So we see a surge in Transformers POS likely starting in the August, September time frame going into Q4 around the release of Transformers One every indication we have from early screenings and tracking is that, that movie is going to be a real sand favorite with some nice legs into families. We think it will sell a lot of toys as Transformers movies tend to have done. And then we like also the back half of the year in terms of new content that we have for a Beyblade, Deadpool & Wolverine is shaping up to be a nice big movie yet. I don't think we're going to be selling a lot of preschool product for that. But certainly, there's a nice collectors business associated with it. So when we think about Q3 and we think about growth, we see that entertainment window popping up in the September time frame and extending into Q4. And then a lot of the new resets that we did in Q2 for things like NERF and for things like Beyblade, you'll really start to see the impact of those in August and September as the Fed start to roll out past like some initial quantities in 100 or a couple of hundred stores to several thousand stores.
Gina Goetter: Got it. And now for the math answer, not the English one. Good answer. Good morning. So as we think specifically about what is happening within our shipments in the quarter, besides TRANSFORMERS, which absolutely was an impact, closeouts were down materially again. So we talked about closeouts in Q1, we were down about 50%. Q2, we were down 57%. So hurt shipments health margins, so that we're okay with that trade-off. And then the second piece that you asked about was the exited businesses. So that in the quarter represented about three to four points of the decline and that's going to carry with us into the back half of the year. So in aggregate, a whole year, I think about three to four points still coming from those divested businesses or exited businesses.
Christopher Horvers: So my good segue. So I'm trying to think about the underlying gross margin rate as the business as it currently looks today obviously, mix going forward in MAGIC and Digital Games could be added to this. But if we just simply back out the effect of the do step up, the $35 million, it looks like you're running a 73-ish kind of underlying gross margin rate and obviously, there's more cost savings to come. So can you maybe share any thoughts about where that is now and how that -- is that right and how that grows over time?
Gina Goetter: Yes. I think that's generally right. And as we continue to see that mix shift towards digital, that's going to be a big driver of the continued growth. As we think about the back half of the year and what's going to carry with us, we still have a fair amount of cost saves within our purchase expenses and our people cost savings. So all of the actions that we put in place at the end of last year that will continue to increase in terms of magnitude as we move through the back half of the year. And then as we move to '25 and '26, we're going to have all of the benefit of a refined mix plus a much, much healthier below-the-line cost structure.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. Thank you very much.
Gina Goetter: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum : Okay, thanks. Hey, guys, good morning. Maybe just sticking with margins. Can you remind us what the major margin headwinds are for the Wizards business in the second half? It looks like the implied margin is in the mid-30s range versus 48% for the first half. And I guess, more broadly speaking, why would you not be able to reach a 20% EBIT margin before 2027? What are the impediments to achieving that stated target earlier?
Gina Goetter: We were wondering who was going to ask that question. So Drew, you win the gold star. Okay. So for your question on the year to go on Wizards, it all comes down to Baldur's Gate. That's really the single biggest driver of what we're lapping. Just think about the revenue contribution last year, it was very, very centralized in Q3 -- and while Monopoly Go! is going to be a good contributor for us in the back half, it's not going to completely offset the impact from Baldur's Gate as modeled as within our guidance today. So that's what causes the drag on margin in the back half for Wizards.
Chris Cocks: And the latter MAGIC schedule.
Gina Goetter: Yes, yes. But the really big one is going to be that Baldur's Gate. In terms of what getting to the 20%, I mean, we have been striking distance of getting there this year. I know that you can all do the math and see that. There's really two things as we think about crossing that threshold. One is Monopoly Go! So if that does contribute more than that $105 million, that will take us over. The other thing is CP. So we still have a range in margin on the CP and the range on the revenue. We are able to finish on the better end of both of those ranges, that will also help to get us there. But we are making really good progress. At this point, I'm not going to commit to any more cost savings. I feel like we've got the right cost savings number, net cost savings number for the year, that 200 million to 250 million but if Monopoly Go! continues to be better than what we are modeling is in our guidance now and CP performs a bit better, yes, we could absolutely get there before 2027.
Drew Crum: Got it. Okay. Very helpful. And then maybe, Chris, a competitor earlier this week suggested toy sales outperformed during the first half and raised their market forecast for the year. Do you share that view? And if so, where do you see toy sales shaking out for the industry in '24?
Chris Cocks: Sure. Good morning. Two things. So yes, toy sales are doing better in the first half of the year. That's really driven by Building Sets and Trading Card Games. So I give a lot of credit to LEGO and MAGIC: THE GATHERING, frankly, for really understanding their consumers and driving upside with what I think is the fastest-growing segment inside of the business of play, which is consumers 13 plus and really 18 plus when you think about MAGIC and what LEGO's been doing. When you look at the balance of the industry, it's roughly performing what I think us and a lot of the industry prognosticators and our peers in the industry thought. And we see that roughly carrying into the back half. So when we think about our guidance for toys, call it, down high single digits when you kind of take the median of what we're seeing. We're factoring in both the exited businesses what we think will be a toy industry, which will be down kind of in that mid-single digit range, but starting to hopefully improve a bit in the back half and the category tailwinds we saw in building blocks and TPG, potentially growing a bit for more categories. A lot of our guidance, though isn't really based on the industry. It's based on our execution and the retailer support we have.
Drew Crum: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Perry with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Perry: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and Congrats on a great quarter here. I wanted to drill down a little bit more on the MAGIC business. Can you just talk about the performance of Modern Horizons 3 and how big of a contribution that could be versus Lord of the Rings given you said that it's the fastest selling set of all times so far, which would imply that it's sort of off to a quicker start than Lord of the Rings. And then maybe just remind us of the contribution of Lord of the Rings and sort of how you think Modern Horizons 3 could stack up against that?
Chris Cocks: Yes, sure. So Modern Horizon did get off the gates really fast, a lot of collector heavy sets like formats like Modern Horizons appeals to do and we think it will have a very, very long tail. When you look at Modern Horizons 2, we were continuing to sell cards for that 30 months into its run. So we expect Modern Horizons 3 to, if not be our best-selling set of all time, which is currently held by Lord of the Rings to certainly be a contender for it. I think the difference with it is going to be the timeline. Lord of the Rings had a major set release in June and then kind of a minor photo to it in December, which allowed it to hit 200 million really fast. Modern Horizons 3 has a big set release and then a bunch of reprints, which will span out over a couple of years. So I don't think we're going to get the same bump that we did from Lord of the Rings in Q4 from Modern Horizons like we did last year. But I think we'll have a nice fatter tail going into 2025 and potentially 2026 from a product like that.
Gina Goetter: Yes. Alex, my only add, as you look at the quarter, specifically within the quarter, Modern Horizons 3 actually outperformed Lord of the Rings. But to Chris' point, as you look over the full year because we won't have that holiday set, that's where kind of the overall lodge will be a little bit short.
Alex Perry: Incredibly helpful. Thanks for your clarity there. And then just digging in on consumer products, I just wanted to ask sort of what signs of green shoots are most encouraging in consumer products? I guess, what toys and properties are you most excited for in the back half? And can you give us any early reads on Beyblade specifically sort of any channel commentary you're getting there?
Chris Cocks: Well, I think you're still my top green shoot with just mentioning Beyblade. Beyblade is performing well in some early out in select markets. It's probably the best performing Beyblade release we've ever had in the U.K. It usually does really well in France. And again, it's doing well in France. And in the select spots that it's available in the U.S. It's selling out very quickly. Our belief is Beyblade will be one of the top new toys or refresh toys of 2024 and could actually clean the top spot very similar to what we did with Furby last year. Furby continues to do well. We like how Furblets are really driving the right price point and extending that franchise. We've seen a lot of nice momentum with Peppa Pig. I think after a couple of years of owning that franchise, not only are we hitting the right notes on the entertainment, but we're starting to hit the right notes on the toys, particularly the price points and kind of the wow moments that we have Transformers, I think, is shaping up to be a really nice Q3 in Q4 with Transformers One. And then D&D, I also really like -- I think you just asked maybe about consumer products, but I'm going to talk about the whole portfolio. The D&D refresh to the core rules of fifth edition is going out the gate strong. Pre-orders are breaking any records that we have, it's exceeding our forecast. Now that will help a bit in Q3 and Q4 when some of the products released, but some of those products don't release until Q1 and Q2 of next year. So again, I think we have a nice kind of healthy midterm projection on the businesses as well.
Gina Goetter: And Alex, the one I have not brand in product-related per se, but it is a positive that we continue to trend well in inventory, both our own inventory as well as retail inventory. So retail inventory was, I think, down again about 18%, 20% within the quarter. So we're sitting at super healthy levels as we head into the holidays.
Alex Perry: Perfect. That's really helpful. Best of luck going forward.
Gina Goetter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
FredWightman: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just to stick on the Consumer Products business. I know in the past, you sort of hinted that, that could reach the 10% or double-digit target that you've talked about in 4Q. I'm wondering if you could just give us an update on how realistic that is and maybe what the biggest swing factor is? Is it really POS? Is it a matter of maybe cost saves hitting soon? What sort of gets you there or potentially gets you there?
Gina Goetter: In Q4 specifically, Fred, is that your question?
FredWightman: Yes, for 4Q this year.
Gina Goetter: Yes. No, we do anticipate it getting to that 10% level in Q4. It really comes down to the leverage in the volume. So right, as we've talked about, that's been the single biggest drag on the margin as we move through the front half of the year. So as you put all the revenue in Q3, Q4, both of those quarters tend to be at that 10%, 11% mark, and that's what we're planning for. I think our goal is to have that 10%, 11%, not just be in the back half of the year, but we're working towards having that be for the entire year, which would then say that the front half of the year is around that 10%, 11% or maybe a little less and then in the back half of the year is in the low teens, leveraging or kind of moving with revenue. So all of the work that we're doing this year to get that profitability right, all of the work we're doing on pricing and on mix and then getting the product design in the right way. All of that will contribute as we move into '25 and '26 getting the entire year for CP to have two digits.
FredWightman: Makes sense. And then given the momentum in digital, given the momentum with some of the lower cost price points you've talked about in Consumer Products, can you just give us an update on how you view some of the bigger licenses in the consumer space being a part of the Hasbro story going forward? Do you think that you still need to have some of these master licenses? Do you feel like there's enough that you can sort of do outside of those bigger tent poles to get the consumer products business where you need it to be?
Chris Cocks: Absolutely. We've been in business with Takara Tomy, who's the licensor for Beyblade for decades. They're super important for us. And we've been in business with the Walt Disney Company since 1954. And if anything, I think you're going to see us doubling down on our partnership with them and expanding where it could go, whether it's toys, games, or trading cards and role play, they're going to be a big part of our story for years to come.
FredWightman: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And this also concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kern Kapoor, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Kern Kapoor: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro's Chief Executive Officer; and Gina Goetter, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Gina providing commentary on the company's performance. Then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. 
 There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. 
 We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris? 
Chris Cocks: Thanks Kern and good morning. For the past several quarters, you've heard us reaffirm Hasbro's strategy to refocus on play with our fewer, bigger, better principles. In our Q1 results, we're seeing Hasbro's strategy come to life. We are applying a franchise-first mindset. We're realizing our brands' potential through licensing with success across digital and consumer products. And we're continuing to invest in innovation across toys and games, appealing to consumers of all ages across play patterns. We began 2024 with a healthier balance sheet, a leaner cost structure and an improved inventory position. 
 In Q1, we saw tangible progress on our turnaround. Our revenue landed as expected, and our margins outperformed. While most of the year remains ahead of us, I'm glad to see the business is on a solid track. It gives me confidence Hasbro's pointed towards sustainable, long-term growth backed by industry-leading innovation across games, toys and partner-led entertainment. Digging into the quarter, there were several highlights. Let's start with licensing. 
 MONOPOLY GO! from our partners at Scopely has crossed over $2 billion in lifetime revenue and 150 million downloads, breaking records as the fastest-growing mobile game ever. Baldur's Gate 3 from our partners at Larian Studios, continued its momentum from last year with even more recognition. It's now the only game to ever win all 5 prestigious Game of the Year awards. While the success of Baldur's Gate 3 is in a league of its own, we see a long-term opportunity to leverage the richness of D&D across more games. 
 In Q1, we signed new licensing agreements with resolution games best known for the VR game Demeo as well as Gameloft, makers of Disney Dreamlight Valley, both to build within the D&D universe. And to celebrate D&D's 50th anniversary, we executed new partnerships with LEGO, Converse and BlackMilk Apparel. Dungeons & Dragons Red Dragon's Tail is a 3,700 piece fan favorite that combines the building fun of LEGO and the Rich World building of D&D. I can't wait to build my own. Our success in licensing extends to our toy brands. We saw positive early results in Q1 from LITTLEST PET SHOP, now manufactured and distributed by Basic Fun. And just this week, we announced a strategic relationship with Playmates to produce and distribute Power Rangers toys starting in 2025. 
 These are high-profit partnerships that leverage great partners with iconic brands from our extensive IP vault. Our new asset-light entertainment model is already paying dividends. We look forward to bringing the Star setted animated zone TRANSFORMERS 1 to theaters this September with our partners at Paramount. In Q1, we announced deals with Lionsgate and Margot Robbie's production company, LuckyChap, to produce a live-action MONOPOLY movie as well as with the CW to create game shows around Trivial Pursuits and Scrabble. And of course, I can't wait to see what Sony has in store for us, with the just announced film and TV projects for CLUE. The movie was a favorite of mine in the 1980s. 
 And our success in asset-light partner-based entertainment extends well beyond the screen. We now 115 Hasbro branded partner-led properties, bringing in over 55 million visitors last year alone. We see those figures increasing significantly over the next couple of years as our partners bring our brands to life through thrilling experiences and attractions and billions of dollars of third-party capital investments. With quality executions like Hasbro city in Mexico, which we've just awarded the best family entertainment center in the world by the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions. 
 Reinvigorating our innovation and driving operational rigor underpins our turnaround. In games, we continue to make changes within our board games portfolio, opening the door for share gains in growth categories like party, strategy and card games. In Q1, we launched Life in Reterra, a tile laying strategy game from acclaimed designer, Eric Lang; and Fork Milk Kidnap, a fun new adult party game. We also are doubling down in where we are the clear leader. In February, we launched the second edition of Monopoly Prizm: NBA board game at the NBA All-Star weekend, and it helped make Monopoly the #2 growth property in the games category in the U.S. for the quarter. We expect to see more crossover opportunities for the brand and sports in the future.
 MAGIC: THE GATHERING saw a healthy growth in Q1, driven by timing of sales for our latest release Outlaws of Thunder Junction and strong demand for Fallout Commander. Q2 is an important quarter for MAGIC, with the releases of both Outlaws and Modern Horizons 3, what we expect to be our biggest set of the year. While we expect MAGIC to be down for the year after a record 2023, we maintain our long-term bullishness on the brand based on the continued robust fan engagement and a killer lineup of new universes beyond collaborations, including upcoming sets in 2025 for Final Fantasy and Marvel. And stay tuned for more exciting innovation from our D&D team as we continue to scale D&D Beyond and expand the richness of table top gameplay to digital. We expect to connect to an even wider audience while delighting our existing fans as D&D celebrates its 50th anniversary.
 Finally, let's turn to toys, where our turnaround efforts are well underway. We began Q1 with inventories at multiyear lows, down over 50% from the prior year. As a result of our cleanup efforts, we saw a significant reduction in closeout volume in Q1. Thanks to our operational discipline and careful SKU management. We're in a good position with our large retail partners as we work towards new product innovation, including Beyblade, Nerf and refresh lineup for BABY ALIVE. We also are seeing solid progress in revamping our approach to marketing, significantly shifting our mix to digital, driving stronger-than-ever partnerships with our e-commerce and multichannel partners like our just completed Birthday Shop execution with Walmart, and are seeing improved return on advertising spend as a result.
 We continue to see momentum with FURBY, one of last year's top new toys, including our latest best seller, Furblets. According to [ Serkan ], these fuzzy Lil Friends were the top-selling item in the special feature plush category in the U.S. And earlier this week, we announced glow in the dark Furby Galaxy coming this summer. We've also seen encouraging POS trends from Transformers as we celebrate the brand's 40th anniversary. While we're lapping last year's successful film Transformers: Rise of the Beasts in Q2, we look forward to sales rebounding in the back half as we gear up for Transformers 1.
 Last but not least, our retail and licensing partnerships are among our most important. Last month in New York City, Hasbro and Amazon collaborated with The Walt Disney Company to create a Star Wars experience at their first ever March to May 4 event. Through an immersive retail experience in the main floor of the Empire State Building, fans were able to take photos with costume characters, including Darth Vader and checkout Hasbro's latest Black Series helmets and Kyber Core lightsabers collectibles.
 Before I wrap up, I want to highlight the recent changes to our Board of Directors, bringing in new members with extensive games and retail operations experience. I'd like to welcome Darin, Frank and Owen to the board. I also want to thank Tracy, Linda and Michael, who will be retiring from the Board following our shareholder meeting next month. I'm grateful for their support and guidance over the past few years. And lastly, I want to honor Alan Hassenfeld, who will be stepping away from his role as Emeritus Chairman. Alan has been and always will be a prominent architect of Hasbro's legacy, and he will continue to be engaged with Hasbro in guiding the company's philanthropic efforts providing development and relief for children around the world. 
 To recap, it was a good quarter. We landed revenue where we expected with wins across digital licensing, board games and continued momentum for FURBY. We continue to sharpen our execution, staying within our guardrails and inventory and delivering meaningful cost productivity across the P&L. While it's still early, our turnaround efforts in consumer products are going well, and we look forward to monitoring our progress over the next couple of quarters. I'd now like to turn over the call to Gina to share more about our detailed results and guidance for the year. Gina? 
Gina Goetter: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In February, I outlined our strategy to build on the foundation we put in place last year after resetting the business and the necessary steps we're taking to reinvigorate innovation across the portfolio while continuing to drive operational rigor. I am pleased with how we executed in the first quarter with our strength in digital licensing and MAGIC contributing to a more profitable business mix while our turnaround efforts in toys started to take shape. We continue to deliver supply chain productivity ahead of inflation, and we made meaningful progress on reducing operating expense.
 We see more room to drive our cost footprint lower as we further refine our supply chain and optimize product design across each brand. We have already identified significant savings through this design-to-value strategy with our teams leveraging customer insights and competitive analysis to inform our actions. Looking at our toy turnaround in more detail. While Q1 represents the smallest contributor to full year sales, we maintained our controlled stance on inventories after the cleanup efforts last year. We ended Q1 with inventories at healthy levels, down over 50% from a year ago and roughly flat to where we ended in 2023. Our number of days in inventory were at multiyear lows for Q1 and at around 66 days.
 And while we expect to see our inventory days increase over the next couple of quarters in line with normal business seasonality, we are still planning for total owned inventory levels to finish the year relatively flat versus 2023. Our much improved inventory position led to over 50% reduction in closeout sales in the quarter. And although this negatively impacted our Consumer Products segment revenue growth, we did realize a margin benefit from the improved sales rate, and we expect this trend to continue as we move through Q2.
 While improving the profitability of toys and delivering our cost savings target are 2 of the company's top priorities, I want to emphasize that we are concurrently staying vigilant around what investment opportunities require incremental spend to drive the most profitable revenue across the portfolio. Through greater analytics, we are already seeing an improvement in our marketing efficacy, and this is an area we will lean into as we ramp our innovation across toys and games and prepare for a stronger holiday season. Moving now to our Q1 financial results.
 Total Hasbro revenue was $757 million, down 24% versus Q1 of last year. If you exclude the impact of the eOne divestiture, total revenue was down 9% versus a year ago. Growth of 7% in our Wizards of the Coast segment, led by MAGIC and licensed digital games and 65% growth in entertainment, driven by a renewal deal for Peppa Pig, was more than offset by the 21% decline in consumer products, driven primarily by category declines and reduced volume moving through closeout. Q1 adjusted operating profit was $149 million, with an operating margin of 19.6%, up about 15.0 points year-over-year. This improvement was largely driven by a reduction in costs stemming from our operational excellence program as well as supply chain productivity gains and favorable business mix including the eOne divestiture. In aggregate, we were able to deliver significant margin improvement despite ongoing volume deleverage across our toys business.
 Total Hasbro Q1 adjusted net earnings were $85 million, with diluted earnings per share of $0.61, driven by the improvement in operating profit as well as favorability from a stock compensation adjustment and net interest expense reduction. Operating cash flow was $178 million, an $89 million improvement over the same period last year, driven by the increase in net earnings as well as reduced production expense in connection with our sale of eOne. We gave back $97 million to shareholders through the dividend and ended the period with $570 million of cash in our balance sheet. Now let's look at our 2 major segments in more detail.
 Starting with Wizards of the Coast in digital gaming, revenue grew 7% behind ongoing digital licensing contributions from Baldur's Gate 3 and MONOPOLY GO!, which as a reminder, neither recorded revenue in Q1 of last year. We also saw growth in Magic tabletop revenue, benefiting from shipments for our latest set release Outlaws of Thunder Junction, which arrived in stores last week as well as a strong reception to our Fallout Commander set. Operating margin for the segment finished at 38.8%, up 13 points year-on-year, driven by supply chain productivity, cost savings and improved business mix, given the growth in digital licensing. Turning to Consumer Products.
 The total revenue decline of 21% was mostly driven by broader market softness across our key brands exacerbated by a reduction in closeout volume following our inventory cleanup efforts in Q4. We also saw some modest impact from our exited brands as well as a timing-related headwinds within our direct-to-consumer platform, Pulse, which is lapping a strong product offering in Q1 of last year. The volume decline was in line with our expectations and resulted in an improvement in our gross to net sales rate, reflecting a more disciplined stance around discounting, which we expect will continue to benefit the CP segment profitability as volumes recover.
 As Chris mentioned, we saw some bright spots with the recent launch of Furblets as well as with PLAY-DOH and Hasbro Gaming. And conversely, we had continued softness in the blaster category, which negatively impacted NERF as well as action figures due to the light entertainment slates and lapping last year's successful launch of Transformers: Rise of the Beasts. Operating margin for Consumer Products came in at negative 9.2%, which is down roughly 2 margin points compared to last year. As expected, we saw a material impact from deleverage associated with the volume decline which was partially offset with supply chain productivity gains, managed expense savings and improved gross to net selling rate due to lower closeout volume. It's important to note that the CP gross margins grew by over 5 margin points demonstrating the improvement in the underlying profitability of the business despite the negative impact from deleverage. Turning to guidance for 2024.
 While we are pleased with our Q1 progress, we recognize that the quarter represents a small portion of our full year sell-through for toys, and we want to monitor throughout Q2, our progress in wizards, particularly in digital licensing and Magic before potentially revising our outlook for the full year. So at this time, we are reaffirming our initial guidance and as a reminder, this calls for total Wizards revenue to be down 3% to 5%. The decline is primarily a result of the strong growth delivered in 2023. Within Wizards, we continue to plan for licensed digital games to be relatively flat versus last year, with contributions from Baldur's Gate 3 tapering down as we move through the year. For MONOPOLY GO!, we are still planning to record the contract minimum guarantee through the first half of the year, and we'll continue to watch the data closely as we move through the second quarter.
 If the current trends continue, there could be the ability to book above the minimum guarantees sooner than the second half, but at this time, we are holding our initial guidance. Wizards operating margin will be between 38% and 40%, up 2 points from last year, driven by the favorable mix shift within digital, lower royalty rates across Magic and strong cost management, both in supply chain as well as within operating expenses. For Consumer Products, revenue will be down at 7% to 12%, and operating profit margin will be between 4% and 6%. As a reminder, about half of the revenue decline is due to actions we've taken to improve profitability, and the other half is due to prevailing category turns. We continue to expect a similar revenue decline in Q2 as we saw in Q1 with the pace of decline moderating in Q3 and flipping to growth in Q4 behind sharper innovation and marketing effectiveness as well as healthy retail inventory levels heading into the holidays. However, we expect to see profitability improving as we move through the year as we build volume ahead of the holidays, and we realize more of our net cost savings.
 For entertainment, adjusting for the impact of the eOne divestiture revenue will be down approximately $15 million versus last year, and operating margin will be roughly 60%, up significantly driven by operating expense reductions as well as lapping the impact of the D&D movie impairment in 2023. We remain firmly on track towards our target of $750 million of gross cost savings by 2025. And given the results in Q1, we are on pace to deliver $200 million to $250 million of net cost savings in 2024. We continue to expect total Hasbro EBITDA in the range of $925 million to $1 billion, driven by our cost savings and the lap of nonrecurring inventory cleanup charges taken last year which will more than offset the revenue decline and cost inflation. Lending cash will be slightly down versus 2023, driven by relatively flat owned inventory levels, increased capital project spending and additional costs associated with the restructuring actions announced in December. And from a capital allocation standpoint, our priorities remain to first invest behind the core business. Second is to return cash to shareholders via the dividend, and third, to continue progressing towards our long-term leverage targets and pay down debt.
 And with that, I'll turn it back to Chris to wrap up. 
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Gina. We're pleased with our first quarter performance. We're doing what we said we would do, driving a shift in games and licensing, fixing our toy business and lowering our costs. It's still early, and we have lots of 2024 to go, but I think it's fair to say this was a good start to the year. We'll now pause to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with ROTH MKM. 
Eric Handler: First, Gina, I wonder if you could maybe help refine the guidance a little bit in providing what the numbers you provided equates to on an EPS basis. And then given the sizable beat you had relative to consensus expectations, while maintaining guidance, where do you think Street expectations are maybe overestimating in their model in future quarters. 
Gina Goetter: So we are not -- we don't give EPS guidance specifically. We've been through the models. I would say analysts are coming up pretty close to kind of our internal math. I think the one thing to keep in mind for the quarter that just finished here is that we had about $0.10 of favorability from a stock adjustment -- stock compensation adjustment that will carry forward through into the year -- into your model. But we're not getting specific EPS guidance at this point. 
Eric Handler: Okay. And certainly for Chris, it's been a while since you guys have talked about MAGIC Arena. Wonder if you could give us a little bit of an update there? It seems to be sort of lagging the tabletop segment. Just what are you doing to sort of maybe broaden the appeal of Arena? 
Chris Cocks: Eric, thanks for the question. Yes. So Arena was down a bit in Q1. Mostly that was due to not lapping a remastered set that we did last year for Shadows Over Innistrad. Barring that, it would have been roughly in line with the overall property, which was up about 4% on tabletop. So we continue to invest in Arena. We continue to mimic all the card sets that are inside of it. And we're also investing over the long term to refresh the platform. So you'll be hearing more about that over the coming couple of years because it's going to be a long-term digital project. But when you look at MAGIC and where our growth has been, a lot of that growth has been in social-based play like Commander and in collectibility. So certainly, we'll be investing in those areas on the digital platform over the long term. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Megan Alexander with Morgan Stanley. 
Megan Christine Alexander: One is -- kind of a 2-part question. You just did almost a 20% operating margin in what's typically your smallest quarter of the year from a sales perspective. In the slides, you did reiterate that 20% full year target by 2027. So I guess first question, why wouldn't you be able to get to that 20% number this year, if not higher than that? And maybe second part, was there something in that 1Q operating profit performance that won't repeat. The corporate segment, in particular, did stand out to us. Maybe you can just clarify what's in there and how we should kind of think about the run rate of that segment going forward? 
Gina Goetter: Sure. Megan, good question. So as we -- let's start with the corporate segment. So there was $45 million of profit that we posted in there. About half of that is that non-stock comp adjustment that we made. And so that is roughly half of that $45 million, and it will not repeat. So when you think about our margin profile in the quarter, about 2.5 points of kind of our margin performance came from that adjustment, that's not going to carry forward as we go. As we think about the balance of the year, there's going to be puts and takes within the margin. So in Q2, we're going to still have that deleverage happening with toy in Q3, though, remember, there's the impact last year that we had in all of the digital with Baldur's Gate, Lord of the Rings, there was a lot of favorability coming into Q3 last year that we begin the comp.
 But there's no doubt that our margin performance at the start of the year is really healthy. I mean our supply chain performance, I mean, we are killing it within supply chain. I think our team is really out to make our supply chain the most cost competitive best-in-class supply chain. And we've seen an acceleration in the benefits within that area that if that keeps continuing, yes, there's some good momentum that could carry us forward to the end of the year and get us closer to that 20% sooner rather than later. But there's a lot of things that need to play out as we go through the year before we commit to that. 
Megan Christine Alexander: Understood. That's super helpful. And then maybe just on the Consumer Products top line. I think you said POS for the industry was down. I was wondering if you could talk about Hasbro POS. And then I think you also said related to that 2Q decline similar to 1Q. I think the closeouts are typically more of a 1Q phenomenon than 2Q. So maybe can you just unpack in terms of the dynamics between the closeouts and POS, how we should think about that 2Q being down 20% again? 
Chris Cocks: Well, I think when you look at Q1, January and February and our results were pretty heavily impacted based on 2 factors: one, the reduction in closeouts; and two, not lapping a couple releases that we had with Pulse in the prior year. We had some fairly large ones. That -- those 2 factors kind of contributed to that underperformance in February and January. Starting in March, though, we saw very healthy trends on our point of sale and our Easter trends normalizing for the dates were also quite healthy. And so far into April, we're seeing those positive point-of-sale trends continue.
 Now I think the thing that gives us a little bit of pause that we're monitoring in Q2, is just a relatively light slate of entertainment. Last year, we had the D&D movie and Transformers: Rise of the Beasts, which both were pretty positive contributors to the quarter. Also, our partners at Disney had just an amazing slate of content both in streaming and in theaters. That's not going to be lapped as completely. So we're taking a little bit of a cautious tone and wanting to monitor our performance. I think the thing that helps to negate may be the impact of the entertainment-related headwinds is our marketing effectiveness. We're seeing a significant improvement in our overall return on advertising spend. We've retooled our marketing team. And so that tailwind we have to look at and monitor. And we'll get back to you guys at the end of Q2, on a potential revision to guidance if we continue to see positive trends play out. 
Gina Goetter: And then the only other added, I mean, on your closeout comment. So, you're right, it's typically heavy in Q1. But given what we were going through last year and trying to clear out all of the inventory, it was a factor in all 4 of our quarters. And so that is -- that will be the huge reduction that we took in inventory last year, the fact that we don't have that overhang that will be a positive contributor every quarter that we go. We'll continue to see that close up volume being down. So I should say a positive contributor on the margin side and negative contributor on the revenue side in every quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: So Gina, just going back to Consumer Products, you discussed improved underlying performance and benefits from operational excellence, but you still saw adjusted OI down and some margin compression. If the volume decline headwind is moderating as you progress through the year, when should we start to see positive bottom line comps for that business? 
Gina Goetter: Yes. Drew, good question. If you think about our -- how we've kind of talked about our top line flow for CP, so we'll be down similarly in Q2. And we start to rebound in Q3 and we're back to growth in Q4. So I would expect our margin to follow suit. So I think we're still going to see that same kind of material [ delev ] headwind in Q2. It starts to stabilize in Q3 and then our margins. I mean, our margins are growing absent even the huge comp that we have on inventory, but then that kind of onetime margin pickup that we have will further expand our margins in Q4. So it's going to kind of follow with the top line. 
Andrew Crum: Got it. Okay. And then Chris, you had some comments on the Universe Beyond sets. Can you address the performance of Fallout Commander? I know it's still early, but has that changed your view on Magic revenue for the year? Does it have any impact on segment margin? And then just wanted to get a sense as to how you're sizing up or thinking about Final Fantasy and Marvel sets next year, how those compare to Lord of the Rings. 
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I would say Fallout has been a great set. I'm a little bit of a fan boy, so I'll try not to playing it a little bit too much. I've been playing it since the '90s. But it's probably our best-performing commander set ever, whether it's a Universes Beyond set or not. However, commander sets tend to be quite a bit smaller than our overall premier sets. So you have to wait that accordingly. I would say our view on MAGIC is pretty healthy. Engagement is -- has reached pre-pandemic levels. Our stores are all healthy. Fallout doing well. Outlaws of Thunder Junction, which is our first major release of Q2, it's early, but it's off to a promising start.
 So I think our caution and MAGIC is just Q2 is a big quarter. We've got Modern Horizons at the end of the quarter, and we want to monitor how those do. But I think signs are pointing in the right direction for us. In terms of the long-term view on Universes Beyond, man, I think Final Fantasy and Marvel are going to be pretty significant sets I would put them in the same league at least as what we saw with Lord of the Rings. Marvel is just a huge IP. We're going to be doing multiple sets with The Walt Disney Company on that, which we're pretty excited. And then Final Fantasy, it's huge inside of North America and Europe. But our sales in Japan will probably to work what we did with Lord of the Rings because of the resonance that it has in that market, which you should remember is the #2 market for Magic and the #2 market overall for trading card games. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. 
Arpine Kocharyan: Just to clarify on POS, you mentioned down for the quarter. Have your expectations changed at all regarding full year industry retail trends? And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Chris Cocks: Yes. I mean, Q1 for the industry is usually around 14% to 15%. So it's still in terms of the total volume that Q1 represents. So I think it was a positive quarter. Certainly, we saw momentum exiting the quarter that's been continuing into Q2. But it's just super early. And the toy industry has been a difficult one to predict for the last 18 months or so. So we're going to continue to monitor it this quarter, particularly in light of the relative pause in entertainment that helps to drive toy sales. And that said, I think it was a good start to the year for us and for the industry as a whole. And my hope is it continues. 
Arpine Kocharyan: And then margin is clearly the highlight for your results today, and I think it's going to be the same for the year as well. Could you maybe talk about cadence for margins for the rest of the year. I mean Q2, we'll obviously have strong Wizard, I think, so that helps flow through and you have closeout sales sort of easing or the impact of that easing. What are other big inputs you would highlight for Q2 and as we think about the back half as far as margins go? 
Chris Cocks: Yes, I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Gina. So I'll maybe do a little bit of thematics and then turn it over to Gina to go into the details of your question, our P&A. I think what you're seeing in Q1 is kind of our overall strategic thesis playing out, which I think will play out knock on wood through the rest of the year and for the foreseeable future. And I think that is that Hasbro is the games, IP and toy company effectively in that order. And I think our margins will start to shape around those style of industries, style of TAMs and growth opportunities. And so what you're seeing in Q1 is, wow, when you have a healthy games business, when some have some -- when you have great IP like we have and great partners that you can leverage it through and you start to get your act together on your cost structure and your operational efficiency in your underlying toy business and start to address kind of some of the marketing deficiencies you have, good things happen. 
Gina Goetter: And when you kind of [ lateral ] that up with how it will play out by quarter. So if you kind of look at the pieces in Q1, that mix and that as we continue to shift into gaming and into digital is going to continue to be a tailwind for us as we move through the balance of the year. The fact that supply chain productivity is going to more than offset inflation. That trend is going to continue as we move throughout the year. And then operating expenses and all of the work that we're doing on purchase cost reduction, people cost reduction that, that benefit will continue to impact us as we move throughout the year. So the one quarter that we'll just have to watch is Q3 because of how strong it was in Q3 of '23. So it's still going to be a very healthy margin, but there was just so much positivity last year at that time that there could be a slight dip year-over-year, but all of the underpinnings of the cost structure that is going to hold and carry with us for the year. 
Chris Cocks: Q3 is going to be have the big Baldur's Gate 3 launch time. 
Gina Goetter: Correct. And the MONOPOLY GO! started to hit -- the minimum guarantee started to hit for MONOPOLY GO!. 
Arpine Kocharyan: Right. And that's a great segue to my for the last question. Sorry, for 3 questions. You just talked about digital coming in flat. And I think that's unchanged versus what you said last time. Everything we've been able to track on this shows that there could be upside to that given how strong MONOPOLY GO! has been, why not raise that guidance today? And could you talk about sort of your visibility on that because it's clearly -- at least seasonally, it's not a toy business, right? It's sort of digital games where you probably have a little bit more to say in terms of visibility. 
Gina Goetter: Yes. I mean the short answer is it's just really too early in the year to call it out. But to your point, the trends are favorable if they continue to play out in the way that everyone is watching and some of the other variables that are out of our control kind of break our way and become positive contributors. We absolutely did see that there could be upside. We just want to watch and play out here as we move through Q2 before we officially take guidance up for it. 
Chris Cocks: The challenge within our P&A is it's really a comp one. And so we just need more time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So I just want to follow-up on the corporate line item. It was $45 million. You said roughly half of it was stock comp and that benefit does not sustain. What's the other half of that? And does that piece of it continue. Yes. 
Gina Goetter: Yes. It's a material amount of money. Yes, the other half is all due to the operational excellence program. And I would think of it as a timing element of where it sits. So it's real money. It's purchase cost savings, it's people cost savings. And sometimes within the quarters in the year, it just settles out in corporate. As we move through the balance of the year, that's going to be allocated back. That favorability will be allocated back to the 2 segments of CP and Wizard. So that will kind of flush its way through. It's just a timing element of where it sat at the end of Q1. Last year, in the corporate P&L, I believe it was roughly $20 million annually of operating profit. I would expect maybe a little bit more just given that stock comp adjustment, but that's how you should think about Q1. Half of it was the stock comp, half of it was just some timing stuff that will get flushed back through the segments. 
Christopher Horvers: And did you say that the nonrepeating portion was $0.10? Or is that half because if you do have, it's a bigger number than $0.10. 
Gina Goetter: No, it's about $0.10 of earnings per share. Yes, it was right about that. 
Chris Cocks: About half 45%, which translates to around $0.10 a share. 
Christopher Horvers: Okay. Okay. I got it. And I guess to try to build on that last question. I guess if you -- like if MONOPOLY GO! does continue at the current pacing, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you're looking at like maybe $50 million to $70 million in the back half from MONOPOLY GO!, sort of any comments on what it could be if what you see today continues? Could it be 2x that? 
Chris Cocks: I don't think we're prepared to give you a sizing on it. As Gina said, if current revenue trends and the current advertising spend to revenue continues it will be quite favorable for us. And we'd likely exceed the minimum guarantee within Q2. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Laszczyk with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Laszczyk: Maybe just a follow-up on the marketing strategy, Chris, you talked about some success that you're seeing in the first quarter. Perhaps you can talk a little bit more about what you're doing differently? And then if that success does continue, how should we thinking about the upside drivers throughout the year? Do you think it's more of a top line growth driver or perhaps something on the cost side? 
Chris Cocks: Well, I think it's a pretty simple rubric that we're using, which is spend where we can measure, which is primarily digital. We have traditionally been a little traditional in our media planning. It's worked, but we haven't been able to really refine it down to the SKU level and down to the partner level. So we're spending a lot more in digital. We're spending a lot more with our retail partners near the point of sale or near the point of decision. And we're seeing a significant multiple effect in terms of the effectiveness of the spend. Still early in the year, and we still have to scale it, but certainly positive for us. I would say the majority of that will go to top line inside of CP if it continues to work like what we're hoping. And I think that's part of the thesis that we have for our Q3 and Q4 projections. And then that top line, particularly given the cost structure efficiencies we're driving and supply chain efficiencies we're driving, that will have a nice flow through to bottom line results, which again, I think kind of goes to the margin comment that Gina made earlier. 
Stephen Laszczyk: Got it. And then maybe one more, just on freight. Gina. Can you update us on what you're seeing in the freight market at the moment, just given the disruptions in the Middle East? And perhaps how we should monitor that from our side as you think about any margin pressure that could come in 2024, 2025. 
Gina Goetter: Yes. Good question. For us, every kind of the whole the Red Sea, all of that is really been immaterial on our business. I think in the P&L in Q1, it was less than a couple of hundred thousand dollars of impact and even since then, our team has been doing a good job of navigating around and finding productivity to offset. So it is not a factor that I would call out as impacting our business right now. Overall, what we're seeing across freight is some moderation capacity is opening up. We're seeing rates come down. So that is absolutely benefiting the P&L part of our guidance. We said that there was going to be 2 points of inflation in the year. So it's playing within that but the environment is much more rational for us this year. And our team has done a really nice job renegotiating rates, renegotiating our contracts and then getting after our network in a way that benefits the P&L. 
Chris Cocks: Yes. And I think an important thing to keep in mind about us, when you think about things like the Red Sea and exposure, maybe toy dominant companies would have is most of our profit pools are nearshore. Magic Board Games, PLAY-DOH almost all of our licensing business has very little sea freight dependencies associated with it. because they're either made in market or they're made in markets that really aren't affected by kind of like a traditional Southeast Asian or Chinese freight lanes. So I think that's a competitive advantage of us -- for us in a world that has a little bit of tumult on the freight lanes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Perry with Bank of America. 
Alexander Perry: You gave really good color on sort of the 2Q expectations for the CP segment and op margin. But could we get sort of how you're thinking about Wizards in 2Q from a revenue and op margin perspective? 
Gina Goetter: For Wizards in Q2 is going to be probably pretty favorable from a top line standpoint and a bottom line, so it's going to look pretty consistent, just given the release schedule that we have on the top line. So we expect there to be another kind of growing quarter. And then on the bottom line, again, just given the mix that we're seeing within the business and the shift towards digital, we'll see consistent trends there. I would say, for both businesses, for both CP and WotC, we've got the benefit from operating expenses that will continue to flow in as well throughout the quarter. 
Chris Cocks: And then there should be a nice royalty benefit in Q2 as well for MAGIC, Modern Horizons 3 is not royalty bearing. Lord of the Rings did fantastically, but there was a royalty associated with it. 
Alexander Perry: Perfect. And then just my follow-up is on MAGIC, actually. So can you talk about any timing shifts that may have supported the quarter and how we should think about sort of phasing of growth there as we move through the year? 
Chris Cocks: I think in Q1, you saw a bit of Outlaws of Thunder Junction, which is the colorful name for our first major Q2 release, a bit of that shift in Q1, and I think that helped. For the balance of the year, I don't think there are any huge quarter-over-quarter shifts. You'll probably see a bit lighter release schedule in Q4 which I think might affect that quarter as you think about things. But Q2 should be reasonable for MAGIC, Q3 should also be reasonable and then Q4 will probably be the light one. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Citi. 
James Hardiman: First, I just want to close the loop on this corporate and other last question, I promised Gina. So $45 million in the first quarter, what should that number be for the year? It sounds like you're saying less -- it's actually going to be less than $45 million. So that -- we should expect that to go negative for the balance of the year? Or maybe just give us a sort of North Star, how to think about that full year number. 
Gina Goetter: Yes. Good question. I know it's confusing to just given some of the timing components. Last year in '23, it was roughly $20 million. When all kind of get settled out, it was roughly $20 million. I would say we'll probably be around that plus or minus a bit just given that we have this stock comp adjustment sitting in there. It's really held as a lot of our corporate costs sit within there. It's trying to represent kind of that corporate overhead structure, but then much of it gets allocated back as we go throughout the year. And all of that just given all of the work that we're doing in that area is a little bit as you can imagine, it's moving. It's agile this year as we make all those changes. So I would say, call it, $20 million, $30 million by the end of the year [ in terms ] of profit. 
James Hardiman: And just to clarify, and then I have a follow-up. But any way to think about that from quarter-to-quarter, because that could be a pretty big swing factor as we think about potentially some negative numbers, does that start right away? Or is that more back half weighted? 
Gina Goetter: I would say in Q2 and -- Q2 to Q3, you're not going to have that $20 million adjustment for the stock comp in there. And so then you're looking kind of plus or minus a few million dollars moving in and out. So it really becomes an immaterial impact as we move through the next few quarters. 
James Hardiman: Got it. Okay. And then consumer products margin, obviously pretty negative for the first quarter. But if anything, it sounds like you feel pretty positive about the trajectory of that margin. How should we think about -- I don't know if there's a way to think about an exit rate for this year. It seems like it would be meaningfully better than that 4% to 6% range given the starting point. What I'm really trying to get at is what -- how do you feel about where that's headed, particularly for 2025 and even beyond. 
Gina Goetter: Got it. Yes. I think we feel based on what we delivered in Q1, really good about our ability to deliver that 4% to 6% guidance range. And to your point, a big drag that we saw in Q1 was the [ eOne ] And as we kind of push past that and move into growth in Q4. You're going to see some nice underlying profitability within the business. As we move then into 2025, we've publicly said that. Our goal is to get this as close to double digits as we can through 2025. And it's going to be some of the same levers that you're hearing us talk about, continued focus on cost structure, continuing to refine our supply chain, getting really smart with our product mix and how we're pricing in markets.
 And then last thing that the last lever we haven't brought up yet on this call is the whole design to value and all of the work that we're doing within our product design. So far, that hasn't had a material positive benefit on the P&L. We see that picking up as we move into Q4 and really into 2025. So I think we feel good about where Q1 landed. It tells us we're on the right path to get us within that range of 4% to 6%, and we're continuing to march into 2025, thinking that we're going to push that double-digit margin. 
James Hardiman: Is it crazy to say that we're going to be pretty close to that double-digit rate sort of implied in second half or fourth quarter? 
Gina Goetter: No, It's not create the same rate in fourth quarter. Particularly, you got to keep in mind we had that big inventory adjustment last year that becomes a huge benefit for us in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. 
Frederick Wightman: I just wanted to come back to margins. In the slides, you guys are calling out cost saves net of 2 points of inflation. And we've seen some other toy companies talk about actual benefits from deflation. So can you talk about where you're seeing that cost inflation specifically and how to think about that as we move throughout the balance of the year. 
Gina Goetter: Good question. Yes, we wouldn't call it deflation per se. So we are seeing a couple of points of inflation. The 3 areas I'd call it, one is labor. That's our biggest cost in the P&L. We're continuing to see that inflate a few points. The second, then when you think about our largest kind of ingredient that we're purchasing in Horizon, that also is inflationary in the year. But those are kind of the big 2, I would say. I mean, our logistics cost there's pluses and minuses. Overall, we're managing logistics pretty well. For the year, in the quarter, we saw about 2 points of inflation. That's what we think that is going to play through the rest of the year, about 2 points of inflation. 
Chris Cocks: Yes. Just on an apples-to-apples, I'm not sure how other companies are talking deflation. When we talk about it, we talk about it as productivity based on our teams working with our vendors. And so our productivity is significantly scaling past underlying inflation in the supply chain to a pretty healthy manner, which is driving our gross margin productivity. 
Frederick Wightman: Yes, that makes sense. And maybe another one for you, Chris. You talked about the traction from the LITTLEST PET SHOP license. You also talked about the deal for Power Rangers. Does the early success that you're seeing with some of these licensing decisions change how you're thinking about the need to own versus license some of these CP brands going forward? 
Chris Cocks: No. I mean I think it's validating that we made the right choice. Two years ago, we outlined what our selection criteria would be basically can we generate $50 million in revenue at a 10% OP. And can we grow to $100 million or more revenue at a 15% OP on a line. And so basically, we've chosen the lines to outsource that we don't think meet those thresholds. But another company with maybe a different cost structure or a different set of expertise could still make a really nice business with even if it was sub-$50 million. So I think we're basically done without licensing. We certainly will be driving cross-licensing and leveraging our brands for category expansion and new product opportunities. like we're doing with LEGO, like we're doing with Mattel, like we're doing with location-based entertainment. But I think Power Rangers is probably a -- it's probably the last brand that we will outsource. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Kylie Cohu with Jefferies. 
Kylie Cohu: Just kind of wanted to double click a little bit on the timing aspect. Anything that you can quantify from Easter? How has that affected the quarter? And how are you kind of thinking about how that would affect Q2 as well would be helpful. 
Chris Cocks: Yes. Easter gave a modest lift in the quarter, maybe, call it, 1 or 2 points based on it being earlier. Finally, though we're seeing April kind of continue to positive trends even barring kind of like what's going on with Easter. I think we were up in the last week our total global POS in the last week of April that we measured, we were up 7% without our divested brands included and up about 4% when you even include those divested brands. So while we think Easter would help in Q1, it wasn't really a decisive help. 
Kylie Cohu: Got it. Great. That color is super helpful. And then I know you mentioned earlier about how most of your major profitability drivers are kind of being near sourced. But can you just remind us what your exposure kind of is to China at this point in time? I know we've been getting a lot of inbounds on that. 
Chris Cocks: Yes, about 50% or so of our... 
Gina Goetter: 40% -- when you add in Wizards, we're about 40%. 
Chris Cocks: About 40% of our total volume is built in China today. But only  5% or 10% of our total profit is sourced out of China. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session. And this concludes our call today. We thank you for your interest and participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good Morning. And welcome to Hasbro Fourth Quarter Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. [Operator instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kern Kapoor, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kern Kapoor : Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro's Chief Executive Officer; and Gina Goetter, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Gina providing commentary on the company's performance, and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our Investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Kern, and good morning, everyone. For more than a year now, you've heard me outline Hasbro's strategy to refocus on play behind a philosophy of Fewer, Bigger, Better. Fewer SKU’s that drive higher impact. Bigger investment behind winning brands in more focused categories. And Better innovation driven by a renewed leadership team and a focus on kids, parents, and fans, our consumers, the lifeblood of Hasbro. We laid out a blueprint for a more focused and profitable company with a number of growth initiatives built on a diverse portfolio of some of the most iconic brands in the toy and game industry. While business transformations take time, I'm pleased with how much we accomplished in 2023, setting the table for a 2024 punctuated by strong profit growth and momentum in renewing Hasbro's innovation engine. We're entering 2024 with a healthier balance sheet, a leaner cost structure, and an operational rigor that will maintain and build on these improvements in the quarters ahead. In 2023, we took substantial action to bolster our balance sheet. At the end of the year, we closed our deal with Lionsgate on eOne Film and TV, allowing us to focus our investments on higher return, play-focused initiatives across toys, games, and digital. Proceeds from the deal allowed us to reduce our debt by approximately $400 million. As we shipped our entertainment strategy to an asset light and partner-led model, we took a $1 billion impairment, a noncash item in Q4, which reflects the sale of eOne, and a change in outlook for the balance of our own and operated production efforts. This shift frees up more capital for us to reinvest in toys, games, and particularly our digital future. Between hard work from our sales and operations teams and some of the financial actions we took at the end of the quarter, we entered 2024 with inventories down over 50% year-over-year, which is well below 2019 levels. We also took steps to improve our structural profitability, exiting a number of low or negative profit businesses that we have shifted to a licensed-out model. Finally, we are driving better than expected cost savings through our operational excellence work. Unlocking crucial investment capacity as we seek to connect with fans of all ages and across all play patterns. Previously, we communicated $350 million to $400 million in annual run rate savings. We're updating our target to $750 million of gross savings by the end of 2025, with half of it dropping to the bottom line. This allows us to reinvest in our business, meaningfully improve our cash flows, and return cash to our shareholders, which we are committed to continuing through our category-leading dividend. Since I became CEO in 2022, Hasbro's returned almost $1 billion to shareholders and paid down over $0.5 billion in debt. While 2023 was challenging and we still expect the toy industry to face near-term headwinds, we believe we're taking the necessary steps to turn around our consumer products business. Wizards and Digital Gaming is coming off a banner year led by MAGIC, Universes Beyond, the success of Baldur's Gate III from our partners at Larian, and Monopoly Go! from Scopely. 2024 is about returning consumer products to profitability, investing for long-term momentum in games, and driving significant improvements in Hasbro's bottom line, fueled by operational discipline and renewed product innovation. In short, we're putting all the right pieces together to keep investing in our growth initiatives while expanding the ways our franchises reach fans through digital games. We expect the next year we'll likely see continued headwinds in the toy category. We're exiting 2023 with our retail inventory down around 20%. While we think Hasbro's retail inventory is in a healthy position, across the industry a lot of older discounted inventory still remains in the market. The consumer remains value conscious and we anticipate entertainment will be less of a tailwind in the year ahead, behind a reduced box office slate. Anticipating these headwinds, we made necessary choices to get our cost structure and inventory positions healthy. Accelerating a number of cost savings initiatives by several quarters. Since I became CEO, we have significantly enhanced our consumer insights capabilities and upgraded our design and toy leadership. In 2024, we'll see more and more of the resulting innovation improvements as these capability upgrades come to market across our portfolio. As such, we believe we're in a good position to at least pace the industry this year with innovation and share trends accelerating to ahead of market as we head into 2025. Turning around a product pipeline is key, with the right people and the right insights. At the end of the day, it's all about great product. In the back half of 2023, we started to see the first evidence of our new team and products working. Take FURBY, for example. This was a product we took our time testing and iterating based on consumer insights. It paid off as FURBY was one of the top new toy introductions in 2023. We continued the FURBY craze in December with the launch of Furblets, another hit introduction, and we're excited to continue building this franchise in 2024. 2023 was also a strong year for our TRANSFORMERS franchise. On the back of the hit movie, Transformers Rise of the Beasts from our partners in Paramount, driving point of sale growth of 35%. We have some exciting activations planned as we celebrate the brand's 40th anniversary in 2024, as well as the star-studded animated movie, Transformers One, coming this summer along with fresh merchandise. This year also marks PEPPA PIG’s 20th birthday. We'll be celebrating with new, innovative products and an entertainment special featuring A-list talent Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom. After gaining share in the arts and crafts category in 2023, with another strong year including our ultimate ice cream truck, the Play-Doh team continues to innovate, expect more creative surprises and new cross-brand collaborations in the year ahead. In action figures, we are leaning into our category-leading collaboration with The Walt Disney Company for their Marvel Superheroes Assemble marketing campaign, featuring new price points and products across our lines, including all new preschool fun with Spidey and His Amazing Friends. For Star Wars, we're excited to expand our best-selling Lightsaber Forge Kyber Core series and introduce our new $7.99 Epic Series 4-inch action figures. We saw an incredibly strong launch from Beyblade X last year in Japan from our partners at Takara Tomy and are eagerly anticipating the U.S. launch this summer, What we believe will be one of the hottest new toys of 2024. It's an exciting product that we think long-time collectors and kids fresh to the franchise will be thrilled with. The blaster category continues to be under pressure, but we also continue to believe this is a strong and enduring play pattern for fans of all ages. This year we'll be introducing new innovation into the category, featuring a new performance start technology, pop off-the-shelf design and attractive pricing up and down the range. Board Games continues to be a leading category for us, and one we anticipate will grow in the year ahead. Twister Air was a number one new game across the G-10 markets in 2023, according to Sircano. Thanks to an innovative new augmented reality experience. You're going to see a renewed focus on expanding genres, leveraging our reach and distribution strength to introduce more cool new games than ever, and working with some of the brightest designers in the industry to give their games a platform they deserve. Whether it's adult party games, family card games, casual strategy, or extending mega hits like Monopoly, 2024 will be a big year for gaming from Hasbro. Speaking of games, Wizards and Digital outperformed our guidance in 2023, driven by a series of blockbuster hits. MAGIC had another record year in ‘23 with a string of amazing new sets, including our best-selling set of all time, The Lord of the Rings: Tales of Middle-Earth. While a product like Lord of the Rings creates a tough comp in 2024, we have some unique sets that fans are eagerly anticipating, including March's Fallout, a new commander-focused Universes Beyond product line, this summer's Modern Horizons III, the sequel to our prior best-selling set of all time, and this September's charming new world, [Bloom World]. We continue to see the power of our franchises play out with our digital licensing partners. Monopoly Go! from partners and Scopely is the number one mobile game launch of all time in the U.S., outperforming the launches of global phenomena like Pokemon Go and Candy Crush, and the fastest mobile title to reach $1 billion in the U.S., and the game continues to break records. In Q4 alone, the game drove more than $800 million in revenue worldwide for Scopely. As far as our financial participation goes for revenue and profit, it's like having the equivalent of $1 billion movie supporting Monopoly, except every year, with the impact growing sequentially as the game works through our minimum guarantees and marketing allowances. Baldur's Gate III from our partners of Larian continues to win awards around the world and is one of the highest rated video games of all time. We expect a long tail into 2024 and beyond for this mega hit. Last but not least, we have a compelling new lineup of adventures, core rulebooks, and new digital first offerings for D&D as we celebrate this iconic brand's 50th anniversary. We'll launch the biggest update to fifth edition since its introduction in 2014, reinventing everything from the artwork of our iconic monsters, to new classes, to new mechanics, to bold new ways to bring to life the world of D &D digitally. All of this will add up to more and more impressive product as the year goes on, leading into an even brighter 2025. We look forward to sharing more about 2025. All new brands, entertainment collaborations, and a chance to really show what this team is capable of later this year. Wrapping up, 2023 was a challenging year, but not without significant wins. Wins we believe augur the Hasbro to come. A company rededicated to play, innovation, and fun for fans of all ages. Last year, we launched a top toy with FURBY. We won a Game of the Year award with Twister Air. And we wowed tens of millions with Monopoly Go! Transformers Rise of the Beast, Baldur's Gate III, and Magic Lord of the Rings, all while cleaning up the business, selling eOne, paying down debt, and clearing excess inventory, which makes for a healthier, stronger Hasbro to start 2024. I'm excited to see the results to come. I'd now like to turn over the call to Gina to share more about our detailed results and to provide guidance for the year. Gina?
Gina Goetter: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. 2023 marked an important milestone in our transformation towards a more streamlined and profitable toy and game company. As Chris mentioned, transformations take time and amidst the tough industry backdrop, I'm proud of the progress the Hasbro team made over the past several quarters in resetting the business and getting us in the best position for 2024. Before I touch on the financial highlights from the past year, I want to recap three major actions we took and how to think through their impacts. First, we successfully closed the sale of the eOne Film and TV business to Lionsgate, and we used the proceeds to reduce debt by $400 million, which will result in annual interest expense savings of approximately $25 million. In addition to reducing our leverage, the sale of eOne frees up capital to invest in higher growth initiatives, while allowing us to continue monetizing Hasbro IP in an asset-light structure. In conjunction with the sale and the change in the business strategy for family brands, namely PEPPA PIG and PJ Masks, we recorded a noncash, goodwill and intangible asset impairment of approximately $1 billion, which you will see in our reported results. As we look to 2024, besides the reduction in interest expense, we also expect to see an improvement in operating margin, as well as an improvement to cash flow, given the reduction in production spending. Second, in Q4, we accelerated efforts to clean up our excess inventory. As I had mentioned last quarter, we were focused on starting 2024 in a cleaner position. And we would remain agile in taking actions consistent with broader category momentum. While we landed within our revenue guidance, we did not see the holiday season pickup that we were hoping for, and as a result took more aggressive actions in bringing inventory levels down over 50% from the prior year. Our inventory is now running well below pre-pandemic levels, and we believe this improved position will allow us to drive higher value retail distribution and return focus to upcoming toy and game innovation. We also expect annual savings of roughly $10 million from exiting overflow locations previously used to store excess inventory. And while this was the right decision for the long-term health of the business, the near term impact from accelerating this cleanup resulted in a roughly $130 million noncash impact to operating income. Lastly, as part of our operational excellence program, we made the difficult decision in Q4 to reduce the size of our workforce. While these decisions are never easy, this move will enable cost savings, which will improve profitability and fuel investments towards long term growth around toy and digital games innovation. Moving to our financial results and business segment highlights, in Q4 we saw a continuation of the trends seen throughout much of the year. Total Hasbro revenue of $1.3 billion was down 23% versus last year. Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming revenue increased 7% behind ongoing contributions from the award winning Baldur's Gate III and Monopoly Go! Consumer products declined 25% due to the planned business exits, broader category declines, and an enhanced focus on clearing inventory. Q4 adjusted operating loss of $50 million was down year-on-year, mostly driven by nonrecurring and noncash charges of $168 million which includes the $130 million of inventory write off. We believe the cleanup efforts are behind us as we are starting 2024 at much healthier levels compared to prior years and our retail inventory is at an acceptable level. Q4 adjusted net earnings were $52 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.38, also down versus the prior year, primarily due to the aforementioned nonrecurring charges. For the full year 2023, total Hasbro revenue of $5 billion was down 15% versus 2022 and within our previously stated guidance range. Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming revenue grew 10%, ahead of our guidance benefiting from the success of Baldur's Gate III, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, and Monopoly Go! Consumer products revenues were down 19% for the full year driven by planned business exits, softer industry trends, and stronger inventory management on behalf of our retailers. Adjusting for the exit of brands and markets, revenue would have declined by 15%. And despite the tougher category backdrop, we delivered some bright spots within our toy portfolio, including Transformers, Twister Air, Furby, and GI Joe. On a reported basis, the Entertainment segment revenue declined by 31% as the writers' and actors' strikes impacted content deliveries. Family Brands revenue grew 6% from streaming deals of animated content in support of Hasbro's brands. Total Hasbro Inc. 2023 adjusted operating profit was $477 million, down 48% versus last year, primarily driven by the nonrecurring expenses, as well as lower revenues. 2023 adjusted net earnings of $349 million, or $2.51 per diluted share, was down 44% versus last year. Besides the charges for inventory, earnings were negatively impacted by content impairments and higher royalty expense, partially offset by our cost savings program and a one-time tax benefit. Operating cash flow for the full year was $726 million, well ahead of our guidance and nearly double from the prior year, driven mostly by a working capital benefit of approximately $350 million due to the inventory cleanup efforts. We ended the year with $545 million in cash on our balance sheet and reduced debt by approximately $500 million. We also returned $388 million of capital to our shareholders via dividends. Before I move to guidance for 2024, I want to frame how we are thinking about the year ahead from an operational perspective, and in particular, how we're looking to turn around the consumer product business. In 2023, we took the necessary steps in our transformation to reset the business. This year, with the right foundation in place, we are focused on reinvigorating innovation across the portfolio, while continuing to drive operational rigor, which we expect to pave the way for sustainable profitable growth. The near-term model that we're building is one where cost productivity provides the fuel to innovate and grow the business. And in 2024, there remains a significant opportunity to improve the underlying profitability, while rebuilding its innovation engine. These two go hand-in-hand and align with our overarching strategy of focusing on Fewer, Bigger, and Better brands. Over the past several quarters, we have been mobilizing around this imperative and taking actions to simplify and prioritize resources on our largest portfolios and biggest bets. One of the single biggest contributors to complexity reduction relates to our product portfolio. Moving into 2024, we have eliminated about half of our SKUs. These SKUs were only 2% of our revenue and were duplicative and unprofitable, quashing the network and creating cost for us and our retailers. Along similar lines, we made the decision to move to an out-license model for brands where we determined the respective path to scale and profitability as an owned and operated entity did not meet our internal threshold. In 2024, for Real Friends, an Easy-Bake Oven will transition. While there are short-term impacts to revenue from this model shift, we ultimately can expect greater operating profit dollars from out-license IP and it allows us to focus resources back to our core brands. In 2023, we started the work to streamline our supply chain and improve the efficiency of the organization. And in 2024, we will be continuing these efforts by reaching further upstream to unlock value in our product design and manufacturing processes. We are taking an organization-wide focus across the supply chain, brandings, product development, procurement, and manufacturing to identify waste and redefine the right design-to-value equation for each product. Ultimately, this will culminate in higher margins and contribute to an improved play experience. We started this work last year on select brands within our Hasbro gaming portfolio and will be rapidly extending this approach to two of our biggest brands, NERF and Play-Doh. Also, within our supply chain, we are building new capabilities within planning and forecasting to ensure that inventory levels, both owned and retail, remain within the desired threshold. We made significant progress coming out of 2023 and these updated processes and tools will ensure that we maintain a healthy inventory position. Since coming on board at Hasbro, I've talked about the imperative to bring costs down within managed expenses to stop the dynamic of overhead growing faster than revenue, particularly within the consumer product segment. In December, we announced the next round of actions to address the organizational structure. We have also introduced zero-based budgeting as a tool to help us optimize our spending and ensure dollars invested are driving the right actions in our in-support of our strategy. And finally, we are continuing to enhance our capabilities around consumer insights, revenue growth management, and marketing effectiveness as core drivers in strengthening our foundation and enhancing product development. Looking forward to the 2024 holidays, we have more innovation compared to last year that's backed by insights and stronger pricing precision. This, coupled with stronger planned execution with our retailers, will enable Q4 growth across the toy business. Turning to guidance for 2024 and looking more closely at the two main operating segments, total Wizards revenue is forecasted down 3% to 5%. The decline is primarily a result of the strong growth delivered in 2023 behind the launch of Baldur's Gate III and the Magic Lord of the Rings set. Looking at each of the pieces, we are planning for growth within D&D with the upcoming update of the fifth edition and the continued expansion of D&D beyond. MAGIC will have the same number of releases in 2024 as last year, but revenue will be flat to down as we count Lord of the Rings. It's important to call out that MAGIC will be back to growth in 2025 as we expand our Universes Beyond lineup. Licensed digital games will be relatively flat. The revenue from Baldur's Gate III will begin to taper down as we move through the year and will be partially offset by the continued momentum of Monopoly Go! With the success of the game, we are now anticipating that we will begin to record revenue higher than the contract's minimum guarantee in the back half of the year. From a phasing standpoint, we expect Wizards revenue to grow in the front half with a decline coming in the back half as we comp the huge launches. Wizards operating margin will be between 38 % and 40%, which will be up 200 to 400 basis points versus last year. The margin improvement is a result of a favorable mix shift within digital, lower royalty rates across MAGIC, and strong cost management within operating expenses. Margin are also benefiting from supply chain cost productivity more than offsetting the inflation. For Consumer products, revenue will be down 7% to 12%. About half of the decline is due to actions we've taken to improve profitability, including the planned business exits, as well as a reduction in unprofitable closeout revenue given the significant inventory cleanup executed at year end. The other half of the decline is a result of prevailing category trends. Overall, we are planning to grow share in the categories in which we compete and are leaning into innovation green shoots with step ups in Hasbro gaming, Beyblade, Play-Doh, FURBY, and NERF. And we are also adopting a more agile approach with our marketing dollars to better target consumers and increase the effectiveness of the spend. We are forecasting revenue trends will improve as we move through the year with steeper declines in Q1 and Q2 and stabilization coming in the back half of the year behind innovation, marketing effectiveness, and maintaining healthy retail inventory levels heading into the holidays. A key focus for 2024 is improving the profitability of toys. And we are forecasting operating margins to be between 4% and 6%, which is 500 to 700 basis points better than last year. Approximately 400 basis points of improvement is driven by the lap of the nonrecurring inventory charges. And this is almost completely offset by the anticipated volume declines and associated deleverage impact. The additional margin expansion is driven by a combination of favorable product mix due to less close-up volume, supply chain cost savings more than offsetting inflation, reduced complexity across the network, and operating expense reductions. Margin will also be positively impacted from the work on SKU elimination and design the value, which I mentioned earlier. For Entertainment, stripping out the impact of the eOne divestiture, revenue will be down approximately $15 million versus last year. And operating margin will show significant improvement driven by operating expense reductions, as well as lapping the impact of the D&D movie impairment in 2023. We will continue to report entertainment as a separate segment for 2024, albeit on a much smaller base. As part of the 2024 guidance, we are increasing our gross cost savings target through 2025 from the $350 million to $400 million communicated in December to $750 million. Through 2023, we have delivered approximately $220 million of gross cost savings and anticipate a sizable step up as we move through the next two years. Roughly half of the gross cost savings will drop to the bottom line as we focus on improving profitability and the remaining dollars will be reinvested back into the business to support growth initiatives including the reinvigoration of toy innovation and the continued investment in the gaming business. With the improvement and operating margin across all segments, Total Hasbro Inc. EBITDA is forecasted to be $925 million to $1 billion, up $215 million to $290 million versus the prior year. The positive impact from the cost structure reset as well as the lack of the one-time inventory cleanup in 2023 is more than able to offset the revenue decline and cost inflation. We are planning for relatively flat-owned inventory levels in 2024 and estimate approximately $225 million of project capital to support growth initiatives and invest back into the infrastructure as we continue to rebuild the underpinning of the operation. Ending cash will be slightly down versus 2023, driven by relatively flat-owned inventory levels, increased capital project spending, and additional costs associated with the restructuring actions announced in December. From a capital allocation standpoint, our priorities remain to first, invest behind the core business. Second is to return cash to shareholders via the dividend and third to continue progressing towards our long-term leveraged targets and pay down debt. As you heard Chris mention, we remain committed to our category-leading dividend and believe that the changes that we've made within working capital to free up cash, as well as the changes we're making on the broader cost structure, provide enough cash flexibility to deliver on the capital allocation priorities. The board has declared our next quarterly dividend payable in May and keeping consistent with industry best practices as we move through 2024, we will be shifting the declaration of the dividend to more closely align with the record dates. And to close, looking out beyond 2024, we expect that the Consumer product's business will return to low single-digit revenue growth and that Wizards will return to mid to high single digit revenue growth. With our step-up in cost savings, we remain committed to getting to 20% operating margin with the potential to reach that milestone before 2027. And with that, I'll turn it back to Chris to wrap up.
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Gina. Turnarounds take time. And for our toy business, we are still in the early innings. While we're likely to face some near-term industry headwinds in 2024. And we're comping a better than planned 2023 for Wizards. The work we've done under the hood to strengthen our balance sheet, upgrade our planning and right size our inventory is a strong foundation to build from. I want to thank the teams at Hasbro for driving this and putting our fans first. This year is all about execution. As we build on that foundation, drive our profitability, and reinvigorate our innovation pipeline for category share gains in 2024, and renewed top-line growth in 2025 and beyond. We'll now pause to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will be from the line of Eric Handler, ROTH MKM.
Eric Handler: Good morning. And thanks for the question. A lot to digest here. I wonder if you could talk about what the retail situation and your cost structure look like international versus North America?
Chris Cocks: Sure. I think perhaps Gina and I will answer this question. Good morning, Eric. Generally speaking, we're feeling pretty good about where our retail situation is. In the U.S. and Europe, in terms of retail inventory, we're down about 20% year-over-year. That translates to about a four-week improvement on the supply. So between Europe and the U.S., we generally have about 17 to 20 weeks of supply at our major retailers, which is about what we'd like to see. It's about what our normal is pre-pandemic. So generally speaking, that means we neither see retail inventory as a tailwind nor a headwind, which is nice because over the last year or so, it's been decidedly a headwind as retailers have been trying to right size their inventories. I think if we have any concerns inside of retail, it's that there's still a lot of industry discounted merchandise, particularly in what we would call the growth channel or kind of like value resellers. That's going to take a quarter or two to work through. But again, based on our inventory position, we have very little aged inventory and any aged inventory we have has a PO associated with it. So we feel in a generally good position. Gina, anything to add?
Gina Goetter: No, Eric, the second part of your question about the profitability between North America and our international markets. I mean, North America is our highest margin market. Within international, a couple of things that draw that margin profile down. One is within the allowances and just how we intersect or interact with the retailers. That is a bit more costly than what we have in the US. And the second piece is really within our overhead structure to support the international business. Both of those pieces we are working to address. So through our initiatives of revenue growth management, that is squarely focused on all of that cost that's sitting between post revenue and net revenue. And then the second piece on overhead, all of the cost savings initiatives that we've put into motion will start to attack the cost structure of rather North America as well as the international.
Eric Handler: Great. And then just as a follow up. Chris, you've talked before about being the inevitability that MAGIC has to see slow down. just because of law of large numbers in revenue. And D&D was supposed to pick up the torch and drive higher growth. I wonder if you could talk about maybe some of the key drivers with D&D that as you look at over the next few years, where what's going to build that business even more?
Chris Cocks: Yes, for sure. So last year, we were fortunate in that both MAGIC and D&D were growers for us. The MAGIC tabletop business was up probably in the 3% to 5% range. We had a little bit of attrition on digital, but still the business was up low single digits. And D&D was up over 75% on a total brand basis. I think the contributors for D&D's growth last year will be very similar to what they'll be moving forward. We continue to think D&D Beyond was an excellent acquisition. It really is the way increasingly people are playing tabletop role-playing games. I think it's an excellent platform for us to build upon and expand the ways that people can play, the ways that people can experience theater of the mind. And also for us to distribute and showcase a more diverse set of content, whether that's Universes Beyond style content, like we do with MAGIC, or our major creators content or user-generated content. So I think you'll see more from that on the tabletop side. We continue to have a robust entertainment slate on D&D that we're working with several partners behind, notably the new streaming series from Paramount that we're partnering with them on. And then video games will clearly be a huge leg up on the D&D business. Baldur's Gate III is one of the seminal role-playing games of all time. It's won multiple games of the year awards. Our partners at Larian really knocked it out of the park with that and were fantastic to work with. Baldur's Gate III is just the first of several new video games that will be coming out over the next 5 to 10 years that I think will continue to power that franchise. And really, I think the three combined, continued innovation on tabletop, powered by D&D Beyond, targeted entertainment, working through partners in an asset-light model, and then great video game content through licensees and through our own internal studios. I think the future is bright for that brand.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christopher Horvers with JP Morgan.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks and good morning. So, first a clarification. Did you say you expect consumer products to be flat in 3Q and then up in 4Q in that mix? How are you thinking about NERF growing again? And to what extent are you taking in a shorter holiday calendar next year? And as a part of that, fourth quarter question, could you mention what the specific lift in 4Q ‘23 was from clearance sales?
Gina Goetter: All right. I will try to dissect all of those for you, Chris. So you've gotten the phasing generally right within CP. So as we think about the guide of 7 to 12 down, you're going to see steeper declines in Q1 and Q2, similar to what we saw playing through Q3, kind of the average what we saw playing through in Q3, Q4. As we look at Q3 of ‘24, we start to stabilize as we move into Q4, we're planning for growth. As we think about which brands are going to carry it, it's really behind the strong innovation that we're putting in, NERF being one of them. So we do have some innovation that's coming. That will be a market kind of in the back half of the year as we head into holiday. In terms of your last question on the lift specifically from closeouts, I don't know that I have that number to an exact extent. What I would say is that our closeout volume and revenue was generally consistent with what we saw play through the year prior. There wasn't a huge, a huge delta from previous years. And then couple that with all of the efforts that we took to clean up inventory as we're looking here in the front part of the year, we're seeing that closeout volume come down quite significantly. So nothing I would call out as different as we played through Q4.
Chris Cocks: As you think about the back half, Chris, I'd be really looking at Beyblade X as a huge launch for us. It did many orders of magnitude larger in the launch in Japan last year versus Beyblade Burst from 2016. We're expecting it to be quite a runner and the early feedback from the toy fairs is our retailers are getting behind it as well. We have some really cool innovation across price points for Play-Doh that I think will continue to the run on that brand, both building share and building point of sale and sell-in. And then we have quite a lineup of board games that will be coming out throughout the year. But generally speaking, we have a good Q4 for our board games and we think this year will be no exception.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then on the MAGIC business, because how many of the larger releases that you mentioned, would you expect could eclipse $100 million? And then from a Universes Beyond perspective, was there any shift into ‘24 from IP partnerships that you were expecting in ‘23? Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Sure. So last year, we did six premier sets per year, which is like large sets that go across formats. I think last year five of our six premier sets eclipsed $100 million. I don't think we have a specific forecast for each of the premier sets this year, but we will have six sets this year. We think actually we'll have probably slightly less kind of secondary sets or secondary SKUs associated with MAGIC. And so we're projecting flat to slightly down for the brand. So I think you can do the math and say it's roughly about the number of equivalent sets that are hitting that $100 million bogey. As you think about Universes Beyond, last year we had our first what we would call premier set for Universes Beyond that was Magic Lord of the Rings. That did over $200 million in under six months. This year we have some smaller Universes Beyond sets. The first one's going to be fallout, which will come up in March. That won't be at the same scale or size, but we'll do better than what a typical commander set would do. But starting in 2025, we're going to have two premier Universes Beyond sets as part of our mix. And we believe the brands that will be shipping in 2025 have the same kind of carrying power as the Lord of the Rings. The one that we've announced will be in the front half of the year, and that's Final Fantasy, which is just a juggernaut in role-playing games. We've announced partnerships with a host of other brands, Marvel being one of the last ones that we kind of talked about. There'll be multiple sets associated with that. So for ‘25 going forward, you should expect to see as part of our six premier sets per year, two of them will be Universes Beyond branded. And we think we'll have a similar uplift to what we experienced with Lord of the Rings. And so that's underlaying a lot of our bullishness on the growth for MAGIC.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of our Arpine Kocharyan with UBS.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So EBITDA finished the year at around $700 million, and you expect around $250 million of incremental cost base in 2024, but then you're probably annualizing cost base from 2023 with some kind of underlying decline in EBITDA. Could you just maybe bridge to the puts and takes of 2024 EBITDA guides for the year for us, because there's also cost to those cost savings, as I understand, if you could just go through the puts and takes. And then I have a quick follow up for Chris.
Gina Goetter: Got it. Sure. Very happy to do so. So if you kind of name some of them, we think about the build from where we stood in the $750 million. Keep in mind that we have that one time, all those non-recurring charges come back. That is the benefit to us next year. That becomes a tailwind. Almost completely offsetting that tailwind, though, is the volume coming down, the revenue coming down. So the one-time benefit is offset then by the volume kind of delev impact. Overall, we have supply chain productivity that is going to be offsetting inflation. So when you think about the cost save, that's one piece of the cost save, supply chain productivity. The second big piece really is what's happening within our operating expenses. So when you think about the people cost as well as just broader managed expense savings, that becomes an adder back for us as we think about 2024. And the last piece that is positive is just the overall mix of our business. So not only within [WATCI] where we have this continued mix into digital, but within the CP business as well, when we again took out those actions from a closeout standpoint, the volume that we're going to be moving through in 2024 is higher profit volume for us. So those are some of big puts and takes. Really the big negative for us as we head into ‘24 is just what's happening on the revenue line and the impact that that's having.
Arpine Kocharyan: Great. Thank you. And then, Chris, you have talked about $500 million of D&D business over a three-four-year period. I was wondering if that's still the guidance for D&D. I know you addressed some of that earlier, but if you could just go over kind of the long-term growth prospects for that business in terms of sizing it for us, similar to how you guys communicated in October Analyst Day. So kind of, I know you're not ready to update that guidance, but just sort of, is that $500 million still the right numbers to think about? Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Yes, no worries. Hey, Arpine, by the way, I heard you have a new child. Congratulations.
Gina Goetter: I think like I control the baby.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Chris Cocks: We always appreciate it when people make customers.
Arpine Kocharyan: Indeed.
Chris Cocks: I would say that guidance holds. The D&D brand and our games portfolio overall is trucking along at a similar pace as we expected. That guidance was more of a 2027-ish timeframe. I think a little bit will depend on certain calendars associated with certain video games and there's a certain amount of schedule slippage that you get with that. But generally speaking we feel good about the trajectory of the brand and as I mentioned in Eric's question kind of like the three core pillars that underlie it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Megan Alexander with Morgan Stanley.
Megan Alexander: Hi, thanks very much and thanks for all the detail. It's really helpful. I was wondering, Gina, if maybe we could unpack the revenue guidance for consumer products just a bit more. You cited those four points from exiting the licensing. Maybe you can help us understand what's implied from an industry POS expectation and I guess is the comment that retail inventory is not a headwind or a tailwind. Should we assume that you're just kind of shipping in line with POS?
Gina Goetter: Yes, that, good question Megan and that's where I was going to lead you. Just especially given where our inventory positions are sitting, our assumption that we're making is that our shipment is going to more closely align with POS. In fact, we actually started to see that happen towards the tail end of this year. So do you think about the guide that gives you an indication of how we're thinking about the broader macroenvironment. So you take those, call it roughly four points out for just the business exit. You're laxed with down three to eight. In the down three scenario that would be us over delivering and getting share and beating the market. Down eight is probably more similar of us moving in line with the market. But I think you've got the equation right that our shipments are going to more closely kind of align with our line of POS.
Megan Alexander: Okay. And then could you maybe quantify the net cost savings that are embedded in the guide? I think for your slides you're going to get to kind of $500 million of gross cost savings by the end of this year. You've kind of said you haven't really seen any last year. So on that call it net, $250 million if you can reinvest 50%. What's embedded this year? And I know you talked about some cost inflation. Is that freight? Are you still seeing, product inflation, whether it's things like resin? Can you just maybe quantify what is actually embedded in the guide?
Gina Goetter: Sure, absolutely. Let me start on that -- let's start on the inflation side first. I know we'll work our way back. So embedded in the guide is roughly an inflation rate of 3%. The single biggest inflation driver for us this year will be labor. Labor within manufacturing and labor within the broader logistics network. We're also seeing some inflation like in resin, you’re pointing, that's our single biggest kind of component that we're purchasing. We are seeing that inflate and then fuel. So I think between those three pieces, you're roughly getting to 3%. We believe we have cost productivity that more than offsets all of that. So specifically within kind of our cost of goods, we will be a net margin contributor because we -- how that will play out. In terms of the total gross sales cost save, I think it's fair to say that roughly, call it $200 million, $250 million will be net cost saving between this supply chain cost productivity offsetting inflation, as well as all of the moves that we're making below the line within managed expenses, whether it be people cost coming down or just broader purchase expenses coming down.
Megan Alexander: Great. And just to clarify that, that $200 million to $250 million is, that's a net tail end verse ‘23 and that's kind of should be independent of whether the top line's kind of above or below or at the high end of the low end of your guide.
Gina Goetter: That's right. Yes, that's right.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Jefferies.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I guess I want to stick with Wizards of the Coast. If I think beyond 2024, what kind of cadence would we have in digital games? We saw two big games last year. No new ones this year as far as we know. Like what kind of cadence should we expect there on the digital game side? And any clue on the mix between mobile and traditional PC console?
Chris Cocks: Hey, Andrew. Yes, I would say for starting in 2026, we'll probably have one major new digital game that we'll publish. And then ‘27 to ‘30, it'll be anywhere between one to two, depending on how the schedules kind of shake out. From a licensing perspective, I think you should generally see our licensing business after taking maybe a little bit of a step back this year, just given the Baldur's Gate III launch bulge. Take a little bit of step back this year, but then it will grow sequentially every year as we just expand the number of licensors and games like Monopoly Go! continue to mature and become more profitable for us. We're constantly adding new licensors to the mix, so it's a little difficult to give you a lot of precise guidance about kind of like the mix between mobile or kind of like some of like the casino gambling that we that we also licensed to or PC and console. But generally speaking, our license mix tends to be more mobile and casino gambling than it would be PC and console because that's where we're going to tend to focus our publishing efforts.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. That's very helpful. And then on the Universes Beyond sets coming beyond 2024. Is the goal there with Marvel and Final Fantasy to find new audiences to kind of better monetize your current audience or even maybe flip it around a bit? You're great in competitive. I think you're very good in kind of social gaming, but that collector spot of kids just buying cars for fun. Like where are you trying to really target with some of these Universes Beyond sets with Final Fantasy and Marvel?
Chris Cocks: Well, I think it's generally speaking all the above. However, I think the special emphasis for Universes Beyond is new player growth. The Lord of the Rings was by far and away the most successful product at bringing in new players into the franchise that we've ever released. We would anticipate that would be the same or potentially even greater for IPs like Lord of the Rings or Marvel or some of the future things that we have in store. So, it's a great way for us to kind of expand the base of users and grow kind of like future sets over time.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: Thanks. I'd be interested to hear how you guys feel, you have completed the brand pruning process is that largely done, is it still underway, I'm just trying to think about what other headwinds we might have in the future.
Chris Cocks: I would say, good morning, Jaime, I would say it's largely done. There might be one or two more and we would announce those deals within the next month or two. And then I would say moving forward, you should think about us as net brand creators.
Jaime Katz: That’s helpful.
Gina Goetter: Yes, my only add would -- on the cleanup, I would say just kind of the same sentiment holds like we're done with the cleanup. So as we head into ‘24, we're rebuilding, we're building now.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then Gina, I don't think it's been delineated what portion of the cost savings are coming out of cost of goods sold relative to SG&A, my suspicion is most of it's out of that SG&A line. But do you have that bifurcated and an easy way to digest? Thanks.
Gina Goetter: Yes, my very simple would say, yes, you're right, it's about half and half, if I'm looking at the big buckets. And then a little bit that we did in ‘23 on royalty expense, but it's really small change compared to the cost savings we're driving within supply chain and within the managed or operating census. So almost -- it's almost half and half.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Haas with Bank of America.
Jason Haas: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm curious if you could say what our POS was for you guys in 4Q? And then I'm also curious, it sounds like you're expecting the industry could be down as much as 8% in 2024, but then expect it gets back to, I think you said low single digit growth thereafter. So I'm just curious to hear your thoughts on why you think the industry will be down so much and then what needs to change to get it back to growth.
Chris Cocks: Yes, hey, good morning, Jason. In Q4, we were down around 12% or 13% on our internal point of sale measurements. When you factor out some of the exited licenses that we didn't comp, it was more down around negative 9% in the quarter, which roughly tracks around what the industry did. We think the industry did between negative 9% and negative 10%. For the full fiscal year, we were down negative 10% to negative 11% based on our internal point of sale tracking and kind of exited brands. We were down about negative 6%, which again, roughly tracks with kind of what our feeling is for the industry. In terms of our call for industry trends moving forward, I think generally speaking, we think the prevailing trends that existed in the back half of 2023 are likely going to persist into at least the first half of 2024 and probably into the second half of 2024. We still have a little bit of a correction from pre-COVID kind of toy share of wallet that we think we're experiencing in markets like the U.S. We do see growth in places like Latin America and Southeast Asia. And we generally are kind of thinking that once we get through 2024, we're largely past that kind of post-COVID correction and we start getting back into a toy market, which from our planning purposes, we're basically projecting to be around flat and that based on our innovation and the marketing that we're putting together and just the general kind of fundamental health of the business that we're reinjecting into it, that we can grow at that level or likely ahead of that level and build some share, particularly in the categories we're focused on.
Jason Haas: Got it. That's really helpful. And then a follow-up. I was curious if you could help size up how much Baldur's Gate III and Monopoly Go! contributed in 4Q? I need to get some color on it for 2024, but just, yes, just curious. Any more color on what those two contribute as we go through 2024 would be helpful.
Gina Goetter: As we move through 2024, yes. For Monopoly Go! in Q4, it was just the minimum guarantee that we booked in from a revenue standpoint. And Baldur's Gate had another healthy quarter, I think for the year in totality, Baldur's Gate was around $90 million of revenue. So now that you turn the corner into 2024, the front half of the year, you're still going to have the tail from Baldur's GateI II. That's going to stay with us all year. Obviously, not at the same extent that we saw played During Q3 and Q4, but we'll still be selling units and making revenue and profit off of that product. From Monopoly Go! what gets interesting is that based on our forecast, based on how well the game is doing, as we get into the back half of the year, we believe we'll be able to start booking revenue and profit ahead of our minimum guarantee. We don't get into the terms of the contracts and kind of what that royalty rate is, but suffice it to say, as we think about the comp that we're up against and Monopoly Go! in the back half, Monopoly Go! is going to almost get there. Not quite get there, but almost get there and kind of offset the headwind that we have from Baldur's Gate.
Jason Haas: Got it. That's helpful. Just a quick clarification. I think you said earlier that you're expecting, I think you said digital game licenses, I think you said it was it’s going to be flat year-over-year so is that right the full amount of Monopoly Go! And Baldur's Gate III and 2024 should roughly be equivalent to what we saw in 2023.
Gina Goetter: Yes. I think you're saying that right.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Weiser with D.A. Davidson.
Linda Weiser: Yes, hi. So I guess I took from your comment that you said that cash balance would be down in the end of 2024 versus 2023. I take that to mean that operating cash flow minus CapEx minus dividends will be negative. Am I reading that correctly? Do you have a guidance number or range for operating cash flow like you usually give, for 2024?
Gina Goetter: I mean, we haven't officially made a guidance, but it’s going to be, operating cash flow is going to be slightly down versus where we landed the year, strictly because of the inventory benefit that we got. We capture that as part of our ’23 cash flow. In terms of ending cash, it's slightly down. I mean, you could almost argue that ending cash is going to be relatively flat year-over-year, but I mean, it is slightly down and it's slightly down because we're stepping up our capital expense a little bit and then we also have additional charges related to the announcements that we had in December that play in. But no, we don't get to negative, negative free cash.
Linda Weiser: So can you help me understand the change in cash taxes paid and also the change in outflow related to cash restructuring in 2024 versus 2023?
Gina Goetter: The cash, I'm going to have to follow up with you on the cash tax in terms of the cost for restructuring. We paid roughly, I would say, oh, it's $78-ish million in as we move through ‘23 and as we move into 2024, that's going to be roughly, call it $100 million.
Linda Weiser: Okay. That would be for cash restructuring, things like severance and other cash costs.
Gina Goetter: Correct. That's right.
Linda Weiser: Okay. And then, I know that you really want to protect and continue to pay the dividend, but one might argue that Mattel's turnaround really started when they cut the dividend because it gave them, a little bit of flexibility to work down the debt. You really didn't state any leverage targets for 2024 or 2025. Your stock is trading as if the dividend is not safe. So, one might argue that it would really benefit shareholders to at least reduce the dividend so that you could work down the debt a little bit faster. Can you just respond to that idea?
Gina Goetter: I'm going to go back to our prepared comments and both Chris and I remain, and our board remain supportive of our capital allocation strategy, which includes the dividend. And we believe the actions that we've taken both in ’23 and ‘24 to free up cash, support those capital allocation priorities. I hear your point on the delev and getting to those targets faster. We're still committed to getting to those delev targets. We think, though, that fixing the business also is going to free up our ability to hit all of our cap allocation priorities.
Linda Weiser: And then, just my next question is just more operational. I guess one of the things that kind of went wrong, I guess you could say, in 2023 is that the industry POS slowed a lot in the second half, or it wasn't what you would have thought, and that was the same for Mattel. So is there anything about 2024 that if the industry actually gets worse, versus what you're projecting, is there any flexibility or levers that you can use to better reach your financial goals in 2024, even if the industry ends up being different than you thought?
Chris Cocks: Well, I would say our projection for the industry is probably on the more cautious side than what most independent analysts or other toy companies would have. So I think we're going in with the cautious outlook. I also think we have a lot of tools in our quiver in terms of cash liquidity. We've got $1 billion, $1.8 billion of cash liquidity in options. Should we have to get, whether a down quarter or two, that is worse than what we're predicting. And our new management team, I think, is showing quite indebtedness at cost management and supply chain management. So there are levers that we have to pull. We feel quite confident in our ability to execute against our capital allocation priorities, which are investing in the business for long term growth, continuing to give money back to shareholders via our dividend and in achieving our long term deleverage targets, which is 2.5 or less.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Stephen Laszczyk with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Laszczyk: Hey, great. Good morning. One on long term margins and one on CapEx. Maybe first for Gina on margins, just given the new cost efficiency targets, could you update us on your view for what you think the medium to long-term margin opportunity in consumer products is and maybe the path to get there beyond the four to six you guided in 2024? And then just on CapEx, you called out the $225 million in a CapEx for this year. Could you just unpack a little bit more in terms of what that's being invested into and maybe what you think the long-term outlook for CapEx is on an annualized basis beyond some of the initial programs? Thank you.
Gina Goetter: Got it. Okay. Good question, Stephen. And so on margins, overall for the company, we remain committed to getting to that 20% midterm target that I think we put out there at our last Investor Day. As you break down the CP number, we have a lot of momentum on the margin side as we head into this year. I believe as we turn into ‘25 and ‘26, we're continuing to refine, what's happening within our supply chain, what's happening within our cost structure, so that will provide some up list on the margin. But the single biggest thing that's going to help us keep moving to the 10s, to the teens and beyond, on toy, is really volume in our -- in getting back to growth, putting innovation in market that is actually growing our business. That leverage benefit will have the kind of the single biggest impact on that margin line. So I think we have a good line of sight to the margin targets that we put out there for this year. For next, we are anticipating that our margin is going to grow again. The speed with which we move up that scale will really be dependent on how fast we can get over the growth count. In terms of CapEx, that step up that we are seeing this year really is being driven by our investment in digital games. If you think about that breakdown of $225 million, there is roughly half of it goes into our Wizards business. Another I would say, half of that half then is going back into our toy business with the remaining piece that is going into our broad infrastructure. So we are continuing to build capabilities both within just kind of the underpinning of the organization when you think about IT and systems as well as within our broader supply chain.
Chris Cocks: Yes, and just for strategic context, Steven, and thanks by the way for being the anchorman on the questions for us. Our investments in digital and digital gaming, they are foundational to the future of the company. It is something we have been investing in for the last seven years. It is something that I think you should anticipate that we will at least maintain if not grow over the next three to five years. It is going to be a material source of value creation, particularly in the game side of our business moving forward. I think we already see that it can work and work fantastically well with what we have been doing with licensing partners, particularly with Monopoly Go! and Baldur's Gate III last year and great acquisitions like we made with D&D Beyond. And I think you are going to see more and more value creation as we go through ‘24, ‘25 and into ‘26.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude our question and answer session and also conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Hasbro’s Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This time, all participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro’s Chief Executive Officer; and Gina Goetter, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Gina providing commentary on the company’s performance. And then, we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our Investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures. Today’s guidance assumes we retain the non-core entertainment Film and TV business, notwithstanding our recently announced agreement with Lionsgate to sell this business. That transaction is subject to customary closing conditions. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Debbie, and good morning. A year ago, we outlined a strategy to grow share in key categories with our core toy and game franchises. We called it fewer, bigger, better, drive savings and investment capacity through operational excellence, and build new growth for the company across games, direct-to-consumer and licensing. We also announced our intention to refocus on what has traditionally made us great, the business of play. This required making tough choices, including some significant divestitures. The goal of this plan, Blueprint 2.0 was a more focused, profitable and higher growth Hasbro built on a portfolio of some of the most valuable brands in the toy and games industry. We've made progress against this framework, including impressive growth in Wizards and Digital, continued momentum in direct-to-consumer and share gains in key categories. But as our Q3 results show, particularly in our Consumer Products segment, more needs to be done. This morning, we will talk about progress on each pillar and add a special emphasis on a key part of our plan, returning consumer products to growth. Let's start with refocusing on Play. Play is what makes our brands great and our company healthy. The sale of one film and TV, which continues to be on track for an end of year close, will simplify our operating model and refocus Hasbro on our core mission. Moving forward, our entertainment efforts will be franchise-led and asset-light, focused on driving toy and game sales with support from world-class content partners. We have over 30 projects in development from blockbuster movies like the upcoming Transformers 1 with Paramount to an animated Magic series with Netflix to digital-first IT development like our new YouTube series odd pause. The margin and simplification benefits of refocusing on Play will grow over time as our teams build innovative next-generation toy games reinforced by cost-effective and partner-led content. Next, operational excellence, where we are making solid progress, but need to accelerate flow through. Our cost savings initiatives have already exceeded our 2023 savings targets of $150 million. This year, we anticipate total gross savings of approximately $200 million, dollars we are using to fund short-term inventory reductions and product promotions in a toy market facing headwinds and to invest long-term in new consumer insight capabilities and our growth initiatives. Importantly, our supply chain team is reinventing itself. In a time where inflation is up over 4%, our logistics and production costs are down mid-single digits. Supply chain alone is driving approximately $100 million of the full year's expected savings, and we see more opportunities ahead to enhance our gross margins while improving the quality and competitiveness of our toys and games. For instance, we'll be releasing a new version of Jenga, it will be of comparable quality but lower cost and higher margin, all based on a fresh design for cost model. We are replicating this up and down our line. Our revamped supply chain is helping us get smarter on inventory management. Through Q3, Hasbro's total inventory is down 27% year-over-year, with a 34% reduction in our CP business. We anticipate we'll end the year with inventories 20% to 25% below 2022 levels. This should enable us to improve cash flow and lower our allowances in the quarters to come. Given the headwinds facing our Consumer Products segment, the flow-through to the bottom line on these initiatives has not materialized as quickly as anticipated. So we plan to accelerate our efforts heading into 2024. We expect to achieve our 2025 goal of $250 million to $300 million in gross cost savings earlier than expected, and we'll use these incremental savings and healthier inventory position to flow more cash directly to the bottom line, particularly in CP. Next, our growth initiatives, which are broadly on track. Wizards of the Coast in digital gaming is up 11% year-to-date. MAGIC: THE GATHERING is delighting tens of millions of fans with new concepts like Universes Beyond, which combine MAGIC with fan favorite IP like Lord of the Rings and Dr. Hugh [ph]. Universe is Beyond is a long-term multiproperty strategy that is already delivering collector excitement and new player growth. Last week, we announced a new collaboration with the beloved video game series Fallout and stop tree orders climbed number one in the toy game charts over the weekend on Amazon. And on Monday, we expanded our partnership with the Walt Disney Company with the announcement of a multiset Magic and Marvel collaboration. Expect more exciting news and previews in the quarters to come. D&D is expanding into a digitally driven multimedia franchise. Baldur's Gate 3, the new video game from Larian Studios, based on D&D first edition is one of the best-selling games of 2023 and one of the highest rated video games of all time with metacritic reviews equivalent to mega franchises like Grand Theft Auto and the Legend of Zelda. Our success in digital is in just contains the world of core gaming. MONOPOLY GO! from our partners at Scopely is the number one mobile game launch of 2023. Combined, Hasbro expects to generate in excess of $90 million in license revenue from these two properties this year with a multiyear long tail anticipated. These were long-term thoughtful partnerships. Each game was signed pre-2018, and we have several more of these kinds of projects in the pipeline including new games from our own internal studios, which we'll be sharing more about in the coming months. Our direct-to-consumer business is up 57% year-to-date. Hasbro Pulse is a modest-sized platform today, but is scaling rapidly, giving us a new avenue to delight bands and learn from our consumers. We're excited to continue to grow our direct initiatives behind brands like Star Wars, Marvel, Transformers, MAGIC, GI Joe, D&D and Power Rangers, one of the best lineups of IP in the collectible space. And we continue to scale our industry-leading licensing business across an array of brands and categories from PEPPA PIG to Transformers, education to location-based entertainment. Next, growing share in key categories. In Q3, we grew share in four of five of our key categories: preschool, action, blasters and arts and crafts. Driving this, we have several brands that are going well. In gaming, Magic and D&D are having record years. MONOPOLY is back to growth, recently reclaiming the title of the top-selling board game brand. New innovation like TWISTER AIR is driving genre expansion and board games. Transformers point of sale is up over 30% year-over-year, and PLAY-DOH is also showing solid gains. GI Joe continues to be a fan favorite and growth driver for our Pulse business, and FURBY is off to a strong start, one of the hottest new toy interruptions of the holiday. But we have challenges and other brands that weigh on our results, particularly in our Consumer Products business. Let's now turn to how we return this key segment back to growth. We went into 2023, expecting a toy category down low single-digits for the year. We expected Hasbro performance to be broadly in line with market, minus our exited licenses and business. Year-to-date, our point of sale is roughly in line with category. However, market performance has been more challenging than planned. Our internal POS system shows total point of sale down negative 8% through Q3, roughly equivalent to our view of the total toy market or negative 4% when accounting for exited licenses. We saw the category soften during Q3 to negative 10%, again, roughly equivalent to our view of market or negative 5% when accounting for discontinued licenses. Our share is up in our core categories. Our work on operational efficiency means our performance versus market is the best it's been in several years, but we are facing headwinds. In any market scenario, we think the holiday will be late breaking and heavily deal reliant. So we're taking the necessary steps to position our portfolio for continued share growth, exiting the year with momentum for our brands and ensuring our inventory health is back to historical norms. Our guidance is based on a cautious outlook, but we are prepared to take advantage of any opportunities presented. We are investing in Q4 to drive continued share momentum, including maintaining our advertising and promotions budgets at competitive levels and working with retail partners to excite consumers with compelling deals. We are accelerating our cost savings initiatives to reduce overhead and see near-term flow-through in operating margins. And we continue to invest in product innovation behind a new leadership team in toy that will expand this into new play patterns, price points and market opportunities in the months ahead. Our long-term capital priorities guide our decision-making for these near-term decisions, invest to grow the business pay down our debt, maintain a healthy balance sheet and return cash to shareholders via our category-leading dividend. Consistent with these priorities, we are investing to ensure our toy business exits the year with healthy inventories, continued share momentum and a clear runway for new product introductions in 2024. Wrapping up our results in Q3 show we are making progress across many of our key initiatives, but that we also have more to do, particularly in returning consumer products to growth. Hasbro strength is the diversity of our brands across both toy and game, our Wizards and Digital business continues to demonstrate impressive growth with smart bed coming to fruition this year and lots to be excited about in the years to come. We are likewise investing in toy to strengthen this business for the long-term. A healthy toy business is a healthy Hasbro. I'd like to now turn over the call to Gina Goetter, our Chief Financial Officer, to share more about our detailed results and an update on guidance. Gina?
Gina Goetter: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. The Hasbro team continues to make progress in transforming our company, building a world-class gaming business, streamlining and improving the profitability of our consumer products and strengthening our balance sheet. Our third quarter results demonstrate the growth potential across our diversified gaming portfolio, offset by the tough macro environment across toys and entertainment. Despite market headwinds, we are growing share in the categories where we compete and are beginning to see the benefits of our cost savings initiatives played through the P&L. Total Hasbro revenue of $1.5 billion was down 10% versus last year. Wizards of the Coast in digital gaming revenue increased 40% behind strong contribution from Baldur's Gate 3, MONOPOLY GO! and MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Consumer products declined 18% due to macro category trends and planned business exits. Excluding these exits, the segment finished down 12%. The entertainment segment declined 42% due to the rider and actor strike impact. Adjusted operating profit of $343 million increased 27% versus last year. The increase was the result of favorable product mix, most notably high-margin digital game revenues as well as lower royalty and operating expenses. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.64 increased 15% versus last year, reflecting the higher operating profit, partially offset by incremental interest expense and an unfavorable tax rate impact. The adjusted results exclude $512 million of cumulative pre-tax impact associated with the loss on assets held for sale and to a lesser extent, one-time charges for the operational excellence program. Looking at our brand performance. Our Franchise Brands grew 8% in the quarter and were flat year-to-date. These brands represent our biggest and most profitable brands and are just over 60% of our revenue. Within Franchise Brands, we delivered significant Q3 revenue growth across gaming, including DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, Hasbro Gaming and MAGIC. Partner Brands declined year-over-year after strong performance from Marvel and Star Wars in 2022. Partnerships like we have with the Walt Disney Company remain a key priority for us and we expect results to improve in the quarters ahead as we expand our partner brand lines and categories like our just announced collaboration with Marvel and MAGIC. Turning to operating margin. Third quarter adjusted operating margin of 22.8% was 6.7 margin points higher than last year. The profit impact from the volume decline and consumer products was offset by favorable mix growth in licensed digital gaming and Magic. Supply chain cost savings outpaced inflation and delivered 1.9 points of margin growth. Operating expenses also contributed 1.4 points behind labor and lower royalty expense for exited licenses. Lower advertising spend contributed 1.7 margin points of improvement as we align spend to current demand. That said, we will continue to invest in advertising and marketing to drive sales this holiday season. Finally, lower entertainment deliveries resulted in a decline in program amortization expense that contributed 1.5 points margin. Our transformation activities are delivering real savings in our P&L. Having begun these programs last year, we have a strong start on resetting the cost base for the company, and the savings are helping us navigate a softer toy market. Year-to-date, we have accumulated $62 million of gross cost savings within supply chain and an additional $92 million of gross savings within operating expense. The combined $154 million of gross cost savings this year are more than offsetting supply chain cost inflation and allowing us to reinvest in the business and partially defray the higher cost to move through inventory. Cumulatively, since we began the savings program last year, we have reduced our cost base and delivered gross savings of $174 million. This progress puts us on track to meet our long-term gross savings goals earlier than expected, and we will be doubling down as we continue to focus on streamlining our operations and improving the profitability within toys. We continue to make progress in lowering inventory levels. We've reduced total owned inventory 27% versus prior year, primarily driven by a 34% reduction in the Consumer Products segment inventory. From a retail inventory perspective, their inventory was down 18% year-over-year, but up sequentially versus last quarter as they set through the holiday season. As we look to the balance of the year, we remain focused on ensuring we have a clean start to 2024, both in owned and retail inventory levels and we'll continue remaining agile in taking actions to stay in sync with broader category momentum. Looking more closely at segment performance within the quarter. Wizard segment revenue increased 40% versus last year. 23 points the growth was led by licensed digital gaming revenue from BG3 and to a lesser extent, MONOPOLY GO! The revenue for Baldur's Gate is realized along with unit sales whereas in the near term, MONOPOLY GO! has a straight-line revenue recognition based on the total multiyear contract minimum guarantee. Cable top revenue, which includes both MAGIC and D&D added 14 points of growth, driven by timing releases, including an incremental magic release in this quarter versus last year. The growth in high-margin license digital gaming drove a 99% increase in total segment operating profit versus last year and expanded operating profit margin by 14.3 percentage points. Turning to the Consumer Products segments. The overall toy category was down 8% in the quarter, according to Sakana versus 6% through the first part of the year. Despite the category headwinds, we gained share in four of our five key categories, including action figures, arts and crafts, preschool and blasters. Overall, Consumer Products segment rev was down 18% versus last year. Looking at the key drivers for the quarter, 6 points of the revenue decline was driven by planned license exits. Another 12 points of decline was driven by toy and game volume given the broad category trends. 2 points of decline came from pricing and mix, driven by additional closeout costs as we've worked through higher inventory levels. FX had a favorable 2-point impact in the segment. The segment adjusted operating margin declined 1.4 margin points, primarily driven by unfavorable mix and higher inventory obsolescence and closeout costs. Turning to the Entertainment segment. In the quarter, revenue declined 42%, primarily as a result of the writers and actors strikes. Partially offsetting this was 53% revenue growth in Family Brands, driven by content sales primarily for PEPPA PIG and Power Rangers. Adjusted operating profit increased 37% and margin expanded 3.8 margin points to 6.6% due to the exited businesses, lower program amortization and operating expenses. The E1 film and TV assets to be sold has delivered approximately $400 million of revenue year-to-date, which is down approximately 20% versus last year. Full year earnings are expected to be breakeven to a modest loss. We've received the expected regulatory approvals for the sale of E1 film and TV and remain on track to close the deal by the end of the year. Wrapping up with Hasbro Inc., we delivered $335 million of operating cash year-to-date, which is $73 million ahead of last year, driven by working capital improvements led by the reduction in inventory combined with lower production costs within the Entertainment segment. Our cash and cash equivalents of $186 million does not include approximately $70 million of cash recorded in assets held for sale, the substantial majority of which we expect to stay with Hasbro upon the close of the transaction. Including this, it brings our cash on hand to approximately $250 million, up from $217 million in Q2 2023. Through Q3, we repaid $107 million of long-term debt and spent $160 million on capital expenditures led by investments in Wizards of the Coast for future digital gaming releases. And we've returned $291 million of capital to our shareholders via dividends. In the quarter, we booked a 23.2% adjusted underlying tax rate, which compares to 19.9% last year. The higher rate continues to be the result of our film and TV losses and a shift in the geographical mix of income. Turning to our 2023 guidance. The impact of the broader toy category declines has had a change in our consumer products and total Hasbro outlook. Based on this, we now expect total Hasbro Inc. revenue to be down 13% to 15%. As we look at the three primary segments, this guidance now assumes that the consumer products business will be down mid- to high teens. Based on the category trend in Q3, we are planning for modest improvement in Q4 as we begin to lap the market declines from last year. We believe that retailers will remain cautious with their inventory positions which will have an impact on typical holiday order patterns. We continue to expect that Wizards of the Coast will deliver high single-digit revenue growth behind the strong performance within digital games and solid performance on MAGIC. The majority of the revenue from BG3 was realized in Q3. We expect a modest positive contribution to revenue from the game in Q4, as it will continue to be recorded in line with unit sales. MONOPOLY GO! Q4 revenue will be consistent with Q3, given the accounting methodology. As Chris said, in total, we expect the aggregate contribution from these two licensed games to be more than $90 million for the full year. And finally, for entertainment, we continue to expect revenue declines of 25% to 30%, which incorporates the impact of the writers and actors strikes section deliveries in the back half of the year. Minus these assets held for sale, we expect total company revenue declines of 8% to 11% for the year. Adjusted operating margin is now expected to be between 13% and 13.5%. This guidance reflects the impact of the CP revenue call down and includes additional one-time cost to clear aged inventory on Hasbro's balance sheet, continued share momentum and reset the foundation heading into next year. This margin guidance includes a step-up in the in-year gross cost savings from our transformation efforts to $200 million. And as we look to 2024, we expect to continue accelerating our savings efforts to improve the profitability across toys and games. Given the revenue call down, we now expect 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $900 million to $950 million. And based on this current forecast, we expect to generate $500 million to $600 million of operating cash flow. From a capital allocation standpoint, our priorities are to invest behind the business, pay down debt and return excess cash to shareholders via dividends. We remain committed to our dividend strategy and advancing our progress towards achieving an overall two and 2.5 times long-term leverage target. As I said earlier, we are making good progress on our transformation and the work we've done to date has us positioned to build on our gaming leadership and strengthen our toy business. We believe the toy market will stabilize and return to growth. Our near-term focus is on executing the holiday season, resetting the cost base, moving complexity and sharpening the innovation pipeline for 2024 and 2025. Chris and I will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler from ROTH MKM. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good morning and thanks for the question. With regards to Wizards. So third quarter exceeded expectations, at least relative to consensus, you kept the full year guidance for Wizards intact, which would mean people have to lower their fourth quarter numbers, but everything is to be going well there. Is this just a matter of maybe Baldur's Gate 3 being more front-end loaded than expected, or is there something else that you're being a little bit more conservative on?
Chris Cocks: Eric. Good morning. Yes, Q3 met our expectations. We had the great fortune of being able to play Baldur's Gate for a while now and had a pretty good high expectations about its performance. I think relative to how the analyst community was modeling it, I think you all put it a little more back loaded and it's going to be a little bit more front loaded than I think the model has indicated. That said, we see a long tail associated with Baldur's Gate and likewise a very lucrative and long tail for MONOPOLY GO! as well. So it will be a nice annuity for us.
Gina Goetter: This is Gina. The only thing I'd add as color is when -- in our prepared remarks, we talked a bit about the revenue recognition. So for BG3, it -- that revenue is getting recognized as those units are being delivered. So as Chris said, heavy in Q3, just given what kind of the overall launch of the game and then as we move through Q4 and into next year, there will be a tail.
Eric Handler: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, with MONOPOLY GO! , it's the number one revenue-generating mobile game in the world right now. I would assume it's doing well ahead of what expectations are. So what needs to happen for minimums to be exceeded?
Chris Cocks: We can't go into a huge amount of detail on the deal. However, the deal is structured such that Scopely is incentivized to spend on marketing for it. So typically, for the first year or two of a major mobile release, you spend a lot on marketing, you scale the game. The game gets to a steady state, and then the marketing as a percentage of total sales goes down to something more sustainable. And that's basically what's happening here. So effectively think about our royalties as the net of store participation and a fairly high percentage of marketing. So for the first couple of years, you're basically dealing with minimum guarantees. And as the game starts to get to maturity and those marketing and the marketing kind of goes down to a more normalized level, your participation as a licensor goes up. And if the game performs like we all hope it's going to perform and that it's performing now, it could be a dramatic improvement as well.
Eric Handler: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hey, good morning. Can you guys talk a little bit about the products that you are keeping and not pruning in the consumer products category that maybe didn't perform up to expectations? And then maybe give us a road map of what you expect for turnaround time in that CP category as we work through some of these changes? Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Thanks. Good morning, Jaime. Thanks for the question. Well, our franchise brands are pretty core to the company, and they kind of are tied to each of our key categories. So in action figures, you have transformers, secondarily, Power Rangers, in outdoor and blasters, you certainly have NERF, in creativity in arts and crafts, you have PLAY-DOH. In preschool, we have PEPPA PIG and then in games, we have a pretty substantial portfolio across MONOPOLY, CLU, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and D&D. And that's in addition to all the wonderful partner brands we have like our partnership with Walt Disney across Marvel and Star Wars and then, of course, with Cartomi [ph] on BEYBLADE, which is another important partner product for us as well. In terms of what's performing well, I think we covered that in the comments. We have several winners that are helping us drive category share. Transformers, I think is having a fantastic year. And I think it's really a case study on how to do movie and product integration really, really well. That brand is up 30% year-over-year. And during the movie window, was up over 90%. PLAY-DOH continues to drive great kind of price value and product innovation and is driving share for us in creativity. I think our games portfolio is second to none and is really broad-based across genres and player demographics, I think where we need to see more improvement, frankly, is in NERF. We're up in share in the blaster category. But we need to do a better job bringing innovation and price value into that category. And then likewise, I think we say outdoor and blasters for a reason, we need to expand NERF beyond just thinking about a dart. We need to think about more ways that we can engage kids and families in active play across more scenarios, and I think you'll be seeing more from that for us. And then our partner brands, I think we're having a little bit of a retrenchment this year after a record year for Marvel last year and a really strong year for Star Wars. I think we have a lot of plans with Disney to expand categories like our just announced partnership on Marvel and MAGIC. And then likewise, we have a new version of BEYBLADE that's coming out next year that we're pretty bullish on, particularly based on the initial sales that they've seen in the launch in Japan.
Jaime Katz: And as far as sort of remedying that category and returning to growth, do you see that as a first half 2024 phenomenon, second half 2024 phenomenon, or is there some more work that really needs to be addressed before we see that?
Chris Cocks: Well, Tim Kilpin came on board about five or six months ago to lead toy for us. He's a 40-year toy veteran, who's helped to champion and found multiple billion-dollar categories and led some of the biggest franchises in toys. I think typically, a new leader needs 18 to 24 months to make a big impact on the product line. I think they can do more tactically in terms of what we do with our partners and how we go about going to market. So I think you'll see the impact of Tim and his new leadership team kind of slow out through 2024 and expand as we go into 2025. And then I think the market is another factor inside of that as well. Certainly, we've been seeing headwinds in the toy category year-to-date. And we're expecting a relatively unpredictable market going into Q4. But consider us long-term bulls on toy, we see this market going back to kind of the historical growth rate of 2% to 3%. We see a very high demand for play. And we think Hasbro is well positioned as the most diversified toy and game company in the industry. And so regardless of which way the market goes, I think that diversification will play well for us.
Gina Goetter: What I build on the time line there as you think about the steps in a turnaround, what we're doing this quarter in the call for the year is we’re really cleaning up and resetting the foundation for toy. As we head into 2024, there's going to be a kind to be kind of a very focused view on profitability and how do we quickly reset the profitability of that business, while we're going through and kind of reducing complexity, as Chris said, kind of clearing the decks and getting ready for new and sharper innovation as we move to the back end of next year and into 2025. So taking the market out of it and the unpredictability of the market, in our categories where we compete, we are going to do that. We're going to remain aggressive. We're going to compete, and we're going to work to grow share. That's how you should think about just the cadence is really resets. We're going to get after profitability in 2024 and get ready for a sharper innovation pipeline and 2025.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum: Thanks. Hey, guys. Good morning. Chris. Can you remind us what the content road map looks like for MAGIC in 4Q? And how you grow the franchise in 2024 as you lap appears to be some tougher comps? And then I have a follow-up.
Chris Cocks: Yes, sure. So for Wizards in the fourth quarter, we have another Lord of the Ring set that will be coming out. We think that will be a bit smaller than what we had in Q2, but pretty solid. We also have a new premier set called The Lost Caverns of Ixalan, and we just had another universe beyond kind of commander release for Doctor Who. As we think about 2024, yeah, I mean, MAGIC had a great year, another record year in 2023. But we've been having record years for 13 out of the last 14 years on MAGIC.  As I would think about 2024, I certainly think we'll have some more universes beyond releases. As we said, we were surprised on the upside in terms of the initial demand and fan reaction to fall out, which should come into Q1. In Q2, I think we have that comp with Lord of the Rings, but we'll have another set coming out called Modern Horizon 3. And we had key sets in the history of MAGIC that have done $200 million, Lord of the Rings which officially passed $200 million earlier this week and Modern Horizons 2, which was our previous $200 million set. So we feel pretty good about Modern Horizons 3 and I think it also should be noted, you know, given that's not royalty bearing and tends to be more of a collector's product. It also is a pretty nice operating profit opportunity for us as well. And then the back half of the year we have other sets that we haven't yet announced yet, so I don't want the Wizards team to get mad at me. But generally speaking, you know, we have about six to seven premier sets per year and we'll be lapping that in 2024.
Drew Crum: Got it. Okay. Very helpful. And then as a follow-up, just curious if you could update us on the status of the Marvel license. It was good to hear the partnership with Disney and MAGIC. But can you address the company's commitment to retaining this license approach as its renewal? Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Well, I can certainly talk from our side. We -- Walt Disney is our most valuable partnership. It's something that we meet with regularly. We put a lot of product innovation. We put a lot of marketing. We put some of our best people against it. And we're expanding that relationship aggressively across more categories, across more brands, whether they are standalone brands like we do for Star Wars and the Avengers or co-brands, like we're doing with MAGIC and Marvel. So it's certainly something that we value and are leaning into. And I think you'll see growth from for us over the mid and long-term.
Drew Crum: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Haas with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Haas: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. So I just want to check some of the math on MONOPOLY GO! and Baldur's Gate 3 and what it implies for 4Q. So I think you said that for the full year, you're expecting over $90 million from both MONOPOLY GO! and Baldur's Gate 3. And you saw, I think it was $63 million in 3Q. So that implies maybe $30 million or so comes in 4Q, which would be -- I'm getting like maybe like an 8 or 9 percentage point tailwind to Wizards revenue in 4Q. Then your guidance -- you left the guidance for high single-digit growth. So that would imply that ex those two licenses, you would see Wizards revenue down like 8% or 9% in 4Q. So one, do I have those numbers right? And if that's correct, why are we seeing that decline in 4Q? Is it a function of timing of the releases or something else? Is it just conservatism? If you could help explain that would be helpful.
Chris Cocks: I'll start really fast and then I'll turn it over to Gina. We see broad-based growth in Wizards for the fourth quarter. So if in kind of doing math camp on the numbers, I think you can get a general tone of cautiousness in our outlook, just given the unpredictability of the near-term market. In terms of your detailed questions, Jason, I'll turn it over to Gina to take you through kind of how we're thinking about it.
Gina Goetter: Yes, Jason, good question. And you've got the math generally right on how to think about Baldur's Gate and MONOPOLY GO! in the fourth quarter. What isn't right is how you're thinking about MAGIC. So as Chris said, from overall, Wizards will be growing, MAGIC will be growing as well in the fourth quarter. I think the pieces that you're probably not thinking through some of the other businesses that are rolling up through. So D&D, I think it's down a tick in the fourth quarter. But overall, how you're modeling Baldur's Gate and MONOPOLY GO! is correct.
Jason Haas: Got it. Thank you. And then as a follow-up question, are you able to size up how much headwind you saw from destocking this year in the Consumer Products business. And my thought there is just as we think about our models for next year, is there an embedded uplift to revenue in 2024 as you lap over some of this destocking, or was the destocking that we saw just a reflection of more of a return to normalcy because there was restocking in the first half or so of last year? Any color on that would be helpful.
Gina Goetter: Yes, good question. And I think there's a little bit of both that we will talk to from a modeling standpoint. The one-time you're going to see a lot in fourth quarter, and that was what was embedded in our updated margin guide here. And I would put that at roughly, call it, $50-ish million of onetime cost that is -- that we're putting in either move through inventory at the retailer level, extra marketing to move through the inventory, extra obsolescence cost. So call that roughly a $50 million headwind this year that I would expect as we turn the corner into 2024 becomes a tailwind for us. And to your point, there's always going to be some level of kind of promotion and obsolete all of that as we kind of reset into 2024, but that's $50 million, I would call out as one-time in nature for this year.
Jason Haas: Got it. And that sounds like that's on the cost side. Is there -- was there a revenue headwind from the destocking, or should we think about it more really impacted on…
Gina Goetter: I'm putting that all -- yes, I'm putting that somewhat in that $50 million number. Yes.
Jason Haas: Okay. All right. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions are from the line of Megan Alexander with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Megan Alexander: Yes. I guess maybe just a follow-up on that on the top line. So given that quick math would suggest maybe from that toy and game volume piece, it's a low double-digit decline this year. And similarly in the fourth quarter. So from a top line perspective, can you just maybe put a finer point on how the outlet of Consumer Products segment was changed as it relates to inventory destocking? And I know it's early, but how you're thinking about the puts and takes for that segment in terms of sales next year. Presumably, you get the planned exits back, hopefully, we're not seeing any more inventory management into next year. And so the wildcard seems to be that toy and game volume line. So can you just help us understand maybe a little bit of how 4Q changed and what you get back next year?
Gina Goetter: Sure. What we get back next year, I'm going to go back to the previous answer, $50 million is really the number that I would put in your model of onetime costs that we're not expecting to repeat, we're using that to try to get as clean as we can for 2024. As we think about the revenue decline when we said mid- to high teens for the toy business for the year for the CP segment for the year, there's probably 3 or 4 points that decline that are associated with just us accelerating some of this move through of inventory from like a pure revenue standpoint, I would say, call it, 3 to 4 points of that is this acceleration. On the bottom line, it's $50 million.
Megan Alexander: Right. And 3 to 4 points is relative to the prior guide?
Gina Goetter: No, to our updated guide.
Megan Alexander: Right. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. And then for the cost savings, $200 million this year, I think you implied you could get to $300 million next year. How much of that from a net perspective is flowing through to the bottom line this year? And what should we expect for next year?
Gina Goetter: Well, perhaps too cheeky about it. But I think in short, none of it is flowing to the bottom line this year just given that it's all going to move through the kind of the inventory line. So I would say there's zero kind of margin impact from the cost saves next year. And one of our big focus areas internally is moving us from talking about gross savings to talking about net savings, as a key area of focus as we move into 2024. Next year will be the year where you'll start to see real margin acceleration from all of those cost savings initiatives. But I mean, this year, it's all going to inventory. And we have -- so I should also elaborate to say we are making investments in our growth initiatives. So some of it didn't go to invest buying digital games. Some of it went to invest behind new capabilities that were aligned with strategies such as like analytics that we had talked about earlier in the year, but anything else is going against the inventory line.
Chris Cocks: Yes, I would say it's about half for long-term, half for short term. And Megan, I think as you think about it for next year, we'll be leaning in more, and we actively are now. And I think you'll start seeing the flow-through of that probably in the later part of Q1 and building into Q2 and Q3.
Megan Alexander: Okay. Awesome. Very helpful. Thank you both.
Operator: Our question comes from the line of Stephen Laszczyk with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Laszczyk: Hey, great. Thank you. Maybe just a follow-up on cost efficiencies for Gina. You're making some good progress on that front. Could you maybe talk a little bit more about the areas of the cost structures where you feel like you're particularly making progress? And if there's any potential upside to the $300 million as we go through the course of next year? And then maybe one for Chris, on digital, away from Baldur's Gate and MONOPOLY GO!, could you talk a little bit more about the pipeline or momentum you're seeing in other games that could potentially make an outsized contribution to growth in the digital segment over the next few quarters? Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Thank you. I’ll refer to Gina first and then I'll follow up with digital.
Gina Goetter: Okay. So on the cost savings side, I think we're making really good progress across our supply chain, particularly this year in 2023. Our focus has been within logistics. So the majority of the cost saves within supply chain have come through that logistics space. As we look at 2024 and potential upside to the $300 million, I'm not going to commit to a number right now in 2024, but I will commit to bullishness and our ability to deliver and overdeliver that number. There's a few areas of focus for us as we move into next year. So within the supply chain, this year was logistics. Next year, it's going to be more about procurement and manufacturing. So that's -- there's some low-hanging fruit there that we'll continue to drive after within the supply chain. Also on complexity and just getting complexity out of the network, really focusing on our most profitable and kind of effective and efficient SKUs, taking cost out of the products as we think about designing our product and designing to value that is going to generate some good savings for us and really improve the profitability of our toy business. And then lastly, on the corporate overhead, we have made some progress on that in 2023, reducing the overall overhead structure. There is more to do there. And we will see that slow in the early part of 2024.
Chris Cocks: Yes. And Stephen, on digital, a couple of things to note. So definitely, there will be a long tail on Baldur's Gate 3 and a multiyear long tail on MONOPOLY GO!. I think those two versus the $90 million this year will take a step back, but it's nowhere near 100% step back. You're probably talking maybe a 40% haircut on what we achieved this year, but tailed out across four quarters. And then we have new deals in development all the time. So I consider digital licensing a very bullish case for Hasbro. There's a lot of demand for our IP and it's everything from integrations with Roblox and Minecraft to a variety of new mobile games and PC and console games. And then I think as you think about beyond 2024 into 2025 and beyond, I definitely think what MONOPOLY Go and D&D with Baldur's Gate 3 showed is there is a very, very high demand from our fans for new digital content. We are seeing that in terms of our own internal studios and in the collaborations that we have. So Baldur's Gate 3 is not going to be a one-off. There will be more great D&D style content and MONOPOLY GO! if it scales the way that I think it's coming right now, that is going to be a very long-lived and lucrative game for Scopely and Hasbro.
Stephen Laszczyk: Got it. And just to make sure I got the 2024 math on Baldur's Gate, MONOPOLY GO!, correct, it sounds like maybe $10 million a quarter in tailwind from those 2 properties, 40% of the 9-year, 300 million from this year. Is that correct?
Chris Cocks: Yes, rep and tough, that would be a decent one to have.
Stephen Laszczyk: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Going back to a little bit near term for a second. You mentioned taking share in key categories you're in for Q4 and your consumer products business is down something like 17% implied for Q4 based on the guidance today. And even when you remove exited licenses, that's still down double digit in underlying in terms of shipments. Does that imply lower industry POS than the 10% we've seen so far, maybe a little bit worse into October. But how are you taking share against that? That means the industry's probably a little bit worse versus what you're doing. Could you just talk to that for a second? I have a quick follow-up.
Chris Cocks: Well, I would say short-term, we have a cautious outlook on the holiday. And I think anyone who says they know how the holiday is going to go. They must have a crystal ball because this has been a tough one to predict. That said, we're long-term goals on where is going to go. It's a resilient category, and we definitely think it's going to come back. For the short-term, given the unpredictability, we're taking a cautious outlook on our view of the market and in our view of our execution. We’re leaning in, we're going to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves, and we think we're going to build share as a result of that. But I don't think we have a real solid view on where the market is going to go other than is going to be late breaking and heavily deal focused. And the nature of it being late breaking, I think, is going to change the relationship between sell-in and sell-through. So I think replan is going to be on the later side of the holiday. And likely, if the holiday does better than maybe what our cautious outlook does, that will be a tailwind for Q1.
Arpine Kocharyan: Okay. Thank you, Chris. And then a quick follow-up in terms of operating profit structure for 2024, you're exiting, obviously, a very low margin business with entertainment at the same time base just came down quite a bit for 2023, and you have long-term target that's far above that 13%. Could you talk through maybe 2024 margin puts and takes as we think over the next 12 months, really?
Chris Cocks: Yes. I'll give you a quick 20-second overview and then turn it over to Gina for the details. We see a pretty near-term snapback for our margins, given some of the short-term investments we're making in the holiday to drive share and keep momentum going and some very solid benefits both our operational excellence program in terms of our cost structure and simplification of exiting the majority of entertainment. So I think we maintain bullishness on our ability to achieve our long-term margin targets.
Gina Goetter: Yes, the additional color I'd add to -- I keep coming back to the $50 million number. That's a couple of margin points that come back to us next year. We also have the D&D impairment that if you remember, we took that in Q2 of last year, that was a material onetime item that comes back to us. So there's just some kind of -- I would put that in the camp of accounting good guys or is that bad guys this year that become good guys for us next year that help us on the margin front? And then as we think about toy and being laser focused on improving the profitability on toy, the kind of all the work on complexity, all of the work on the cost structure on overhead, et cetera, will kind of accelerate our efforts on the margin front through the first part of next year.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Chris, I guess this question is probably for you because I think you were here when the game started. Licensing games from toys and movies isn't really anything new, but it feels like we're seeing bigger and better successes today. Just curious why you think that is? And like what is Hasbro doing to enabling that? Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Yes. Hey, no worries Andrew. Yes, Baldur's Gate 3 was my first deal at Wizards of the Coast. I think I went out to get had dinner with spent at Larian [ph] like in the fall of 2016, and we inked a deal in 2017. So I'm pretty proud about how everything kind of turned out. That's nice to see when you make a long-term bet. I think what you saw this year with video games and mobile games and movies whether on the video game side, it's a MONOPOLY GO!, which is the number one mobile game release of 2023, Baldur's Gate 3, which I think is sitting at a 96 Metacritic [ph] score on PC and console or in movies, whether it's the ongoing success of Transformers, the Barbie movie, Mario, is that there's a high demand for play-based brands and play-based brands are really becoming the dominant brands about how people engage and what people love. I was a shocking stack that I should have known better because it just mimics my lifestyle. Sakana came up with a report that showed the biggest demographic of video gamers today isn't sub 22-year-old. It's people 45 years and older. And it's also the fastest-growing demographic of gamers in the world. So I'm pretty bullish on the industry of play on the strength of brand portfolios that are based on play. And I think Hasbro has a deck of cards in terms of our brands and our capabilities that I wouldn't trade with anyone. I think that's a long-term bull case for the company and for the industry as a whole.
Andrew Uerkwitz: And then just as a follow-up, and I appreciate that answer. How do you -- how will you balance or try to balance the -- your well versing games, these things aren't necessarily like the toy cycle where it takes a lot longer and time and money. How do you kind of balance that with the traditional nature of Hasbro, which is trying to get everything ready for a particular holiday season?
Chris Cocks: Well, I mean, we have two separate business units that have 2 very different go-to-markets. But when combined together under one roof creates a very well-diversified portfolio. That can help us weather ups and downs in any given category or any given set of market conditions. So I think especially with something like this holiday, where the market remains rather unpredictable. It's great to have diversification, and it's a real strength of the company. We're fortunate in that Wizards of the Coast is a very margin-rich business that's highly cash generative effectively based on Wizards of the Coast and our digital licensing revenue, we can self-fund a fairly significant set of long-term capital investments and we've diversified that risk pretty effectively between licensing, Games as a Services, our tabletop business and our own internal publishing build-out. And that business gives us a nice cushion to help us with restructuring and turning around of the toy business, which we remain long-term bolt-on. We think that IP portfolio is fantastic and we really like the team that we've set up there. So our Q4 numbers weren't what we wanted, but we're taking -- we're looking at the market, we're being realistic about it. we're investing so that we can create a runway for that team to be successful in 2024 and beyond.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. I appreciate that. And congrats on that Baldur's Gate 3 game. That's great.
Chris Cocks: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours, and management's prepared remarks will also be posted on the Investor Relations portion of our website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Hasbro’s Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all parties will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  At this time I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Kristen Levy, Senior Manager, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Kristen Levy: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro’s Chief Executive Officer; and Gina Goetter, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Gina providing commentary on the company’s performance. Then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. Today’s guidance assumes we retain the non-core Entertainment Film and TV Business, notwithstanding the agreement we just entered into with Lionsgate to sell this business. That transaction is subject to customary closing condition and regulatory approvals. Following closing of that transaction, we plan to update our guidance. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks, Chris. 
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Kristen and good morning. Today I am pleased to announce that Hasbro has entered into a definitive agreement to sell our eOne Film and TV business to Lionsgate for approximately $500 million, consisting of cash of $375 million and the assumption of production financing loans.  This purchase will include a team of talented employees, a content library of nearly 6,500 titles, active productions for non-Hasbro owned IP like The Rookie, Yellowjackets and Naked and Afraid franchises, eOne’s Canadian Film & TV operations, and the eOne unscripted business, which will include rights for producing Hasbro-based shows like Play-Doh Squished. We expect the transaction to complete by the end of 2023. Hasbro will use the proceeds to retire a minimum of $400 million of floating rate debt by the end of the year and for other general corporate purposes.  Hasbro Entertainment will be the new marquis for our ongoing entertainment efforts after the sale closes, under the leadership of Olivier Dumont, the current Head of eOne Family Brands. Hasbro Entertainment’s mission is to develop finance and produce entertainment based on the rich vault of Hasbro-owned brands. We’ll bring to life new original ideas designed to fuel all areas of Hasbro’s blueprint, including toys, publishing, gaming, licensed consumer products, and location based entertainment.  We will retain a focused team of creative development and business affairs experts to shepherd the 30 plus Hasbro-based projects in development, working with the best studios and distribution platforms in Hollywood, including ongoing development of the TRANSFORMERS and GI JOE franchises, PLAY-DOH, D&D, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and our board game portfolio. As part of the sale, we expect to move to an asset-lite model for future live action entertainment, relying on licensing and partnerships with select co-productions like our previously announced Transformers One animated film and the D&D live action television series, both with our partners at Paramount. The sale of eOne is another important milestone in our transformation at Hasbro. Last year we articulated a plan to turn around Hasbro, driving growth in fewer, bigger, more profitable brands; improving our consumer focus, execution and innovation; and building our operational excellence to fuel our bottom line and create sustainable performance.  At the highest level, it’s a plan about recentering Hasbro on what has helped us create one of the most valuable portfolio of brands in Toys & Games: the timeless power of play.  I’m pleased to report in Q2 we made substantial progress against these goals. Hasbro delivered better than planned operating results for the second quarter, including revenue of $1.2 billion and adjusted operating profit of $137 million, which includes a $25 million charge we took for the D&D: Honor Among Thieves feature film.  The movie is among the best reviewed films of 2023 and has performed well in streaming, but the box office didn’t meet expectations. POS in the quarter was at or ahead of market, and when factoring exited businesses was ahead of market. Through the first half, PEPPA PIG, TRANSFORMERS, PLAY-DOH, D&D, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Hasbro Games have all grown point of sale. According to Circana, the G9 global toy and game market declined 7% through year-to-date June.  We gained share among the G9 in three of our five focus categories, Action Figures behind growth in TRANSFORMERS; Arts & Crafts with PLAY-DOH; and in Games, behind MONOPOLY. Our direct fan-focused business, Hasbro Pulse, increased point of sale by 54% in the quarter. Transformers: Rise of the Beasts is one of the top box office performers of the year and has driven an 83% improvement in TRANSFORMERS POS since its release. MAGIC: THE GATHERING launched what we believe will be the biggest release in our history with Lord of the Rings: Tales of Middle-earth. D&D generated nearly 2 million new registered users on D&D Beyond through the first half of the year. Our licensing business continues to grow including the release of one of the biggest mobile games in the last five years, Monopoly Go, from our partners at Scopely, which since its debut has been number one in downloads in 87 countries on the Apple App Store and 49 countries on Google Play.  Our operational excellence efforts have driven over $84 million of cost savings year-to-date, money we are using to both fund inventory reduction and clearance efforts and key growth initiatives like direct, data analytics and digital. And speaking of inventory, our sales teams have been busy reducing our owned and operated inventory in our Toys & Games segment by 24% year-over-year and our retail inventory by 16%. While headwinds and uncertainty continue to exist in the toy and game category as a whole, a better than planned start to the year so far for Hasbro sets us up for success in the back half. Gina will share more in her remarks, but at a high level we are maintaining our guidance for our Consumer Products segment and raising guidance for our Wizards of the Coast and Digital Games segment. Due to the writers’ and actors’ strikes and underperformance of D&D: Honor Among Thieves, we are lowering our guidance for Entertainment. MAGIC is on track for a record Q3 with favorable set release timing buoying results. D&D should have a strong second half, powered by excitement for the upcoming PC and console release of Baldur’s Gate III from our partners at Larian.  FURBY is already a hot seller with initial allocations selling out in under 72 hours. Most of our Toy & Game innovations have only just begun to hit shelves, including the new preschool line for Lucas film’s Star Wars: Young Jedi Adventures, our new AR game, TWISTER AIR, new blaster innovation with NERF DOUBLE PUNCH and hot new game crossovers like Barbie MONOPOLY. And with much improved inventory levels and the bulk of our inventory management efforts phasing down in Q3, we see an opportunity for meaningful margin improvement as the year progresses, particularly as we go into the fourth quarter. Net, we exit our first half with a solid quarter and positive operating indicators for our second half in our core segments. Our inventories are greatly improved, we are growing share in key brands, and we are making the improvements necessary to our supply chain and cost structure to see sustained operating margin growth over the mid and long term. We also are making the necessary choices to right size our entertainment footprint. Strong brands with quality innovation and execution will be more important than ever in a more unpredictable environment. That’s one of the reasons I’m excited by the potential of our new leadership team, who are already bringing a more disciplined approach to our operations and a palpable step up in product innovation. We continue to move up and to the right on our change curve, evolving our cost savings initiatives to a continuous and relentless improvement model. Our supply chain is becoming a competitive advantage, with costs back down to near pre-pandemic levels and positioned favorably versus competition. We are seeing momentum with key retailers. Our digital portfolio is tighter and making rapid strides and we are reinventing our approach to data analytics, product development and long-term innovation. Paired with our approach to focused entertainment through partners that both inspires and connects to a tight business plan and economic engine, we are positioned well for the medium to long term. I’d now like to turn over the call to Gina Goetter, our Chief Financial Officer. Gina?
Gina Goetter: Thanks Chris and good morning everyone. As Chris laid out, we delivered a solid quarter with revenue coming in ahead of expectations and proof points emerging across several of our transformation initiatives. We also announced the sale of the eOne Film & TV business, a step that simplifies our strategy and our focus on Toys and Games.  As we look to the quarter, total Hasbro revenue of $1.2 billion dollars was down 10% versus last year, as we continue to see normalization of inventory, lapped the exit of certain licenses and markets within the Consumer Products Segment and we had fewer planned releases for Wizards of the Coast. The Entertainment Segment revenue was down 3%, primarily due to the exit of non-core businesses in 2022. Excluding these divestitures the Film & TV and Family Brands businesses were up 5% versus prior year. Adjusted Operating profit of $137 million was down 43% versus last year. In addition to the revenue decline, we incurred higher inventory close-out costs as we continue to right size the inventory back to healthier levels. Profit was also negatively impacted by an impairment taken on Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves, as a result of box office results coming in below expectations. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.49 was 57% below last year, due to the factors noted and includes unfavorable impacts related to taxes and interest expense. The adjusted results exclude the impact of a $296 million Film & TV impairment. Through the second quarter, the ongoing writers’ and actors’ strikes have had minimal impact on our results; however, as the strikes continue, our 2023 outlook for entertainment has come down. The adjusted results also exclude incremental costs attributed to the Operational Excellence program and amortization associated with the eOne acquisition. Looking at year-to-date results, revenue of $2.2 billion was down 12% below last year, driven by declines in the Consumer Products segment and planned timing shifts across entertainment. Wizards segment revenue is down slightly versus prior year as a result of launch timing and having one fewer release in the front half of this year compared to 2022. Adjusted Operating Profit of $184 million was down 52% versus last year as we continue to incur higher costs associated with clearing inventory, as well as absorb the impact from the D&D film impairment. Year-to-date adjusted EPS is $0.49 driven by the factors noted above. Looking at our brand performance, our Franchise Brands were down 5% in the quarter and year-to-date. These brands represent our biggest and most profitable brands and are just over 60% of our revenue. Within Franchise Brands, we delivered significant Q2 revenue growth in TRANSFORMERS and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS driven by the uplift from the movie releases. Additionally, PEPPA PIG grew as a result of growth in the entertainment and digital gaming. Our Partner Brand revenue is down 21% for the quarter. More than 60% of the loss is a result of the licenses we exited at the end of last year. Sales of Hasbro products for SpiderMan by Marvel are up with an over 100% increase in POS since the release of Spiderman: Across the Spider-Verse, and further supported by the preschool series and new product releases.  Partner Brands continue to play a vital role in our portfolio for kids, fans and retailers around the world. Across our Portfolio Brands, the declines are driven by the reprioritization of investment to support the franchise brands, as well as discontinuances across the retail footprint. However, one of our re-launched portfolio brands, FURBY, is off to a promising start. Looking at operating margin, second quarter adjusted operating margin of 11.3% was 670 basis points below last year. The single biggest impact in the quarter is the volume decline and mix of business. Through the first half of the year, we prioritize cleaning up the portfolio and reducing inventory levels across the CP business, resulting in higher-than-normal close-out costs.  Also, as planned, we had one less MAGIC release within the Wizards Segment, which created an unfavorable mix in fixed cost absorption impact. Additionally, as we shifted to leverage licensed IP within Wizards, we incurred higher royalty expense, resulting in a 1.7 margin point loss. Momentum is accelerating on our cost savings program and year-to-date we have accumulated $32 million of gross cost savings within supply chain and an additional $52 million of gross cost savings within operating expense. The combined $84 million of gross savings are more than offsetting cost inflation and have allowed us to reinvest back into the business to support higher levels of marketing spend, fund our inventory reduction efforts and fuel key strategic initiatives required to deliver our long-term targets.  Cumulatively, since we began the savings program in 2022, we have reduced our cost base and delivered gross savings of $104 million, and we remain on track to deliver our in-year savings goal of $150 million. And finally, to round out the margin drivers, we had a negative 280 basis point impact in other items, which includes the $25 million impairment on the D&D film. As Chris mentioned, we made significant progress in lowering inventory levels. We reduced total owned inventory 16% versus prior year, primarily driven by a 24% reduction in the Consumer Products segment inventory. We expect to see inventory reductions through the first part of Q3 and stabilizing to more normalized levels by the end of the year. From a retail inventory perspective, their inventory was also down 16% and the lion’s share of the reductions are behind us. Looking more closely at Segment performance within the quarter, Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming segment revenue was down 11%. Overall tabletop gaming revenue, which includes both MAGIC and D&D, declined 17% given release timing. The decline in tabletop was partially offset by 33% growth in Digital Gaming, including the addition of D&D Beyond, which we acquired last May, and growth in Arena. Segment margins declined in line with expectations driven by higher royalty expense and a step up in investment to support future brand growth and product development. Moving to the Consumer Products segment, total CP revenue was down 11% in the quarter, driven by declines in POS trends and the focus on clearing inventory. Looking at the key drivers for the quarter, five points of the decline was driven by planned licensed exists. Another three points of decline was driven by Toy and Game volume given the broad category trends and retailers taking a more focused approach with their inventories. Four points of decline came from pricing & mix, driven by additional close-out costs as we work through higher inventory levels. And finally, we achieved one point of growth from Licensed Consumer products as we re-energize focus on leveraging our IP across categories. In the quarter, the Entertainment segment declined 3%, primarily due to business exits late last year. This was partially offset by 3% growth in Film and TV behind scripted TV growth, as well as film revenue from Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves. In addition, Family Brands revenue increased 14%, driven by content sales, including for PEPPA PIG. The adjusted operating loss for the second quarter includes the $25.0 million Dungeons &Dragons: Honor Among Thieves production asset impairment charge.  Today we announced the sale of our eOne Film and TV business to Lionsgate. Overall, the business that we’re selling represented approximately 85% of the revenue and just over 60% of the adjusted operating profit of the total Entertainment Segment last year.  Wrapping up with Hasbro, Inc., we delivered $119 million dollars of operating cash year-to-date, which is $29 million behind last year, driven by lower receivables coming out of 2022. Through June we repaid $91 million of long-term debt and spent $112 million on capital expenditures, led by investments in Wizards of the Coast for future digital gaming releases and we’ve returned $194 million of capital to our shareholders via dividends. In the quarter we booked a 26.3% underlying tax rate, which compares to 21.6% in Q2 of last year. The higher rate is driven by our entertainment business losses and higher withholding taxes, plus a shift in the geographical mix of income. Additionally, we had $4.8 million of additional interest expense due to higher interest rates. Turning to our 2023 guidance, the outlook across the Consumer Products Segment remains on track and Wizards of the Coast Segment is better than original expectations. For the Entertainment Segments, we are updating guidance to reflect the reality of the writers’ and actors’ strikes on our eOne Film & TV business. This updated guidance assumes Film & TV is included for the entire fiscal year and we will update once the close is complete. Based on this, we now expect total Hasbro Inc. revenue down 3% to 6%.  As we look at the three primary Segments, this guidance continues to assume that the CP business will be down mid-single digits, which is consistent with our initial outlook. We are planning for POS trends to continue stabilizing in the back half of the year and this, coupled with stronger execution, will result in modest back-half revenue growth. We now expect that Wizards of the Coast will deliver high single digit revenue growth compared to our original guidance of mid-single digits.  We are confident in the back-half releases slated for MAGIC and digital licensing should also be supported by the continued success of Monopoly Go and the upcoming release of the AAA role playing game, Baldur’s Gate III. And finally, for Entertainment, we are now expecting revenue declines of 25% to 30%, which incorporates the impact of the writers’ and actors’ strikes and production deliveries in the back half of the year. Adjusted Operating Margin is now expected to be up 20 to 50 basis points versus last year’s adjusted operating margin. The margin outlook for CP and Wizards of the Coast are the same or better than our previous guidance. The guidance reflects unfavorable changes in Entertainment given the strikes, as well as the D&D impairment. This margin guidance continues to expect $150 million of in-year cost savings, driven by our operational excellence program, as well as assumes that the cost to clear inventory reduces in the back half of the year. Despite the headwind from the Entertainment segment, we continue to expect 2023 adjusted EBITDA to be relatively flat to prior year. And based on our current forecast, we continue to expect to generate $600 million to $700 million of operating cash flow. From a capital allocation standpoint, our priorities are to invest behind the business, pay down debt and return excess cash to shareholders via dividends. We expect to use the cash generated from the sale of the eOne Film & TV to pay down debt, which will accelerate the reduction of our overall debt by a minimum of $400 million and advance our progress towards achieving our 2.5x long-term leverage target. In terms of earnings per share, despite adjusted EBITDA guidance remaining unchanged, the Film & TV business has created additional volatility impacting below-the-line items, including interest expense and tax rate. Through the second quarter Film & TV has created an approximate $0.50 negative impact on earnings per share and based on our updated outlook, we anticipate an additional $0.10 to $0.20 negative impact on the full year.  Given this, as well as the divestiture, we are withdrawing total Hasbro, Inc. earnings per share guidance for the year and will revisit reintroducing the metric once we have closed the transaction. Our remaining Segments are continuing to grow their EPS contribution versus original expectations and versus last year behind strong Wizards growth and cost savings momentum. I am three months in at Hasbro and every day I am more excited about the opportunities ahead for this amazing company. We have a lot of work ahead of us to deliver the year, but we are making progress and gaining momentum, with today’s announcement of the sale of the eOne Film &TV being the latest milestone.  And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Chris to wrap up.
Chris Cocks: Thanks Gina. While our overall guidance is down for the year, the puts and takes are contained in a segment that we have found a better home for and a company adept at driving value. Our core business is making tangible progress, and while the next six months will present entertainment-related headwinds, we will emerge a more focused, more profitable and more predictable business. This will enable us to continue to fund our category-leading dividend, improve our balance sheet health and drive value for our shareholders, partners and fans of all ages.  We’ll now pause to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Jeffries. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Hey, great. Thank you. Good luck joining Gina. Its great to have you onboard. The increase in guidance around WotC, could you go through the puts and takes there? Is that driven largely by Magic? Better expectations on Baldur’s Gate and now that it launches today or Monopoly Go, if you just could walk through some of the changes there. 
A - Chris Cocks: Yes, sure thing and thanks Andrew. You know at a high level, I'd say it's bullishness around Magic and good progress with our digital licensing portfolio, Baldur’s Gate and Monopoly Go included. I'll turn it over to Gina to get through more details. 
Gina Goetter: Good morning, Andrew. Thanks for the welcome. I didn't know that I have additional color to add. I do think that our performance in the first part of the year overall for WotC in the digital segment has been on our expectation. We're seeing some good progress with Lord of the Rings. We're really excited about that launch and that came out in June, so the bulk of the revenue gain will be a pick-up here in Q3. And as Chris said, the launches that we've got scheduled for the back half of the year, we’re feeling really good about. 
A - Chris Cocks: Yes, I should note that Lord of the Rings is not a standard set. We think it's more of an evergreen set that will have a longer tail. And you know our in-year expectation is that within seven months of it releasing, it'll be the number one set of all time from Magic. It should cross $200 million before the end of the calendar year. The last set that did that was Modern Horizons 2 and it took about two years for it to do that. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. That's super helpful and great color. I appreciate it. Just kind of thinking about the digital strategy going forward that sits within Wizard of the Coast, could you give us an update on your thoughts there. eOne’s gone now. We can kind of start focusing on the video games and segments. You have some internal studio. So could you just kind of give us an update on where everything stands and what the primary driver is going to be there, you know one year out, three years out maybe? 
A - Chris Cocks: Yes, you know at a high level I'd say it's a balanced strategy between working with license partners, which is very high profit for us and we've been fortunate to have some fantastic partners like Scopely and Larian who we think are making knock-it-out-of-the-park games, and then patiently investing on a milestone basis with our own internal studio development and publishing capability development.  You know, when you look at a game like Baldur's Gate 3, I view that as a block – the equivalent of a blockbuster movie release. You know just to put in perspective, we think Baldur's Gate 3 has the potential to be a game of the year contender. It will engage millions of highly targeted fans and be highly accretive to the D&D brand.  And just to kind of put in financial perspective, we will likely make more money on Baldur's Gate 3 than we have made on all of our film licensing for the last five to ten years combined. So it's not only a great brand win. It's a great financial win for us, and I think it's a heavy focus of the company moving forward.  We purposely stated in this release that we're a leading Toy & Game company. We are squarely focused on that, and I would say the emphasis is on the gaming part of that. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. That's really helpful. I appreciate it. Thanks Chris. 
Chris Cocks: No worries. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your questions. 
Arpiné Kocharyan: Hi. Good morning and thank you for the question. I was wondering if it could help us bridge margin guidance down about 25 basis points at midpoint. But then what you want to be up is actually up and what you want to be down is actually down. You have higher margin gaming revenue outlook up, but lower margin entertainment segment revenue actually lower. And I know you mentioned margin for Wizard is actually unchanged or better and then incremental headwind from impairment charges I guess. Is there anything else that you would point out in bridging that? 
Gina Goetter: No, Arpiné good morning. This is Gina. I think you've got it – our margin guide down. We were a little bit more bullish starting the year at 30 to 60 bips and now we're saying 20 to 50. And that is really all about the impairment that we took within D&D and what is happening within the Film and TV segment itself or the broader entertainment itself.  When we look at our core business, our toys business, our games business, that margin profile is healthy and actually a little bit better than what we expected it to be. We're seeing some nice momentum in our cost savings initiatives and you can see that in the margin bridges that we provided. You can see that starting to pull through the P&L and that really starts to accelerate as we look to the back half of the year.  So the call down in margin, all about Entertainment, all about what happened with the D&D impairment and our core businesses that we are keeping are doing quite well.
Arpiné Kocharyan: That's very helpful, thank you Gina. And I know you aren't giving EPS guidance at this point, but you mentioned $0.50 cents of TV and Film EPS headwind and then additional $0.10 to $0.20 of headwind. Could you maybe go over high level, just basic math on calculating close to no more than $0.25 in operating profit that you're giving up with this sale and then that's obviously partially offset by run rate, interest expense, cost savings down the road. Maybe if you could kind of point out whether that thinking is correct, high level, and then if you could break down that $0.50 a little bit more. 
Gina Goetter: Sure. I will try my best to answer that math question. Our guidance that we originally had given was 445 to 455 and what we communicated was that two dates, so through the first six months, we've had a $0.50 headwind by the entertainment segment. And what we anticipate in the back half of the year is that's going to be another $0.20. So all in, our earnings per share guidance, if we were continuing to give guidance, would come down by $0.70, all in the Film and TV, all in the entertainment segment.  Again, our core business, Toy & Game, and the digital part of our business, that is actually performing ahead of expectation. There's some puts and takes within tax and interest expense, so that kind of nets against that, but the call down in earnings per share, all in entertainment. 
Arpiné Kocharyan: Super helpful. Thank you. 
Chris Cocks: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Pleased proceed with your questions. 
Jaime Katz : Hey, good morning. I know you guys are not really guiding on the sale of eOne, but I'm hoping that you can frame the size of what will be left after these assets are sold. Will it be 10% of the entertainment business? And then, with that sale, is there any reason that cost of goods sold and program production costs wouldn't go back closer to 2019 levels, just as we think through sort of the math of how that segment has impacted the overall P&L? Thanks. 
Gina Goetter: Sure. Morning, Jaime. In the slide deck that we provided, we put a chart in there to try to dimensionalize the total entertainment segment and then the piece of the business that is being divested. So about 85% of the segment is going with the sale in terms of its revenue and the balance of 15% is staying with us and it will be embedded in the new kind of view of entertainment of how we're approaching it moving forward.  In terms of how to think about production costs, I'd have to go back to where we were in 2019 to see precisely if we're up, down or sideways from that. But yes, you can assume, the eOne business we’re spending, $500 million, $600 million in production that that will – we will not be – they will not be spending that or we will not be spending that amount of money moving forward. 
Chris Cocks: We'll be up versus 2019, simply because we continue to invest in some co-productions with Paramount like we're doing with Transformers One, which is a new animated film that will come out next year. And then we're also doing production for things like a D&D TV series. Now that is a cost-plus model that Paramount is fully funding, so we get the production margin from that plus like a licensing fee for being an IP owner on something like that.  And then also we're retaining the eOne Family Brands portion of the purchase, which is a big value portion of the purchase with big brands like PEPPA PIG. And so that's incremental to 2019 as well. But as Gina states, it's far lower than the run rate we've been on for the last several years. 
Jaime Katz : Right. And then I think there was some prepared remark that said there was momentum with key retailers, so any further color on that would be helpful. Thanks. 
Chris Cocks: Yes. We won't name them by name, but certainly, it's nice to have clean inventories and inventories reduced. If you look at like our top three or four retailers, I feel pretty good about where we're going with them. Some of them are taking still a pretty aggressive stance on inventory management, and so we're working with them. But others are really leaning in and seeing an opportunity to build, share and have great kind of on-shelf availability. And e-commerce continues to gallop forward and consume share in the category.  We just had a great Amazon Prime Day. We have had really good discussions with our major retailers around top toys for the holiday. So, I'm cautiously optimistic that you're going to see Hasbro gain share in terms of what our key retailers announced. And we're already starting to talk to them about 2024 and 2025.  And with our new management team, I think we've tightened up the innovation muscle quite a bit, and we'll have some momentum going into that year, particularly if we see what folks like Tim Kilpin, who's our new leader of our toy team, has up the sleeve in terms of new product innovation. 
Jaime Katz : Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with ROTH MKM. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler : Good morning. And thanks for the question. I believe you said that Hasbro Pulse, put POS was up 54%. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about that business and size it and talk about some of the growth plans for that. 
Chris Cocks: Yes, sure. And good morning, Eric. Nice to talk. So Hasbro Pulse, as we talked about back in October at our Investor Day, direct-to-consumer is important to us. It's a great way for us to learn from our consumers, see how they shop, see what they want. And our initial efforts are very focused on kind of like that dedicated fan segment. Both what we do for Secret Lair with what we do at Wizards of the Coast, what we do with kind of the D&D fan, the D&D Beyond in terms digital goods, and then Hasbro Pulse is more about kind of like that fan economy segment and that's performed super well.  It's a great partnership with, our Disney, business. There's a lot of Star Wars that goes through there. There's a lot of Marvel. There's a lot of super high-end Transformers and Hasbro owned items like the Robosen Auto Transforming Optimus Prime that we released last year, and an Auto Transforming Grimlock that we just recently announced, and a great opportunity for us to sell high-end items.  You know, I would scope the business right now in the kind of the $100 million to $200 million range. I think we see significant upside for that. Call it potentially a TAM or a TAM opportunity for double, maybe 2.5x that over the next couple years. And as we start to build critical mass and capabilities in that segment, I think you'll also see us evolve our perspective on what we could do there.  We'll start with fan focus and then we'll evolve that and hopefully start going out in concentric circles over time. Respecting the fact that we have a lot of great third-party retail relationships and making sure that we model kind of the mix of products appropriately. 
Eric Handler : Great, that's helpful. And also, wonder if you could just talk about retailor sentiment as you go – as orders start coming in for a holiday season and how do you think retailers are feeling right now as they think about the last month and a half of the year. 
Chris Cocks: Well, I think it depends on the retailer. We have a couple retailers who are really leaning in and see a shared building opportunity. We have a retailer too who are taking a cautious view towards consumer discretionary as a whole and aggressively managing their inventory. And, I think a little bit of an over under on our guidance moving forward and why we're not raising our guidance and consumer products, it's just making sure that we understand where those retailers are ultimately going to position.  I definitely think Q4 is going to be a more traditional Q4 kind of a 2018, 2019. It's going to be very end of the quarter focused. I think Black Friday is going to be important. I think the lead up and the drum beat into Christmas is going to be important. And then also, I think a array of bullishness that we have in the quarter is we have basically an extra couple days is shopping prior to Christmas. And then for our fiscal year, we have an extra week, because we ended our fiscal year last year I think on December 26. So we have a full extra week of potential shopping, which is probably about $60 million to $70 million of incremental POS. 
Eric Handler : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Fred Whiteman with Wolf Research. Please proceed with your questions. 
Fred Whiteman: Hey guys, I just wanted to come back to Wizards. And if we think back to the Investor Day last fall, and I totally recognize a lot of this change, but it felt like D&D was a big piece of the plan to double the Wizards business. And if we just think about the film impairment and the softer box office, does that put those targets at risk or is there enough traction and momentum in some other areas to offset that? 
Chris Cocks: No, I mean. Good morning, Fred. I would say, the underlying thesis of our D&D business was all about digital. To me, entertainment's a kicker. It helps to enable broader audiences' exposure to what's traditionally a mid-core to hardcore gaming brand. And what digital allows us to do is kind of take that tabletop role-playing game, TAM, that we have in the world, which is probably about $80 million people who participate in those hobbies and frequent that kind of channel, and take our brand like D&D to 800 million people who play role-playing games.  And so, I think Baldur's Gate 3 is just the first of several new digital initiatives you're going to see from us, that span how we can try to transform tabletop role-playing gaming to an even richer kind of theater-of-the-mind experience to more traditional video games from us and partners like Larian. 
Fred Whiteman: Makes sense. And then on the supply chain side, it feels like you guys have really emphasized that for the past few quarters. I'm wondering if you could just frame sort of where you see the supply chain today versus where you think it could be, and then maybe what that ultimately means for the consumer products margin over the next few years.
Gina Goetter: Sure. Good morning, Fred. I would say we're making really good progress within the supply chain. I know that the company has talked about that in previous quarters. This quarter, especially you can see the benefits starting to flow through within logistics. So a lot of the focus from the team has been around our logistics network, how we're planning for inventory, kind of our order patterns, working with our retailers all around inventory and in order management and you can start to see that really play through with the cost savings.  We expect that to continue to accelerate as we move into the back half of the year. The overall logistics environment is continuing to moderate, so that will help us as well. So not only do we have a lot of efforts underway in that space, but the overall environment is much more calm than it has been compared to the previous two years. I think our focus moving forward will be there, as well as working with all of our partners and getting a little bit closer to the operation with all of our manufacturers. That will provide another opportunity for us, more so in 2024 than in 2023. 
Fred Whiteman: Makes sense. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Haas with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions. 
Jason Haas : Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. I was hoping to follow up on some of the numbers that were given earlier in the year regarding some of the headwinds you were facing for the consumer products business.  So I recall the expectation or I think at the beginning of the year you had said that there was $135 million of excess retail inventory. So I was curious, apologies if I missed it, but how much of that have we worked through so far this year? 
Chris Cocks: Yes, so I don't have a specific number to quantify the $135 million, but our retailer inventory is down 16% year-over-year. I think we feel like our retailer inventory is at a pretty productive level. I would say that through the balance of the year, our retailer inventory will end the year down, but probably not 16% down.  Our own inventory, we still are a little bit elevated versus what we would typically be, but we are down quite a bit versus 2021, about 24% or so. And I think we'll end the year at around that level, both for consumer products and for Wizards of the Coast. And that'll get us to something that's more consistent to like what we ended at 2021 and within range of a more traditional level.
Jason Haas : Got it. That's helpful. Another figure, I think it was tied to that, but it was – you had said that there was $300 million of headwinds. I think it was from exited licenses, FX, and then also that inventory. And the expectation was about, you'd see about 60% of that headwind in the first half. So I was curious if that so far has materialized as you had expected. 
Chris Cocks: Yes. If you look at our POS for the first half of the year, we are down high single digits in POS. But when you take out those exited licenses, we're down low single digits. And as we get into the back half of the year, the impact of those licenses lessened because we were – our sell-in was a little heavier as a percentage in the front half of the year. And as we were getting ready to exit them and our retailers were kind of taking their inventory positions down to prepare for other master story licenses to enter. It just makes sense that way. 
Gina Goetter: And Jason, just to add some color on the actual number, I would say of that $300 million, we're about halfway through that with the balance to come in the back half. 
Jason Haas : That's great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Stephen Laszczyk with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Stephen Laszczyk: Hey, great. Thank you. Maybe for Gina, with this being your first earnings call since getting settled in, I was wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit more about your framework for thinking through leveraging capital allocation on the go forward, especially with eOne – the sale of eOne now behind us. In particular, I'd be curious if you see any incremental opportunities on the investment or capital returns front over the next few years. Thank you. 
Gina Goetter:  Sure. Morning, Stephen. Yeah, the sale of eOne absolutely helps us in terms of getting down to our leverage target. So we will use the majority of the proceeds from that sale to pay down our floating rate debt and start getting the balance sheet in a healthier position.  As we move forward, as we think about capital allocation, first and foremost our priority is to invest back into the business. Our second priority is then to keep cleaning up that balance sheet and getting that leverage ratio down, and then the third piece is to continue giving money back to our shareholders.  Our primary vehicle has been dividends. We've paid out dividends through the first part of the year. We expect to continue paying out dividends in the back half of the year. As we turn the corner to ‘24 and beyond, I think we will most likely add share repurchases back into the mix of capital allocation. But for now, in the near term here, our first three levers are invest, pay down debt, and give back money via dividends. 
Stephen Laszczyk: Got it. And then for Chris, I'm not sure if you've given this metric before, but since you mentioned it around Baldur’s Gate, I was wondering if you could remind us how much money you've made in film licensing over the last five or 10 years? Any approximate sizing would be helpful. 
Chris Cocks: We would have to get back to you, Stephen. I don't have that off the top of my head. It's not tremendous. 
Stephen Laszczyk: Understood. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I'll turn the call back over to Kristen Levy for closing remarks. 
Kristen Levy : Thank you for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call.  Hasbro Management will be participating in the Goldman Sachs Communacopia and Technology Conference on September 6. Hope to see you there. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Hasbro’s First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro’s Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Deb providing commentary on the company’s performance. Then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. Today’s guidance assumes we retain the non-core entertainment film and TV business, notwithstanding the current marketing process. While there is no guarantee of such an outcome, if this process results in a sale, we will update our guidance. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Debbie and good morning. 6 months ago, we unveiled our strategy for Hasbro, highlighting three priorities: focusing on fewer bigger brands and initiatives; building our consumer insight to grow share and drive innovation; and improving operational excellence to fuel bottom line health and strategic reinvestment. It’s a plan that recenters Hasbro on what has made us great for the past 100 years and which will serve as our foundation going forward. Play. Put simply, Play is what we do. And as we celebrate our 100th anniversary, 2023 is about refocusing our teams to drive renewed leadership in toys and games, rightsizing our entertainment investments and driving fundamental improvements in our organization to deliver long-term success. With our strategy top of mind, let’s review our Q1 results. As anticipated, Q1 revenue was lower year-over-year, but ahead of expectations, driven by continued positive performance of Wizards of the Coast in digital gaming and another strong growth quarter for MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Revenue for the quarter was $1 billion, a year-over-year, with growth in both Magic and D&D. MAGIC: THE GATHERING was a standout performer, growing 16%, particularly impressive given its 40% growth in Q4. The fundamentals of Magic, Hasbro’s first billion-dollar brand are strong with new player growth, player engagement and player sentiment all pointing in the right direction. We expect the positive momentum for MAGIC to continue with Q1 also seeing one of our most successful preorders ever for our upcoming Universes Beyond, The Lord of the Rings: Tales of the Middle-Earth set, which will launch in late Q2. Given our release calendar, we expect revenue for MAGIC to be down in Q2, but up solidly in Q3 and for the full year. Consumer Products revenue declined 23% year-over-year. Point of sale was down for the quarter but improved from Q4 despite exiting several unprofitable businesses and licenses. PLAY-DOH, PEPPA PIG and Hasbro Gaming saw POS gains in Q1. And we drove late quarter growth in Action, particularly in transformers as excitement amounts for the June release of the Transformers: Rise of the Beast feature film. Beyond Transformers, we have a blockbuster lineup of content from our partners’ brands. helping to support sales in the back half of the year, including Season 3 of Lucas Films The Mandalorian, Star Wars: Asoka, Star Wars: Young Jedi Adventures, Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny, Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy 3 and Sony’s Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse. Importantly, we ended the quarter with good progress on reducing retailer inventories and are on track for healthy improvements in our owned inventory in Q2 and Q3. Entertainment segment revenues were off 19%, driven by year-over-year shifts in release timing of new film and family brands content. Among new Hasbro content released, we debuted our new preschool brand, Kia and the Kamoji Heroes on Disney Jr. and Disney+, and launched with our partners at Paramount, the new feature film Dungeons and Dragons: Honor Among Thieves. D&D took the number one spot to the global office in its release week and has become Hasbro’s best reviewed film ever, with an impressive 91% critic score and 93% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes. Based on the strong fan and audience response, we are expecting Honor Among Thieves to enjoy a long viewing life that introduces our newest franchise brand to tens of millions of new consumers globally via theaters, streaming and post theatrical sales. Our operational excellence program continues apace. As we execute our plans, we expect the cost savings to grow over the coming quarters. In Q1, we achieved $35 million of cost savings. We continue to expect $150 million of run rate gross cost savings this year, money we are using to reinvest in the business, offset margin impacts from inventory management programs, and help us achieve our full year target of 50 to 70 basis points of adjusted operating profit improvement. We made significant progress in recasting our leadership team to drive our strategy. Gina Goetter, the CFO of Harley-Davidson and 25-plus year consumer packaged goods veteran, joins us in May as our new CFO and leader of our global operations disciplines. Gina has a long history with corporate transformations, which will serve Hasbro well. Tim Kilpin, a 30 plus year veteran with leadership experiences across marquee toy, games and entertainment brands, joins us as our new President of Toy, Licensing and Entertainment. Jason Bunge, the former Chief Marketing Officer of Riot Games, joins us as our new global CMO, bringing new marketing firepower for our games and data-driven growth initiatives. And Bertie Thompson, Chief Communications and Creative Officer at Notion and former Communications Executive at Meta, joins us as our new Chief Communications Officer, bringing cutting-edge technology, social media and financial markets communications expertise. These talented leaders joined an extended leadership team, hailing from technology, CPG, toys, games and entertainment companies to drive our strategy and build profitable blueprints across our franchise and partner brands. Our growth initiatives continue to deliver. Hasbro’s total games portfolio grew 2% in the quarter. Direct-to-consumer revenues increased 21%, led by a 46% increase at Hasbro Pulse, our fan-focused direct-to-consumer e-commerce platform. And on licensing, we just announced our first-ever agreement with Mattel, including crossovers for Barbie and MONOPOLY and Hot Wheels, Uno and Transformers. Partnerships like this, along with our previously announced licensing deals with LEGO on Transformers and D&D, expand our brands, introduce our toys and games into new categories and leverage our own category leadership for new growth opportunities. For the full year, we are maintaining our previous guidance of a low single-digit revenue decline and adjusted operating profit margin expansion of 50 to 70 basis points. We continue to expect Q2 to present headwinds as retailers return to traditional ordering and shipment patterns and release timings for new MAGIC sets favoring Q3 impacts Wizards of the Coast sales. We’re cautiously optimistic with the progress we have made in Q1, but still maintain an outlook of a flat to down toy and games market where focus, share building and bottom line health are Hasbro priorities. On the sale of our non Hasbro-branded E1 film and TV assets, we continue to be pleased by the progress and expect to provide an update in Q2. In summary, while Q1 is just the start, we delivered ahead of plan and continue to see steady progress in building our leadership team, focusing the company and improving our operational fundamentals. MAGIC is strong. The fan economy is proving resilient. Our entertainment calendar is robust, and our growth initiatives are on track. I’d now like to turn over the call to our Chief Financial Officer, Deb Thomas, to share more details. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. As Chris said, first quarter results were ahead of our expectations and position us to meet our full year guidance. Wizards of the Coast, led by strong MAGIC: THE GATHERING demand, continued to perform well. Our consumer products teams are working through retail inventory and setting for major entertainment releases, and our operational excellence program is delivering savings and helping offset these expenses. As you know, the first quarter is a historically small quarter for our business and most of the year remains ahead. In Q1, our fixed cost base is disproportionate to revenue. This impacts our profit early in the year, but we see improvement in future quarters as revenue grows and as we begin to actualize more of our cost savings. In Q1, we realized an additional $35 million in savings and remain on track to deliver $150 million of run rate savings in 2023. In addition, this is a 53-week fiscal year, and the first quarter holds that extra week. And this equaled $14 million of incremental expense on little revenue. Given our first quarter, we now expect revenue in the first half of 2023 to be down approximately 16% versus our previously forecasted 20% decline. For the full year, we continue to expect a low single-digit revenue decline in 50 to 70 basis points of adjusted operating profit margin improvement. We started the year with a cash balance of $513 million. $89 million of operating cash flow in the quarter was offset by non-operating outflows, including $30 million of long-term debt repayment, $53 million of CapEx led by investments in Wizards of the Coast for future gaming releases and a $97 million return of capital through dividends to our shareholders. We ended Q1 with $386 million in cash. We forecast operating cash flow for the year in the $600 million to $700 million range. We have sufficient cash flow and liquidity to operate our business, meet our CapEx needs, invest for growth and fund our dividend. At quarter end, inventory at Hasbro is up from year end due primarily to two items: the first being higher Wizards of the Coast inventories given the timing of releases this year, with March of the Machine release mid-April and Universes Beyond The Lord of the Rings: Tales of the Middle-Earth shortly before the start of Q3. By year-end, we expect Wizards’ inventories to be down. The second increase comes from our consumer product inventories. While we’re working through our own inventory from year-end, we purchased action figures to set at retail for upcoming entertainment launches, including Transformers: Rise of the Beast. We made good progress reducing retail inventories in Q1, and they are down from year-end. We continue to expect it will take the first half of the year to work through the excess. The cost savings work we began supply chain and are offsetting these costs, resulting in slightly better cost of sales margins compared to Q1 2022. Once we work through the inventory and our sales allowances return to normalized levels, we expect those cost savings will begin to drop to the bottom line. This should begin in the second half of the year. The sale of the non-core TV and film assets is progressing. And while we expect to be able to provide an update on the transaction in the second quarter, a closing and related cash inflow is likely to happen in the second half of this year. We will prioritize the sale proceeds of the entertainment assets toward paying down debt, lowering our overall debt levels, reducing our ongoing interest expense and improving our debt-to-EBITDA ratio. We continue to target debt-to-EBITDA of 2x to 2.5x, and we remain committed to our investment-grade rating. Looking at our adjusted results for the first quarter, revenue came in ahead of our plan, with strong MAGIC: THE GATHERING demand and slightly better shipments in our consumer products business. Foreign exchange had a negative $15.8 million impact on revenues. Cost of sales declined in line with revenue and decreased 10 basis points year-over-year. As I mentioned, the incremental expense for closeouts and allowances is being offset by operational excellence cost savings. Favorable product mix behind growth in Wizards of the Coast and digital gaming revenue, as well as CP licensing, contributed to improvements in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue. Program amortization expense declined on lower entertainment deliveries in the year, but increased 30 basis points as a percent of revenue. Royalty expense declined on lower partner brand revenues as we exited certain licenses and, to a lesser extent, from lower E1 revenues and title mix. In the second quarter, operating profit will be impacted as we expect royalty expense of approximately 10% of revenue. This is an additional $45 million versus Q1 as we ship products in support of Transformers: Rise of the Beast and MAGIC, Universes Beyond, The Lord of the Rings set. For the full year, we expect royalty expense to decline from 8.4% in 2022. Product development expense increased due to team supporting our Wizards of the Coast tabletop and digital development who joined the company in the back half of last year. Advertising investment increased on support for Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves within our Entertainment segment, and at Wizards of the Coast for both D&D and MAGIC. Adjusted SG&A spend was essentially flat but increased as a percentage of revenue. Lower freight costs and cost savings from mid-Q1 workforce reductions were offset by higher investment in Wizards including personnel, organized play events such as conventions and tournaments and marketing for upcoming releases. As a reminder, we expect to achieve more normalized levels of incentive compensation in 2023 throughout the year, which we estimate to be approximately $80 million versus 2022, with $65 million in SG&A and the balance in product development. Due to the mix of earnings and lower income in the quarter, combined with discrete items mostly related to stock-based compensation, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter at 83.8% is not indicative of the year. The outsized impact from small discrete items will normalize with higher income. For the full year 2023, we continue to expect our underlying adjusted rate to be between 20% and 21%. Looking at our segments, Wizards of the Coast and digital gaming revenue increased 14% in constant currency. The team is focused on creating gaming experiences MAGIC and D& D fans embrace. Tabletop revenues were up 13% behind popular MAGIC: THE GATHERING releases. Digital gaming revenue increased 9%, led by the addition of D&D beyond. As we continue to invest in Wizards of the Coast, operating profit declined 28% due to higher product costs, product development personnel costs, advertising expense and costs supporting the return of organized play. We continue to expect full year operating profit margin for the segment in the high 30% range, which reflects investment for future growth and expansion of our Universes Beyond products. Consumer Products segment revenue decreased 21%, excluding a negative $8.3 million impact of foreign exchange, $6.2 million of which was in Europe. This performance was led by lower revenues in North America and Europe, partially offset by growth in Asia Pacific, Latin America and licensing. The segment’s adjusted operating loss is the result of lower net revenue and includes higher allowances and closeouts to sell-through inventory. We expect these higher costs to continue in the second quarter. These items were partially offset by savings realized from the company’s operational excellence program reflected primarily in cost of sales. Entertainment segment revenue decreased 17% in constant currency. TV revenues increased behind scripted TV deliveries including the new series, The Rookie Feds; and the Rookie, which ABC just renewed for a sixth season; Yellowjackets; and The Recruit, and lower unscripted TV revenue. Film revenues declined with fewer new releases in 2023 versus 2022. Family Brands revenue declined due to content sales timing year-over-year, including several multiyear licensing deals executed in Q1 2022 that did not repeat this year. Music and other decline as we exited the remainder of these businesses in late 2022. Adjusted operating loss was the result of lower revenues as well as higher advertising for Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves, partially offset by lower royalty expense. As I said upfront, Q1 was a good but small quarter with a lot of the year ahead of us. Our outlook is predicated on the second half that improves year-over-year. We remain cautious about the macro and the consumer environment, but the timing of theatrical releases, a strong Magic release schedule, the return to a more traditional and back half weighted shipment plan to retailers, innovation we have planned and we will share more about this summer and engaging retail and advertising campaigns to improve point-of-sale all support our view. It’s hard to imagine that this is my last earnings call as Hasbro’s CFO. I have been here for 25 years, and we’ve been through the good and the tough. I’ve had the opportunity to work with outstanding people on amazing brands, and I know Chris, Gina and Tim and our entire team will take good care of Hasbro and its legacy. Thank you all for your support of Hasbro and for your partnership over the years. Now one last time, I’ll turn it back to Chris.
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Deb. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I’d like to spend a minute thanking Deb Thomas for her 25 years of leadership at Hasbro. I started this company 7 years ago as the fresh-faced leader of an under-the-radar subsidiary called Wizards of the Coast. From my first day on the job, there was no bigger supporter of Wizards than Deb. She got it, and was always there for Rookie, helping me navigate the broader company and giving me and the team at Wizards the support we needed to turbocharge that business. My story is the same story thousands of people across the company have about Deb. She is the true definition of a servant leader: The first one in the office in the morning; the last one to turn the lights off in the evening; and a true believer in the power of our people and brands. Deb has been an invaluable partner who has helped Hasbro become one of the biggest and best companies in the toys and games and broader entertainment industry. Deb, it’s been an honor to work with, partner and learn from you over the years. Our company and our shareholders owe you a debt gratitude. On behalf of everyone at Hasbro, and especially me, thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Andrew Uerkwitz with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Hey, thank you so much. I guess a question on MAGIC. Could you just kind of help us understand like the audience segmentation with The Lord of the Rings set coming, who are you targeting? And it looks like the strategy around that set is a little different than what we’ve seen. Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. And hey, great report, by the way, on MAGIC. We all had a chance to read that earlier this week, but it was well researched and did a good job of reviewing the brand. So on Lord of the Rings, as we’ve talked about for our overall strategy for Universes Beyond, it’s all about bringing in adjacent fandoms. We’ve had great success with this, with D&D, which was kind of a prototype for Universes Beyond that we did a couple of years ago, the summer set called Adventures in the Forgotten Realms. We’ve had one of our best-selling commander sets ever with Warhammer that we did this fall. We’re already on our fourth reprint. And for Lord of the Rings, it’s really about appealing to those – that rabid fan base who loves Lord of the Rings, who loves J.R.R. Tolkien, who also might love a game like MAGIC: THE GATHERING. I think an important secondary component to that is that there is already a whole bunch of MAGIC: THE GATHERING fans who are big kind of fantasy, uber fans. They like the Lord of he Rings, and we see it as a great engagement opportunity for them and a special collector’s experience for a set that we don’t do very often.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then just my one follow-up. Could you kind of just give us an update? You have Baldur’s Gate launching, I think, in Q3. Could you give us an update on expectations, how that will monetize through the income statement? And then just broadly an update on the video game strategy. Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So Baldur’s Gate 3 is being done by our partners at Larian. Larian is probably one of the – arguably one of the best independent role-playing game publishers in the world. And so we’re really excited about what they can do. They released Baldur’s Gate 3 into early access on Steam about 2.5, 3 years ago. To date, it’s the most successful early access game in Steam’s history with well over 1 million adopters, just in that kind of like preview period. So we have pretty high expectations for Baldur’s Gate 3. We think the quality is going to be very, very high. If you look at the reviews on Steam, they are excellent. It definitely is going to be a game of the year, or at least a role-playing game of the year contender, and it’s going to release very broadly on consoles and PC. So we think it’s going to be a pretty big release. In terms of how we participate in that, it’s a license product for us. We like kind of the partnership that we have with Larian on that. So we will start to see some contribution from that in the later, like probably September in Q3. And then more meaningfully just based on kind of the timing of when we recognize the license royalty-based revenue, in Q4 and Q1 of next year.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. Thank you so much. Appreciate the updates.
Chris Cocks: No worries.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler with ROTH MKM. Please proceed.
Eric Handler: Good morning, thanks for the question. I’ll just say, Deb, just good luck in all your future endeavors, and you’ll be missed. So first question, with regards to Consumer Products, the reported results were about over $100 million better than what consensus was looking for. I wonder if you could just maybe give a little color as to where that upside came from? Was this a pull forward for maybe 2Q or another quarter? Or was – are you just seeing more positive retail orders?
Chris Cocks: No. I think we’re seeing some underlying momentum in the business across the board. Certainly, Wizards of the Coast came in ahead of expectations. Our latest release based on Phyrexia did very, very well. And we continue to be bullish on what Wizards has in store, particularly The Lord of the Rings set in late Q2. On Consumer Products, I think our POS came in a bit better than planned. It’s still not where we want it to be, but I think we are making steady progress. And just to give some perspective on it, based on our own internal numbers, and this doesn’t include kind of discounting, we were down about 12% in Q4. We cut that roughly in half in Q1. We were down about 7% year-over-year. And when you take out some of our exited businesses, particularly Disney Princess and Frozen, we were down less than 4%, which by our math is likely at or ahead of market. We are not satisfied with that, but that was ahead of what we planned. But I think it augurs well for what’s going to happen in Q2, Q3 and Q4, where we add like our disciplined execution that we’ve been doing with our retailers. We add new products, and we add what we think is a pretty killer content slate from both ourselves with TRANSFORMERS and our partners, particularly at Disney.
Eric Handler: Okay. That’s helpful. And then as a follow-up, can we talk a little bit about DUNGEON & DRAGONS? You have now had a global launch of the movie. A lot of international markets haven’t really been exposed to D&D before. Can you maybe talk about your marketing strategy here to bring the game to more markets and how that’s going to play out?
Chris Cocks: Yes. I mean we are very enthused by the critical response and the fan response to the movie. It is by far the best reviewed movie in Hasbro’s history. And so we think it’s going to have a very long life, and it’s going to perform particularly well in post theatrical sales and streaming. And that’s important for us, because D&D is a very strong brand in North America. It’s well known in Europe and Asia, but not highly engaged or highly penetrated in those markets. And so like a great reviewed movie that has a lot of fan enthusiasm, is a perfect opportunity and a perfect entry point into the brand. And then I think the way that we will expand upon that over time is we are lowering the barriers to entry for the core games by initiatives that we have digitally, particularly the investments we are making in DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and beyond, and kind of what we call a virtual table top, which is kind of like a video game like experience for being able to play the game. And then we have a very aggressive lineup of new digital content and video games coming out, starting with Baldur’s Gate 3 this year, but then continuing on with other licenses that we haven’t yet announced as well as owned content that we have in production at Wizards Studios. And so I think really that kind of one-two punch of have entertainment, which makes the brand broadly accessible. And then add on to that low barrier entry digital experiences is really going to be kind of the flywheel that drives the brand’s growth over the next couple of years.
Eric Handler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks. Hey guys. Good morning and Deb, best of luck. It was a real pleasure working with you over the years. So, maybe to start, part of your original outlook, you had flagged $300 million of sales headwinds from outsourcing brands and foreign exchange. Is there an updated figure you can share there? How is the business tracking to that $300 million? And then I have a follow-up.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So, in Q1 we predicted that about $75 million of that $300 million would manifest, and that’s the case. We are not operating in Russia. We are not doing Disney Princess or Trolls or Sesame Street, and we are starting to out-license some of our secondary properties. We anticipate about 60% or so of that $300 million will manifest in the first half of the year. And really what we are seeing is, I think better-than-anticipated strength in our overall gaming portfolio, particularly MAGIC and D&D. And then we are starting to see some impacts around improved execution at retail, and across our marketing teams, particularly in our franchise brands that saw some decent POS across TRANSFORMERS. We see some momentum in core NERF. We see momentum in core Hasbro Gaming, PEPPA PIG and PLAY-DOH as well.
Drew Crum: Got it. Okay. Thanks Chris. And then maybe just my follow-up. Your forecast for the Wizards segment to achieve high-30s EBIT margin in ‘23, a little bit lower relative to the last few years, is that a reasonable range over the longer term, or would you anticipate margin expansion beyond ‘23, which feels like more of an investment year?
Chris Cocks: I would say high-30s is what we are targeting in the mid-term, for sure. We are investing pretty significantly in building out our digital capacity. Some of that is capitalized, but not all of it. And so I think as we start to launch those games, you will start to see kind of like the realization of those capitalized costs, which will impact kind of like the mid-term outlook for our margins. And then as we expand MAGIC in particular with things like Universes Beyond, it’s a great opportunity to bring in new players, but that’s going to be a little bit of a margin impact, both in terms of the royalties we spend as well as the development costs because those tend to be a little bit more intensive when you involve a second party. Now that said, we feel like that’s a really wise investment. When we attract a new MAGIC player, they typically stick around for 5 years to 7 years and they have an average revenue per user over that time in the $500 to $1,000 range. So, giving up a little bit of margin upfront to attract highly engaged, highly profitable fan segment, we think it’s a nice trade-off that helps us and helps our shareholders win over the long-term.
Drew Crum: Yes. Okay. Very helpful. Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Haas with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Jason Haas: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. And I would also like to say congratulations to Deb as well on your retirement, and best of luck on your future endeavors. In terms of my questions, I was curious for consumer products. Are you expecting POS improvement through the remainder of the year to get to down mid-single digit guidance? And can you just talk about what the drivers are in the rest of the year?
Chris Cocks: Yes. So, in terms of POS, I think Q1 was really about execution. It was about nuts and bolts working with our retailers, improving our positioning, improving our inventory outlook. Through the end of Q1, our retail inventory is down about 15%, which we think is a good down payment on the year. And we will continue to make steady progress in that in Q2 and Q3. Our owned inventory is up a bit, but most of that has to do with kind of the nature of Wizards production and load-in for our entertainment releases around action figures. Outside of Wizards and action figures, our owned inventory is actually down through Q1 as well. When we get into Q2 and Q3, I think we will add to that kind of disciplined execution with increased marketing support and content support with a host of blockbuster movies and great streaming content, whether it’s from us or from Disney. And then also, we are just going to have a lot more product innovation. Q1, we had a couple of new things that hit pretty well. Our Gel segment is doing pretty well inside of NERF. NERF Junior launched, and that’s doing pretty well to expand age segments inside of the NERF portfolio. But really, it’s Q2 and Q3, where all of our new games, a lot of our preschool innovation. I am particularly excited for Young Jedi Adventures with our partnership with Star Wars in preschool and what we can do there. As well as across the board, several new pieces of innovation that we haven’t announced yet, but we see a lot of retailer excitement for, that should add to the POS momentum.
Jason Haas: That’s great. And then can you just walk through the releases for MAGIC for 2Q versus 2Q last year, because I thought it was – I know you have said you are expecting to be down, I know that was the initial expectation for 2Q. But I just think we have loaded the range, which seems to be off to a good start. And then what’s that up against? Was that Kamigawa last year? Can you just kind of help frame up what causes the difficult compare?
Chris Cocks: Well, Kamigawa was Q1 of last year. Double Masters was in I believe second quarter last year. Really, it’s less of around the sell-through of the releases because we actually think the sell-through is going to be quite strong in Q2, and it’s the timing of the releases, particularly in the beginning of the quarter and then in Q3. So, like our March of the machines release this year comes a little bit earlier than last year’s comparable release. So, we had a little bit of Q1 shipped, which affects Q2. And then our major release for Q3 is about a month later year-over-year. So, last year we were able to ship a fair bit of our Q3 release at the end of Q2, whereas this year, almost all of that Q3 release will be shipped solely in Q3. So, while we are excited about the sell-through and the fan engagement potential of the Q2 releases, we actually for the quarter in terms of a sell-in perspective, are down about a set to a set and a half year-over-year.
Jason Haas: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Fred Wightman: Hey guys. I just wanted to follow-up on the retail inventory performance. It sounded like in the prepared remarks you expected that to be sort of cleaned up by the end of the first half. And then Chris, I thought you just made a comment that it could continue into 3Q. So, when do you sort of think that will be normalized? And is it a little bit sooner than you would have thought exiting last quarter?
Chris Cocks: Well, I would say we will get to pretty normal levels by the end of Q2, but there will be some additional kind of cleanup into Q3. That’s just the nature of the beast. In terms of our owned inventories, we made progress outside of Action Figures and Wizards in Q1, and we expect that to continue. I would say we will be done with about 50% to 60% of the job by the end of Q2, and should be pretty clean on kind of our aged inventory by the end of Q3 and entering Q4 in a pretty clean state, both for retailers as well as our owned and operated. Our goal for the year continues to be our overall inventories are down 25% or more with comparable levels exiting 2023 to what we exited 2021 at, which was historically low year for us.
Fred Wightman: Makes sense. So, if we think about the timing that you just touched on for the retail inventories and we think about sort of the year-over-year changes in some of the MAGIC releases, can you just help us think about the mix for the back half of the year as far as 3Q versus 4Q, like how do you sort of see that shaking out versus historical patterns? And how do you sort of see the back half of the year progressing versus that first half guide that you gave us?
Chris Cocks: Deb, do you want to take the follow-up?
Deb Thomas: Sure. So, historically the back half of the year has always been like in the high 60% range, and we expect it to get back to that this year. As far as the mix, as we talked about, we expect Q3 to be the biggest quarter for MAGIC this year. We have got very strong releases. Chris talked about the timing. And you will certainly see more sell-through. We shipped Lord of the Rings late in Q2, but the sell-through comes in Q3. So, when you think about the mix, we do expect the consumer to come back. We talked about that. It’s just a function of the timing. But we do expect a bigger quarter for MAGIC, just looking at timing and releases. But overall, we expect it to get back to that normalized rate in the back half of the year.
Fred Wightman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Debbie for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Sherry and thank you everyone for joining our call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours, and management’s prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. I would also like to let you know that Hasbro management will be participating in the Wolfe Research Leisure Conference on May 11 and 12 and the JPMorgan TMT Conference on May 22nd. Hope to see you there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro's Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures.  Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. Today's guidance assumes we retain the noncore entertainment, Film & TV business, notwithstanding the current marketing process. While there is no guarantee of such an outcome, if this process results in a sale, we will update our guidance. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks : Thank you, Debbie, and good morning. In October, we laid out our new strategic plan for Hasbro, Blueprint 2.0, built on fewer, bigger, more profitable brands; a sharpened focus on the categories where Hasbro can be best-in-class; an Operational Excellence program to speed our agility and improve our cost competitiveness; and growth initiatives in digital games, Hasbro content, direct-to-consumer and licensing. While Q4 proved to be a disappointment, particularly in our traditional toys and games segment, we made progress under the hood that meaningfully improved our bottom line and sets us up for margin expansion in 2023 despite what we anticipate will be a continued challenging consumer environment. Our transformation efforts are positioning Hasbro for success. In 2022, we identified $50 million in run rate cost savings that improved our Q4 earnings by over $20 million. In 2023, we anticipate our operational transformation will generate $150 million in run rate savings, money we are using to both reinvest in the business and improve our profit profile. We are also undertaking a significant organizational redesign that streamlines decision-making, puts the consumer at the center of everything we do and aligns the company behind core competencies in games and toys. Within our growth initiatives, our direct business comprised of MAGIC: Arena, D&D Beyond, Hasbro Pulse and MAGIC: Secret Lair was up 15% in 2022. Hasbro Pulse was our fastest-growing channel, increasing 70% on robust fan demand across premier industry entertainment properties. D&D Beyond delivered user growth in excess of 20% since we acquired the service in May of 2022; and, as forecasted, was EPS-accretive in Q4. Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming grew 5% in constant currency, outperforming a games market that, by most measurements, was flat to down, with MAGIC tabletop leading the growth. Importantly, we celebrated our first $1 billion brand in MAGIC: THE GATHERING, a huge milestone, not just for Hasbro, but for the thousands of hobby shops, our most important and assets growing channel for the brand and millions of fans who make both MAGIC and D&D more than just games, but vibrant, global communities. Our growth in Wizards was not without challenges. We navigated significant supply chain disruptions that while resolved for 2023, compressed our set release schedules in 2022, particularly in Q4. We were too aggressive in some of our pricing assumptions, notably our 30th anniversary edition of MAGIC and pulled back on available supply impacting Q4 results. Lastly, on D&D, we misfired on updating our open game license, a key vehicle for creators to share or commercialize their D&D inspired content. Our best practice is to work collaboratively with our community, gather feedback and build experiences that inspire players and creators alike. It's how we make our games among the best in the industry. We have since course-corrected and are delivering a strong outcome for the community and game. Our licensing business was up 5% for the year. Over the past several months, we've announced multiple strategic licensing partnerships, and we're excited to have top partners taking on iconic brands like FurReal Friends, Littlest Pet Shop and EASY-BAKE Oven, to name just a few. Our teams are focused on growing market share in the categories where we can lead. We had success in preschool with PEPPA PIG, creativity with PLAY-DOH and action, with strong growth in Hasbro's products from partner brands, Marvel, which had a record year; and Star Wars. Our focus on content is centering around Hasbro IP for the long term. Our sales process for the majority of eOne Film & TV is well underway, with strong interest in these valuable assets. We expect to have an update in the second quarter. Our content pipeline for Hasbro IP is set for growth in 2023 with the upcoming release of the feature films, Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves; and Transformers: Rise of the Beast, and a host of new and continuing preschool and kids shows from Transformers: EarthSpark to the new seasons of My Little Pony and PEPPA PIG to the new Kiya & the Kimoja Heroes on Disney Jr. and Disney+. Looking ahead, we are excited about the recently announced D&D live action series; and for next year, the animated Transformers feature film with our partners at Paramount. For 2023, we expect the toy and game market to continue the trends of Q4 into the first two to three quarters of the year, given the lingering effects of consumer inflation. We also see approximately $300 million of revenue headwinds from foreign exchange and exiting low-profit brands, licenses and businesses as part of the fewer, bigger, better pillar of our strategy. As a result, we anticipate revenue for the company to be down low single digits for the year, with consumer products down mid-single digits, Wizards of the Coast and Digital Games up mid-single digits and entertainment up low single digits. The progress we are making in our cost savings, Operational Excellence and focusing on key brand initiatives is expected to drive continued operating margin expansion of 50 basis points to 70 basis points. We made progress on both our owned and retailed inventory in the fourth quarter but have more work to do. The teams are focused on clearing inventory in addition to supporting our innovation. This will impact our growth rates and profits, most notably during the first two quarters of the year, which Deb will provide detailed comments on. We ended the year with $513 million in cash. As we sell through inventory and drive profit expansion, our cash flow is projected to grow during the year. As we announced earlier this week, we are maintaining our current category-leading dividend. We continue to prioritize investing to grow, delevering the balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. Given the challenging market context, our focus this year will be on increasing our operating profit margins and growing share in our focused categories. In outdoor, we are taking targeted pricing actions on NERF to compete at every price point, expanding the market with the introduction of NERF Jr. to kids 5 to 7 and winning share in the fast-growing JOE segment with all new innovations starting at a segment low of $19.99. In action, we have one of our strongest content lineups in a decade, including 6 blockbuster films, a host of new streaming series and some of the strongest new product innovation for Transformers in years, set against the launch of the Rise of The Beasts feature film in June. In preschool, we are excited by the continued global appeal of PEPPA PIG and our new line based on the upcoming hit series Young Jedi Adventures from Lucasfilm. In creativity, PLAY-DOH is growing share, and we are adding new compounds like Nickelodeon Slime and bringing best-selling innovation, our PLAY-DOH Ice Cream Truck, into the new year. And in games, we are adding all new innovation like the casual AR game, Twister Air, building on the best-selling CLUE: Escape Room series, extending our audiences in MAGIC with our newest universe Universes Beyond based on J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord the Ring series, Tales of Middle Earth, growing our distribution for MAGIC: Arena with our upcoming launch on Steam, and reaching all new global audience scale for D&D with our new blockbuster movie, Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves; and AAA video game, Baldur's Gate 3, from our partners at Larian later this year. Over the next 12 months, we will share more about some of the innovation we have coming to market in 2024 and beyond. To give you a sense of a few, in creativity, we see an amazing opportunity to grow that market and maintain audiences as they age up with new, innovative, character-centric and story-based play. In video games, we are excited to reveal an all-new sci-fi IP from Archetype Studios in Austin that we believe will be one of Hasbro's biggest in over 20 years. Selfie Series, our new custom action figure line gives a glimpse of the possible and Hasbro's early leadership investments in high-fidelity custom 3D printing, which has a long-term potential to introduce the concept of mass customization for toys and collectibles. In traditional role play, we see exciting possibilities in all new virtual table tops that unlock new consumer value choices, bring imaginations to life, taps into the scale effects of user-generated content and create seamless remote and in-play play possibilities across phones, PCs and tablets with AAA graphics and intuitive controls. And last but not least, we have some fun new twists on old favorites that will delight new generations of fans and introduce amazing new low price points supported by magical play innovation. As we think beyond 2023, our focus remains on growing more of our franchise brands to $1 billion businesses, extending our blueprints through partnerships, content and new digital experiences and driving significant bottom line and margin growth through a more focused, agile and leaner organization. In the near term, we will execute our focus category and inventory reduction plans to grow share, transform our organization and cost structure to drive innovation and improve margins and continue to invest in new categories, competencies and partnerships to set up Hasbro for robust long-term growth as we celebrate our 100th anniversary in 2023. I'll now turn the call over to Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Deb?
Deb Thomas : Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Over the course of 2022, we made meaningful progress to strengthen Hasbro by completing our strategy review, unveiling and beginning to implement Blueprint 2.0 and undertaking a significant transformation project to streamline our organization and priorities. While the end of 2022 did not meet our expectations, our focus on controlling what we can and making decisions to strengthen Hasbro for the future improved operating profit margin in a challenging environment.  Let me start with the balance sheet and our focus on disciplined cash management. Lower sales resulted in higher inventories on hand. At year-end, we had reduced our on-hand inventory levels by $168 million from the third quarter, but they were up $125 million from last year or 23%. This was driven by last year's revenue timing with early retailer purchases and our softer-than-planned Q4 sales. The timing of MAGIC releases in early 2023 and the increase in paper stock on hand also contributed to the growth. At retail, inventories were up low single digits across our top global markets, and Q4 POS trends indicate churn has slowed and with on hand increase. As a result, we estimate approximately $135 million of this is excess toy and game inventory at retail. Given our higher level of opening retail inventory as well as that from others in the industry, we expect a negative impact on first half retail orders. When we combine this with the fact that 60% of our approximately $300 million in revenue headwinds are in the first half of this year and the early timing of retail orders and shipments last year arising from supply chain challenges, we anticipate our first half revenue to be down approximately 20% compared to the first half of 2022 with Q1 revenue down approximately 25%. Operating cash flow was $373 million. We're forecasting 2023 operating cash flow in the historical $6 million to $7 million range. We continue to believe we'll reach a $1 billion-plus in operating cash flow level, but this is now most likely 2025 and beyond. We have sufficient cash to operate our business, meet our CapEx needs, including investing for growth, and funding our dividend. We continue to target debt-to-EBITDA of 2x to 2.5x. For 2023, we expect to make progress against this target. Pending the outcome of the sale of noncore Film & TV assets, we plan to prioritize the sale proceeds towards paying down debt. We remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating. At the same time, we're intensely focused on our cost savings goals and improving margins. Last year, we increased adjusted operating profit margin by 30 basis points, and we believe we have the potential to add an additional 50 basis points to 70 basis points this year. We achieved approximately $50 million in run rate cost savings and actualized $20 million in 2022, but this was partially offset in the year-end results due to the volume decline in consumer products. We remain on track for $150 million in annualized run rate cost savings for year-end 2023. This progress keeps us on the path to reach our targeted 20% operating profit margin in 2027, if not sooner, while also growing our existing business earnings and earnings per share over the period. As Chris mentioned earlier, the process for selling our noncore entertainment business remains on track, and we plan to update our guidance for our continuing business following the close of the transaction. With a portion of our cost savings, we're continuing to invest in our core initiatives: innovation, digital, direct and insights. We're focusing on higher-margin brands, moving out of lower churn businesses and simplifying our organization. We're in the middle of this transition and, as a result, reported charges last year for transformation activities, including severance and noncash asset impairments. In the fourth quarter, this included an impairment for POWER RANGERS. The impairment was triggered by our focused strategic approach to prioritize other brands in film development in the near term. Although an impairment charge was incurred, the brand continues to generate value and remains an important part of our brand portfolio. POWER RANGERS revenue grew last year. It's celebrating its 30th anniversary this year with a new scripted special on Netflix, the third season of Dino Fury and continued development on a young adult scripted series with writer/showrunner Jenny Klein and Jonathan Entwistle. Looking at our adjusted results for full year 2022, revenue, profit and earnings were impacted by lower-than-expected fourth quarter sales. Foreign exchange had a negative $166 million impact on full year revenue. Cost of sales was up 240 basis points due to higher product costs, inventory obsolescence, sales allowances and closeouts in our toy and game products. We benefited from higher product prices early in the year and lower freight expense as we moved through 2022. We anticipate an improvement in cost of sales to revenue share driven by our ongoing transformation efforts. Program amortization dollars declined on lower entertainment deliveries in the year. Royalties since declined on lower Partner Brand and entertainment revenue. At year-end 2022, we exited several third-party licenses, which will lower Partner Brand revenue and our royalty obligation this year while benefiting operating margin. We spent less on advertising last year, aligned with our focus on fewer brands and lower film advertising in our entertainment segment as we comped the MY LITTLE PONY movie in 2021 and supported our film releases in 2022. The team plans to increase advertising support of our key brands and categories in 2023, increasing the overall spend but with a much more targeted approach. SD&A declined in dollars in line with revenue, primarily due to lower bonus and equity compensation expense given the outcome of the year and lower depreciation related to 2021 video game launches. We also saw lower freight distribution expenses plans that have higher warehousing cost to consume with increased levels of inventory. In 2023, while we're achieving cost savings in this line item, given the timing to achieve the run rate on those savings, this line is forecasted to increase with more normalized compensation expenses planned. We expect this to impact 2023 by approximately $80 million with approximately $65 million impacting SD&A and the remainder in product development. For the current year, our outlook translates to an adjusted operating profit margin improvement of 50 basis points to 70 basis points. Our adjusted underlying tax rate for 2022, excluding discrete items, was 21.8%, in line with our projected rate for the year. In 2023, we expect our underlying adjusted rate to be between 20% to 21%. Looking at our segments, Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming revenues increased 5% in constant currency. Tabletop revenues were up 12% behind strong MAGIC: THE GATHERING releases. Digital declined 23%, which is expected given the comparison with the 2021 launches of the premium game, Dark Alliance and MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena Mobile. In 2023, digital revenue is forecast to increase with the launch of Baldur's Gate 3 from Larian with some revenue expected in the third quarter and increasing in the fourth quarter. MAGIC, D&D and digital remain investment priorities for Hasbro. Adjusted operating profit was $538.3 million, down 2% driven primarily by higher product costs, increased royalties due to MAGIC Universes Beyond and increased product development, partially offset by decreases in advertising, promotional and depreciation expense versus 2021 gaming launches as well as lower incentive compensation. As forecasted, adjusted operating profit margin decreased and was 40.6%. For the full year 2023, we expect mid-single-digit revenue growth in the segment. Also, as we continue to invest for future growth and expand our Universes Beyond products, we expect adjusted operating profit margin in the high 30% range. Consumer Products segment revenue decreased 7%, excluding a negative $117 million impact of foreign exchange, $92.3 million of which was in Europe. The segment's decline was led by lower revenues in North America and Europe, partially offset by growth in licensing in Latin America. Lower revenue, higher sales allowances, closeout and warehousing contributed to a decline in adjusted operating profit margin to 7.6%, which was partially offset by savings realized from our Operational Excellence program within cost of sales and distribution expense as well as lower airfreight, royalties, advertising and incentive compensation. For the full year 2023, Consumer Products revenue is expected to decline mid-single digits from full year 2022 with adjusted operating profit margin improvement of 150 basis points to 200 basis points from the adjusted op margin in 2022. The teams are executing against a robust entertainment play and strong innovation, but we're facing significant headwinds from exiting certain third-party licenses, transitioning several Hasbro brands from an in-house to license model, reducing recent inventory at retail, rightsizing certain markets and continued FX headwinds. As noted earlier, a significant portion of these headwinds are in the first half.  Entertainment segment revenue decreased 15% in constant currency. When adjusting for music, the segment declined 12%. Revenue was impacted by the timing of deliveries to partners in the TV side of the business and fewer film releases this year versus last. The TV business grew building on several successful scripted series, including The Rookie, Yellowjackets and Transformers with several new shows like The Rookie: Feds and The Recruit. Family Brands revenue decreased given My Little Pony: A New Generation was delivered to Netflix in 2021 without a comparable release in 2022 combined with decreases in digital revenue and lower content deliveries. The decrease in Music and Other primarily relates to the sale of the music business in the third quarter of 2021. For 2023, this revenue should be close to zero as we have exited these businesses. Total Entertainment segment adjusted operating profit decreased 19%. Lower revenues impacted profit and were partially offset by lower royalty, advertising promotion and compensation expense. For the full year 2023, we expect entertainment revenue to increase low single digits, and adjusted operating profit margin is expected to increase slightly from 8.6% in 2022. As Chris mentioned, Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves premiers in March. We co-funded this film with Paramount and will participate in the box office and associated entertainment revenues. Based on our share of box office, we expect entertainment revenue to begin being recognized in late Q3 and Q4 of this year. We expect the majority of the related cash receipts to occur in 2024. As we look ahead, the sales process for select Film & TV entertainment assets is ongoing. And the outcome will inform our long-term financials. We continue to anticipate growing revenue at a mid-single-digit CAGR and improving operating margins to 20% and potentially greater level in 2027. I couldn't be prouder of the work and dedication our teams have put into the business this past year. In the past several years, it's been dynamic, but they never shy away from a challenge. And while the year didn't end as we had planned, the Blueprint 2.0 strategy is in place, our teams are aligned behind us, and we're well along the path of executing that plan. Before I close, since we last spoke in October, I announced my plans to retire from Hasbro. I remain committed to this company and team and will stay until my successor is in place and there's an orderly transition. During my time at Hasbro, we've accomplished more than I could have imagined. And I know this company has even more amazing accomplishments ahead of it. Thank you for your partnership and support of Hasbro all these years. It's a hard decision, but I am confident that Hasbro is in good hands.  We are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. 
Arpine Kocharyan : So down 20% in the first half means that back half needs to be up mid-single digits for the year -- for the second half. I guess, what visibility do you have on that 5% to 6% growth in the second half? And does that include any assumption for a recession or not particularly sort of steady-state macro picture? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Chris Cocks : No worries. Yes. So we look at the first half, we look at a couple of different factors. The first is we see -- we saw a difficult Q4 in the consumer discretionary sector as a whole and in toys and games, in particular. We would anticipate that, that's going to continue in Q1 and Q2 and potentially roll into at least part of Q3 as well before starting to normalize in Q4 back to a more traditional growth level. So that's one set of headwinds that we factored in. The other one that we're looking at is 2021 had historically an unusual sales pattern with it. Retailers were buying much earlier in the year. We were playing catch-up from 2020, particularly in Q1, in terms of fulfilling orders, and we don't see that happening this time. Actually, we see retail inventory not unhealthy but still having a little bit of an overhang given the slowing consumer demand that we saw in Q4. So we see kind of demand starting to normalize, I think something like -- we were something like 57% of our sales for second half last year. And this year, we probably see that in the 60% to 65% range, which is more historically normal for 2019 and before. So that has something at play. And then we just look at our overall release calendar across Wizards of the Coast, across our entertainment segment and across consumer products. And we have a pretty exciting Q3 in terms of new products across all of them and a lot of entertainment that's going to be coming out in Q2 and having a nice kind of halo effect into Q3 and Q4. So that's kind of what informed our overall quarterly mix and half mix and some of the assumptions we made in it. Deb, do you have anything to add?
Deb Thomas : Yes. No, I would just agree, Chris. I think we see 2022 was a bit of an anomaly in the order pattern early in the year. And we do expect to get back to those historical shipment patterns. We think retailers will closer to the holiday season, that's typical, and we also see that in our business. And with all the entertainment, we're really excited. 
Chris Cocks : Great. Arpine, you had a follow-up.
Arpine Kocharyan : Yes. This is super helpful, perhaps partially answers my second question, but I'm still going to ask this because I've been getting a lot of feedback from investors as well on this sort of math. So I'm calculating about 5 percentage points of revenue headwind from just giving up the Disney Princess and Frozen license for the consumer product mix, plus you have about 3 points to 4 points of inventory overhang. And you're guiding to that segment, Consumer Products business, to be down mid-single digit. Could you just walk us through what is growing to offset that 4 points of overhang? I think you had a good rundown on some of the TRANSFORMERS stuff, obviously, D&D. And also while we are added, could you give us a sense where the D&D merchandise is going to be reported? Is this going to be -- is there anything in Consumer Products? Or all of that is going to be within the Wizard segment?
Chris Cocks : Yes. So I think as we've reported in the past, the average that we experienced over the last several years on Disney Princesses was about $250 million of revenue with the peak in around 2019 with blast Frozen movie. Last year, we were well off that peak as we were starting to exit that business and it transitioned to another company. So that would be how I would think about in modeling that.  And then, yes, we see about $135 million of inventory overhang at retail. And then we have a little bit less than that in terms of inventory that we're holding on to as well. We think that will take the full year to kind of move through, but I think we'll move through a good hunk of that and our fair share in the first two quarters of the year. And then when we look at kind of what the growth vectors are, we have a strategy where we want to grow in five focus categories, and we have a plan for each of those categories. In outdoor action, which is helmed by NERF, we have an exciting lineup of new gel blasters that go after older consumers. We launched that in fall of last year, and the Mythic was our #1 item and I think one of the #1 items in the category after that launch. We're going to be building out that category. And then on the opposite side of the market for kids 5 to 7, we have an all-new lineup of NERF junior products. That expands the markets down to lower age ranges with greater economics and I think really strong consumer insights associated with that. And then we're also doing some fairly aggressive pricing actions to make sure that we have compelling products at every winning price point from $10 to $20 to $30 on up. On action, we have a very robust entertainment slate. Between six blockbuster films and a host of new streaming series and kids animation supporting it, it's fair to say, you could quote me, that I think we have a stack lineup. And that's going to help us in Q2. It's not going to fully offset some of the headwinds that we see in Q2, but it's going to help. And I think that's going to have dividends in Q3 and Q4. Then in creativity, PLAY-DOH was one of our top-performing growth brands last year. It grew share inside of the creativity space. We have new compounds. I think we have some best sellers that we're going to be annualizing this year and expanding distribution on. So we feel pretty good about where PLAY-DOH is going to go. On preschool, PEPPA PIG continues to be one of the top entertainment brands for little kids of any stripe and we continue to feel good about that product line. And our partnership in Disney has never been stronger. Spidey and His Amazing Friends was one of the top new properties in preschool. And we feel really bullish on Star Wars: Young Jedi Adventures. We think that's going to be an amazing show and a super compelling product line that will come out later this year. In games, when you look at our games portfolio, we feel pretty good about the innovation we have there. We just came back from Nuremberg Toy Fair, got great feedback on Twister Air, a really strong feedback on CLUE and kind of the balance of the line. So we're feeling good about the innovation there. And then certainly, Wizards of the Coast, continues to crank out really strong products. Phyrexia, our latest Phyrexia set is doing quite well out of the gates. Early on in Q1, Dominaria Remastered was our January set release and that sold very, very well. So we feel good about the fundamentals of MAGIC. D&D continues to grow at pace, and we have a fantastic entertainment lineup there and really starting to build out the four quadrant nature of our products across that lineup. And then we have several new products that we've talked about in certain toy fairs and with retailers that we haven't yet had a chance to announce yet, but I think people will be pretty pleased with those. And the retailer reaction that we're getting I think, indicates some incremental growth vectors that we'll talk about more later this year. Deb, anything to add? 
Deb Thomas : Yes. I would just -- just to comment on the D&D. We will see some revenue coming through our Consumer Products division as well as Wizards of the Coast. And as I commented earlier, from an entertainment standpoint, based on when the movie is released and our share of the box office, we expect to see that later in the year, maybe some in the third quarter, probably more in the fourth quarter. And the cash that's associated with that will come really in 2024 in a meaningful way. But we're very excited about that release. So Arpine, that's the first thing you're going to see traveling through the Blueprint. And well, it's a great brand, and we're very excited, and we're looking forward to bringing more fans into this brand who can really enjoy it for years to come because it is a great brand that can be enjoyed by people of all ages.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Eric Handler with ROTH MKM. 
Eric Handler : First, with regards to Wizards of the Coast, do you expect MAGIC to grow in 2022? And then as we think about the cadence, I imagine it will look a little bit different than Consumer Products, I would think your toughest comp for MAGIC is in the fourth quarter, your easiest comp is in the third quarter. I'm not sure how to think about the first half of the year.
Chris Cocks : Sure. Eric, yes, I think the question was will it grow in 2023. It grew pretty well in 2022. Yes, we expect MAGIC to grow. I think the growth will be a bit moderated versus what we saw in prior years. We're taking some of the feedback to heart. We had some supply chain issues last year, which forced us to compress our release schedules, particularly in October of this year due to a couple of releases slipping from April and August into October along with our regularly scheduled releases. We're going to be spacing those out in a more even basis. We think we've got to handle on all the supply chain issues that we had with paper stock and local paper production. So that will change the nature of what our revenue distribution is by quarter. In general, I think we expect MAGIC and Wizards to have a good Q1. Q2 is actually our toughest comp of the year, and we think that will actually be down just given the nature of moving some releases around. Q3 should be a very strong quarter. And actually, we think Q4 will be a pretty solid quarter as well when you look across the Wizards business.
Eric Handler : Great. And then just as a follow-up to that. When you look at MAGIC and the vectors for growth, you have a very full release slate, you pulled a lot of levers there. So is the growth for MAGIC now pretty much just predicated on expanding the player base? And what do you do to keep that player base growing?
Chris Cocks : Well, MAGIC is arguably one of our most innovative product and design teams. I would never discount their ability to figure out new ways to engage players and delight our fans. They've had a pretty good track record. We've grown that brand for 13 out of the last 14 years. And I think the one year, it was down, it was down maybe 2% or 3%. That was actually my first year on the business. We turned that around pretty significantly, I think, over the last five years.  So as we think about growing MAGIC, we always think about, okay, how can we engage our existing players more, how can we find new fans and then how can we attract lapsed fans. And I think that's going to be the magic formula for this year as well. I think we have some exciting new initiatives. I think one of -- the one I'm most looking forward to, and I think we've seen some early success is Universes Beyond. Our Warhammer set that we released in October of last year, we couldn't keep in stock. That's on its third reprint. It's doing very, very well. I think our hobby shops and our retail partners are thrilled by it. And as big of an IP as Warhammer is, we're going to be going out with the OG of fantasy with Lord of the Rings come this June. We think that's a big fan base. It's a very ripe adjacency for MAGIC: THE GATHERING. And we think it's a great opportunity for Lord of The Rings to introduce them to our fan base and help kind of grow their business. And an awesome opportunity to introduce Lord of the Rings fans who love Fantasy into a deep strategic game like MAGIC. So I think that will be both an opportunity to attract new fans and also add some collector surprises as well for our existing fans.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Megan Alexander with JPMorgan.
Megan Alexander : Maybe just ask Arpine's question in a little bit of a different way. So is the $300 million that you cited in brand exits and market exits, is that all in Consumer Products? And if so, the excess inventory and that $300 million would represent a 12-point headwind which would suggest you expect core growth maybe in that high single-digit range in the context of the overall consumer products guide. So first, is that right? And then if so, can you maybe tell us how that compares to what those brands the core brands did in 2022? And what drives your expectation for such strong share gains relative to your expectation for the industry to be flat to down? 
Chris Cocks : Sure. Megan, good talking with you. If you -- in our investor deck, we have a waterfall, which walks through our expectations of $300 million of headwinds in the -- on the slide that says 2023 outlook, just in case you want to take a look at it after the call. We do see that $300 million headwind spread across business, but it is concentrated in Consumer Products. We're exiting several rather significant licenses this year like Disney Princesses and Sesame Street and Trolls. Those were pretty low margin businesses for us. Frankly, they were negative margin businesses for us in aggregate, but it does have a top line effect. We've transitioned several of our in-house brands like EASY-BAKE Oven, Littlest Pet Shop into an out-licensing model. So we think that will be accretive on a bottom line basis, but it will impact our top line because some of those brands drive meaningful revenue. And we'd likely have a few more planned that we have yet to announce. FX is certainly a continued headwind that we're anticipating certainly in the first half of the year, more notably than the second half as we comp FX, and that will affect all of our businesses. But CP tends to be our most internationally exposed. We exited a couple of entertainment businesses last year. One that's called secret location, had meaningful top line, not so meaningful bottom line, that was a location-based business, and then a couple of digital businesses and also some theatrical distribution that will impact entertainment. And then, of course, Russia, we exited Russia in March of last year. And so that comp will be most difficult in Q1. So when we add all that together, it adds up to about $300 million of total revenue headwinds. We see about 60% of that hitting in the first half of the year and the balance in the second half. But then when we look at kind of like our release calendar for entertainment, for Wizards and for our Consumer Products business, we look at kind of the retail promotions we have lined up, the feedback we're getting and the volumetric testing that we're doing on the items because we've expanded that basically threefold this year versus what we did for 2022, we feel like the second half of the year, when you combine that with what we anticipate will be improving macroeconomic conditions, should yield the growth that we have projected.
Megan Alexander : Okay. And maybe a follow-up for Deb. When you look at the expected margin improvement, can you just talk through some of the puts and takes? It seems like from what you said, you should have SG&A deleverage, advertising, deleverage, so the improvements coming mostly from cost of sales and royalties? And can you maybe give any more color on the phasing or timing of that improvement considering the retail overhang and your owned inventory being a bit higher?
Deb Thomas : Right, of course. And you actually have hit it. I mean we're spending more on advertising, and we're making it much more focused. And again, if you look at Blueprint 2.0 and our focus on the consumer, you'll see more of that spend clearly against the consumer as we go forward. In 2022, we had a significant amount of sales allowances, and we talked about that in our prepared remarks. And we had a significant amount of closeouts. We do have some additional inventory. We'll be looking at closing out over the course of this year. That's built into our assumptions. We have that every year. And our inventory build, if we look at it, a big piece of it was preparing for the early releases of MAGIC: THE GATHERING and making sure we have paper on stock to print because that was in shortage -- short supply last year. . So as we look at that, the closeouts that are in our own inventory, we see sending -- selling those out at the right time for both us and for retailers to maximize the profit on that. So you see the impact on our gross margin won't be as significant as it was in 2022 and all of the sales allowances. I mean it was important for us to reduce our inventory on hand at retail from where it's at in the third quarter. And we did have a lot of sales allowances in 2022 associated with that. So when you look at the reduction in sales allowances, you look at maximizing our closeouts go forward and, honestly, our cost savings. And we have a slide on this as well in our presentation. I think it's on Page 24. We continue to expect a very large percentage of our cost savings initiatives as part of our Operational Excellence program to come out of our cost of sales line. So it's -- that’s the piece that -- and I'm sorry, I apologize if we're getting some feedback. It seems to be me. That's not -- that gets -- it gets a fuzzy sound, but that's okay. As we look at that, we do see a significant portion of our cost savings coming out of our cost of sales line. So we expect cost of sales to be much more normalized as a percent of revenue in 2023 than we did in 2022 because of all those actions we took to make sure that we are being better positioned for 2023 as well as retail.
Megan Alexander : Okay. So just to put a fine point on that, it doesn't sound like you -- the profit improvement is as heavily weighted to the second half as the revenue is. Is that fair?
Deb Thomas : I think the challenge -- we expect to get the profit improvement throughout the year. I will say, based on some of the actions we've taken in connection with our Operational Excellence program, you will see more of the savings in the back half of the year. And that was really the comment we were trying to make on SG&A and admin. We'll see that impact in product development and in SG&A. However, we do have some headwinds in those lines, too. Overall, the first half of the year is a smaller part of the year for us. So the impacts are a bit greater when you look at the overall revenue.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick Johnson : I wanted to pick apart the $300 million revenue headwind just a little bit more. In particular, the brands that you're out-licensing to other toy partners. What portion of that $300 million is that? Because I thought you said on your Analyst Day that it will be about $250 million to $300 million or somewhere in that range or $200 million to $250 million maybe. So what will it be this year of that $300 million?
Deb Thomas : Of the $300 million this year, it would be slightly -- it would be -- maybe about -- it will be less than 1/3. Think about the timing of it. So we said, over time, we expect that revenue to be about $250 million. You're 100% right. If I look at that impact from '21, it would be about $100 million. This year, it would be -- from 2022, it would be less than that. And the reason why is we're providing an orderly transition to a license model. That's what's helping our operating profit as well. So we are losing revenue on that. We still will have some in 2022, but you'll see us transition out of that over time, and it will be a lower revenue number but a more profitable revenue number for us. 
Chris Cocks : For instance, FurReal would be a handoff throughout the year. 
Deb Thomas : Right.
Gerrick Johnson : Sorry, what was that, Chris? 
Chris Cocks : For instance, Fur Real Friends would be a handoff that would happen throughout the year and a couple of the ones that we haven't announced yet would be a handoff throughout the year with the full transition by 2024.
Gerrick Johnson : Right, right. It's going to take them a little while. I got it. Okay. Then my second question would be on the inventory number, the $676 million of inventory. Also your channel inventory why couldn't you be more aggressive in liquidating your owned inventory? Why couldn't you be more aggressive in in-store promotions to get rid of the inventory at retail? It just didn't seem like you were very aggressive in in-store promotions.
Chris Cocks : Well, we can. I think it's just a choice of how do we maximize the asset and maximize the returns for it. So our view is by being a bit more parsimonious about how we dole it out quarter-over-quarter, we'll be able to maximize the margin return that we have on the inventory.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime Katz : I have a couple of clarifications actually. I think during the prepared comments, you guys had noted that Q4 POS turns had slowed, but I don't know if you delineated whether that meant they went negative or if they were still positive at retail. So would you be able to clarify that?
Chris Cocks : Yes. Our POS was down in toys and games last year by the mid-teens kind of mark overall, which was slower than what we saw for the balance of the year. So that's kind of where that comment was generated. Wizards of the Coast saw strong turns, but that's not captured in our POS tracking, at least the public POS tracking. And our direct business and our licensors saw healthy gains as well. 
Jaime Katz : Okay. And then I think there was a comment that EBIT could be higher than 20%. And I want to make sure that's not contingent on the sale or divestiture of that entertainment business that, that comment was made sort of as the business as is. But theoretically, if you guys did divest that entertainment business, that cost structure or profit structure would actually have more upside opportunity if I'm thinking about that right.
Chris Cocks : Yes. So I think all of our forward guidance is on an as-is basis, where it's assumed that entertainment stays with us. Now obviously, we're in a sales process, and that's pretty far advanced. So we feel like, by midyear, we'll be able to have a significant update on where we see that going. The comment that Deb made was we're still targeting 2027 for a 20% operating profit margin. We might be able to beat that by a couple of quarters. But right now, we're maintaining 2027 as a target. Assuming a sale happens as the majority of the noncore TV and film assets, I think we could accelerate that target quite significantly.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Linda Bolton-Weiser with D.A. Davidson.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: I got on a little bit late. So sorry if like I missed this. But I think the thing that was surprising the most about the fourth quarter results we all understand what was going on with toys. But the miss on the entertainment revenue, to me, that's something that was projectable because you have deliveries, et cetera. So can you -- sorry, again, if I missed it, but what are the key reasons that you had trouble projecting what the revenue would be for entertainment in the fourth quarter?
Chris Cocks : No problem. Linda, thanks for joining the call. for entertainment, it really just had to do with timing of deliveries that our partners, our network partners wanted. And to a certain degree, we're a vendor working on their behalf, and they have a fair degree of flexibility about when they'll accept deliveries on products. We had assumptions that we would be able to achieve by end of December some of these deliveries. And some of them got moved out not just by a couple of weeks but by several quarters as they're managing their own P&Ls. And so that's what really drove the material difference.
Linda Bolton-Weiser : Okay. And then just -- there's just so many things going on here in 2023. But if you had to just boil it down to maybe the one or two key things that you have to execute in order to drive the top line and then the same question on the margin performance, like what would be the key thing in your mind out of all these different things you need to do are the most critical to succeed at?
Chris Cocks : Well, I think on the top line, when you're looking at a market that's flat to potentially down for a year, it's a share gain. So we need to execute against our five focus categories and deliver the right pricing, the right promotion at retail and make sure we get our product in there and well assorted. We missed our marks on that in 2022 in too many areas. We grew in 2. We grew in creativity and preschool, but we need to grow more fulsomely across all of them. . And so when we look at our product road map, when we look at the quantitative testing we've been doing and we look at the promotions we have in place, both pricing as well as what we're doing just to drive kind of availability of product, we feel better positioned for that for 2023. I think the second thing we have to do to drive the top line is responsibly manage down our inventory. And we'll be doing a good hunk of that in Q1 and Q2, but I think that also gets back to your bottom line question, which is, hey, we need to do that responsibly and not just make a fire sale because that's not going to help our bottom line and ultimately not help our capacity to be able to fund our growth initiatives. And then the last thing I think you really need to look at for bottom line, last two things, internally, this wouldn't be as available to you, but it's a big area of focus for us. It's making sure we have really robust demand planning and supply chain management in place. I feel really good about the team that we're building around that, but that's going to be something that we need to improve our marks on and then driving our savings goals. We have $150 million gross savings goal for this year. We'll be reporting on that every quarter in terms of progress. And that's going to be a meaningful bucket of money that will drive both bottom line performance and help to fund increases in our advertising and promotion budget and our ability to be price competitive.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Jason Haas with Bank of America.
Jason Haas : I had one follow-up on -- I think the question was asked on the cadence of Wizards of the Coast segment revenue. I think you said -- or I think the guidance is for mid-single-digit revenue. It sounds like, last year, there were some releases that got pushed to the second half of the year. So I was just curious is the expectation that Wizards will again have sort of a back half weighted year? Or is that mid-single digits is sort of a fair run rate to use in each of the quarters? Just trying to get a sense of the cadence there.
Chris Cocks : Yes. So on Wizards of the Coast and MAGIC in particular, as I talked in Eric's question, I think you should expect in up Q1 down Q2, a significant up Q3 and then a fair up in Q4. And that's just based on release timing. Last year, we had an April release that had to push by about six months into October, and we had an August release that had to push about two months into October. We don't feel like we're going to have that issue again. We feel like we're pretty well ahead of our supply chain issues, and the capacity of our vendors is pretty good. But that's generally how I think about it. Wizards doesn't have the seasonality of the overall Consumer Products business. It's more release-driven. So that's how I would look at it. MAGIC is going to be a pretty big component of their revenue for this year. The other thing I'd note -- the only other thing I'd note is there is quite a big D&D component that will happen in Q3 and Q4 with the release of Baldur's Gate 3. Even though that's a licensed product, it's a pretty -- we have fair sized expectations about what that product is going to do. It was one of the most successful early access products in history on Steam. And that will have meaningful revenue impact starting in Q3 and even more so in Q4 for D&D.
Jason Haas : That's helpful. And then you mentioned -- I think you described it as a misfiring on some of the proposed changes for the OGL. Was there any sort of financial impact to that in the first quarter? I think that, I guess, the controversy is kind of behind us at this point, but just curious if there's anything to look out for in 1Q.
Chris Cocks : Yes. I mean we had some subscription cancellations, but they were comparatively minor in the totality of both the D&D P&L and the Wizards P&L. Of course, we take anything like that seriously. We're in contact with the people who canceled. And in general, what we're finding is a lot of them are very open to restarting their subscriptions. D&D Beyond is a great platform. It's a really good value. And it's something that's been a good growth vector for us. We find it -- we feel about eight months into owning the asset, it's been a really good purchase for us. It was EPS accretive within six months of joining the company. And we had over 20% user growth through the end of 2022, and the revenue growth was roughly commensurate with the user growth as well. So I think D&D should be on pace for a healthy 2023 with everything we have going on. .
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Matthew Catton with Jefferies.
Matthew Catton : The only question that I have left would be around -- you talked about some of the impacts of D&D Beyond being fully in the model for 2023 as well as the impact in the back half from Baldur's Gate. But is there any initiatives to maybe jump start revenue again within MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena on mobile and PC during 2023? Or are some of those initiatives further out in the out years?
Chris Cocks : Matt, thanks for joining. Yes, I think the biggest thing on arena is going to be the release on Steam in, I think, we're targeting Q3. the reason for the time line to get to Q3 is we're reinventing what the new player experience is as we start to expand that so that it's an easier onboarding and a more fun way to learn how to play what is a super deep but can be a difficult learning curve game. . So we think Steam is going to help open up the game to more users. Obviously, we think there will be some decent revenue growth associated with that. Over the midterm, we continue to evaluate consoles, particularly Xbox and PlayStation platforms. And I think that will be an interesting opportunity for us but likely in 2024 and beyond. And then we continue to invest in figuring out new ways in which we can express MAGIC digitally. I mean if you think about the success of MAGIC over the last five years, the success really has been driving like this, what we call, a segmentation strategy where we are offering bespoke products to new segments of consumers that we either were underserving before or not serving it all before. And there's formats like Commander, which is a four-player version of the game that's highly social. I'm enthused, as I know Cynthia and the team is, figuring out how we can get like a true multiplayer experience beyond two players for MAGIC digitally. And then I think we're still intrigued by digital collectibility. I don't think you'll find us kind of going after the passing fad at the minute. But we do think digital collectibility is going to be a thing, and it's going to stick. And so we continue to invest R&D about what the right approach is for that, whether doing it ourselves or doing it through a partner.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the call back over to Debbie Hancock for any closing comments.
Debbie Hancock : Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours, and management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro’s Chief Executive Officer and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Deb providing commentary on the company’s performance. Then we will take your questions. Eric Nyman, Hasbro’s President and Chief Operating Officer; Cynthia Williams, President of Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming; Darren Throop, President and CEO of eOne; and Steve Bertram, President, eOne Film and TV will join for the Q&A portion of the call. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thank you, Debbie and good morning. We expected Q3 to be our most challenging quarter of 2022 based on product release and ship timings in our Consumer Products segment as well as release cadences in our Games and Entertainment businesses. Revenue for the quarter was $1.68 billion, down 12% in constant currency and down 15% at actual rates versus 2021. Adjusted operating profit was $271 million or a 16.1% OP margin, down 31%. Revenues were impacted due to innovation timing, including later product releases in NERF and games this year versus last, accelerated direct import shipments in our Consumer Products segment, which shifted revenues from Q3 to Q2 and release calendar more heavily Q2 and Q4 weighted for our Wizards and Digital Gaming and Entertainment businesses. We have also seen the average consumer become increasingly price-sensitive as the year has progressed, impacting point of sales trends. Promotions and entertainment field demand have become increasingly important and will be key in the quarters ahead. For instance, our most recent Prime Day last week saw Hasbro volume increased mid double-digits year-over-year, among the top toy and game performances. The ongoing growth of key brands like Peppa Pig and My Little Pony speak to the power of driving great entertainment to reach audiences and inspire demand. In Q4, we will be kicking off an unprecedented lineup of entertainment, starting with Marvel Studios’ Black Panther: Wakanda Forever and extending well into 2023. Operating profit margins were impacted by a combination of more aggressive closeout actions in Consumer Products and the shift in mix of deliveries in our Wizards and Digital Gaming and Entertainment segments. For Q4, we are projecting Hasbro’s revenue to be approximately flat on a constant currency basis, buoyed by growth in My Little Pony, Peppa Pig, Marvel, starting lineup and key gaming brands, in particular, our Wizards and Digital Gaming segment behind one of our best Q4 Magic slates ever, as we kick off the brand’s 30th anniversary and celebrate Hasbro’s first ever $1 billion brand. Fourth quarter adjusted operating profit for the company is expected to improve by mid double-digits year-over-year driven by a more favorable product mix, improvements in distribution, disposal of low-profit non-core businesses and the impact of our new operational excellence program we announced at our Investor Day on October 4. For the year, we are expecting revenues for Hasbro to be flat to slightly down on a constant currency basis. We continue to expect adjusted operating profit margin to increase 50 basis points to 16%. We also expect inventory levels to be up low single-digits year-over-year. We have a strong balance sheet and a plan that accelerates cash generation going forward. Deb will speak to this in more detail shortly. At our Investor Day, we introduced our new strategic approach to our blueprint, Blueprint 2.0, which positions us to accelerate growth with a focus on games, digital and direct and demonstrates our commitment to deliver superior shareholder return with a plan to grow adjusted operating profit by 50% by year end 2025. This profit improvement will be driven by a focus on fewer, bigger brands with billion dollar potential, growing our high profit games and licensing businesses and driving significant savings via our operational excellence program. This initiative will help us drive $250 million to $300 million of annual run-rate savings by year end 2025, including a $50 million run-rate level already achieved in 2022 that is helping to fuel our bottom line growth in Q4. This management team isn’t satisfied with our performance in Q3. Our new plan has already begun and will gather momentum over the coming quarters. Our high-margin games business is on track for growth in Q4, anchored by a must-have Magic lineup, including the first time our fans can buy the iconic card, the Black Lotus, in over 25 years. We added the viral sensation Wordle: The Party Game for fans of all ages to our industry-leading games portfolio for this holiday. We are innovating in key brands like NERF with our new GelFire blasters for fans 14 and older. We will extend our growing leadership in high-margin, high-potential categories like pre-school with leading brands, including Peppa Pig and our products for Marvel’s Spidey and His Amazing Friends as well as creativity with PLAY-DOH, brands where we have revenue and POS momentum like the already hot-selling PLAY-DOH Ice Cream Truck. And we will drive a multi-quarter flywheel of momentum with one of our best entertainment lineup ever starting this November with Marvel Studios’ Black Panther: Wakanda Forever and extending into 2023 with 6 more blockbuster films and 20 scripted and unscripted shows we are merchandising behind, including the upcoming Hasbro event films, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS: Honor Among Thieves in March and Transformers Rise of the Beast in June. The plan we laid out earlier this month has us on path to drive growth and accelerated profits through focus and scale and enhanced operational excellence. We are concentrating on the brands that give us the biggest growth potential and where we can truly lead and innovate in the category. We will license out brands where we can make a greater return through a partner model, in some cases, extracting value from dormant assets. And we will exit businesses that don’t drive branded entertainment through our Blueprint 2.0. We will pair this operational discipline and entertainment-fueled innovation with a continued emphasis on returning cash to shareholders and driving superior long-term shareholder returns. Hasbro’s commitment to our category-leading dividend is rock solid. And when paired with the potential of our brands, the growing impact of our operational excellence program and an outstanding entertainment lineup, we believe it positions Hasbro as an exceptional value for shareholders with strong near and long-term potential returns. With that, I will turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Deb Thomas. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Good morning everyone. The third quarter results reflect the timing shifts we have forecasted since early in the year. These include release timing for Magic: The Gathering card sets, entertainment deliveries and several product launches and key brands happening in early fourth quarter as well as a shift in retail promotional period. Foreign exchange has negatively impacted revenue by $104 million year-to-date, with $54 million of that impact in the third quarter. And as we have projected, the macro environment for the consumer has been challenging, increasingly so as the year has progressed. As we shared earlier this month, we have set an aggressive and achievable plan to drive profitable growth over both the near and long-term. We are focusing on fewer brands, where we see the biggest potential. Essential in the delivery of this plan is an operational excellence program to deliver $250 million to $300 million in annualized run-rate cost savings by year end 2025. We recorded a $55.3 million charge this quarter associated with the implementation of this program primarily from the impairment of assets from non-core businesses we are exiting within the Entertainment segment as well as severance and employee-related costs. We continue to believe we can deliver a 16% adjusted operating profit margin for this year. This reflects the favorable mix of revenue and leaning into above-average margin businesses like Wizards and Digital Gaming, including the continued activation of D&D Beyond, which is expected to be earnings accretive in Q4. We coupled this with a heightened focus on bottom line discipline, including the operational excellence savings we are driving across our business. Our balance sheet remains strong and is well positioned to meet demand in the fourth quarter. Our early commitment to inventories impacted our cash generation in the near-term. The quarter end cash balance was $551.6 million compared to $1.2 billion in last year’s third quarter with operating cash flows year-to-date of $262.2 million. Cash is at a lower than historical level and this is typically the low point in our cash balances during the year. We expect a lower cash balance this year end in 2021 as we have returned $125 million to shareholders through share repurchase, paid $289 million in dividends thus far, bolstered our digital strategy with $146 million acquisition of D&D Beyond and repaid $73 million of long-term debt. Incremental year-over-year promotional activity is occurring behind our key holiday toy and game items to drive our newest innovation while also reducing inventory on hand at Hasbro and at retail. Overall, our inventory continues to be of high quality, but our goal is to work down the balance by year end and you will see that in our outlook and results. While cash at year end is projected to be below historical levels, our go-forward plan accelerates our cash generation with a high-end target of $1 billion in operating cash flow next year increasing annually off that level as we move forward toward our 2027 targets. We remain committed to delevering our balance sheet, maintaining our investment grade rating and are on track to meet our debt to EBITDA target of 2x to 2.5x next year. We continue to return cash to you, our shareholders, through our dividend program and anticipate increasing share repurchase in future years. Looking more closely at the quarter, operating profit declined in dollars and as a percentage of revenue from the same period last year. This primarily reflects lower gross margin and lower revenue. This is largely in our Consumer Products business, which incurred a greater amount of sales allowances in the third quarter of this year versus last, lowering net revenues and higher product costs. Additionally, we increased provisions on some slower moving inventory in certain markets. The impact of foreign exchange had a pass-through effect of negative 3% on gross margin due to translation. These factors are reflected in a 380 basis point increase in cost of sales to revenue that was partially offset by lower program amortization on lower entertainment deliveries. Lower entertainment deliveries in the quarter also resulted in lower royalties. Product development increases reflect investment in key talent, particularly within Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming. Advertising was down versus Q3 of last year, which included spend behind the My Little Pony movie and we shifted our consumer product advertising spend closer to the holiday and closer to retailers’ planned promotional periods. Adjusted intangible amortization increased, reflecting the D&D Beyond acquisition. This added $1.7 million in the quarter and is forecasted to be $7.5 million next year. SG&A dollars declined in the quarter on an adjusted basis, but increased as a percentage of revenue. Below operating profit, non-operating income was $13.2 million, up from an expense of $1.2 million last year. This was primarily the result of a favorable net gain on foreign exchange, which we do not expect to repeat in Q4. Last year’s third quarter, we had a $9.1 million cost from the early repayment of debt. The underlying adjusted tax rate, excluding discrete items, was 19.9% versus 23.4% last year. And we expect the full year underlying rate in a range of 20.5% to 21.5%. Looking at our segments, Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming revenues declined 13% in constant currency. Tabletop revenues declined 9% as a result of release timing, but are up 5% through the first 9 months of the year. As Cynthia said earlier this month, we are forecasting double-digit growth for Magic: The Gathering this year led by strong growth in tabletop. Digital and licensed gaming declined 37% based on release timing and reflecting the difficult comparison with the launch of the premium game Dark Alliance and the tail end of the launch impact from Magic: The Gathering Arena Mobile last year. We continue to invest in Digital Gaming initiatives and talent to support long-term growth in this segment. Operating profit of $102.2 million was down 36%. This reflects the revenue decline, higher cost in paper and freight and incremental royalty expense with new universes beyond sets like Warhammer 40,000. We have also added the amortization of D&D Beyond I spoke to earlier. These costs were partially offset by lower launch-related product development, advertising and depreciation associated with Dark Alliance that released in 2021. For the full year, on a constant currency basis, we expect high single-digit revenue growth with operating profit margin over 40%, down from 42.5% for full year 2021 as we continue investing for long-term growth in these valuable brands. Consumer Products segment revenues decreased 6%, excluding a negative $40 million impact of foreign exchange, $31.1 million of which was in Europe. Latin America grew 15% and Asia-Pacific was up 10%. But this growth was more than offset by a 14% decline in North America and an 11% decline in the European region, which was flat absent foreign exchange. As a reminder, for the full year 2021, our revenue in Russia was $115 million with approximately 70% earned in the second half of the year. We do not have this revenue and associated operating profit in 2022. The segment’s 31% decline in adjusted operating profit is the result of the lower revenue, higher allowances, price adjustments related to closeouts and obsolescence expense associated with moving higher inventory levels. For the full year, revenue is expected to decline low single-digits from full year 2021 in constant currency, with operating profit margin down slightly from 2021’s 10.1%. From a brand perspective, each brand portfolio category in the segment, Franchise Brands, Partner Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands, declined in the quarter. Key growth franchises, Peppa Pig and PLAY-DOH, were up, growing revenue and point of sale. My Little Pony consumer product revenue and POS grew a year after the movie debuted. Hasbro products for Marvel and Star Wars positively contributed to revenue and POS in the quarter. Where we’ve had our most challenging comps are NERF and Hasbro Gaming, two important areas where we have long-term growth plans. Chris spoke to several important new initiatives in these brands for the holiday, and the team shared longer-term plans earlier this month at our Investor Day. Entertainment segment revenues reflected the anticipated timing of deliveries and were down 34% in constant currency. Film and TV revenue declined 26%. Last year, we released films Come From Away and Finch direct to streaming and did not have any comparable films this year. Also, Yellowjackets is later this year versus last. Family Brands revenue declined 78% primarily due to the delivery of My Little Pony: A New Generation in the third quarter 2021, which did not have a comparable film release this year. We have significant fourth quarter entertainment revenue for scripted TV, including The Rookie, The Rookie: Feds, Yellowjackets and Cruel Summer and the launch of Transformers: EarthSpark on Nickelodeon and Paramount+ as well as continued animation for My Little Pony, Peppa Pig and PJ MASKS. Adjusted operating profit decreased 86% on the lower revenues and the mix of content. This was partially offset by reductions in program amortization expense, lower advertising versus the My Little Pony movie release and lower royalty expense. For the full year, on a constant currency basis and excluding music, we expect revenue to decline in the mid-single digits as we divest of certain non-core businesses and certain deliveries of scripted TV and film releases moved to the first quarter of 2023. Adjusted operating profit is expected to be in line with or slightly up from last year’s adjusted operating profit margin absent music of 7.8%. In closing, we’re focused on driving our business in the fourth quarter to meet consumer demand, end the year with clean inventories and to achieve our run rate cost savings. We expect full year revenue to be flat to down slightly in constant currency and to expand adjusted operating profit margin by 50 basis points to 16%. This also sets us up for growth we’re planning in 2023 and beyond. We have a plan that builds on our strength in branded entertainment, in gaming and in our direct-to-consumer relationships. We have the brands, the team and the strategy to successfully execute this plan. I’ll now turn it back to Chris.
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Deb. Before we turn to Q&A, let me take a minute to recognize Darren Throop. Today is Darren’s last earnings call as he is leaving Hasbro at the end of the year. Darren grew eOne into an accomplished studio with strong talent, a rich library of content and production capabilities across mediums. Over the past few years, he has served an invaluable role in the integration of eOne with Hasbro during an unprecedented environment. The D&D film next year and the robust pipeline in development is the direct result of his hard work. Thank you, Darren, for your leadership, and we wish you tremendous success in the future. Now we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I guess start with Eric. Wonder if you could talk a little bit about the state of retail right now. Last quarter, we had a bunch of pull forwards with direct shipment. This quarter, we’re talking about higher allowances and promotional activity. Are a lot of the issues just isolated with NERF and gaming or is there some sort of broader macro situation going on here?
Chris Cocks: Well, Eric, hey, first off, thanks for the question and good morning. I will turn it over to Eric, as you asked. Generally speaking, we’re seeing a great partnership with our retail partners. We have a very high percentage of our promotions and advertising budget focused on Q4 with our new innovation coming out. And so we remain optimistic about what our prospects look like for that new innovation and what it sets us up for 2023 and beyond. Eric, I’ll turn it over to you for the balance.
Eric Nyman: Sure. Thanks, Eric, for the question. Maybe just to build on what Chris is saying, Eric, as we roll into Q4, we talked about how specifically for Hasbro our big innovations were back half loaded. We feel very positive about the innovations that we’ve recently launched. And if you look at retail right now, we started off quarter four with the big promotion with Amazon where they did their Prime Day early access sale, and Hasbro performed very strongly. So I think you will see a promotional environment in Q4. We built excellent programs around the world with all of our retail partners. And I expect that we’ll continue to see POS momentum as we go forward.
Eric Handler: Great. And then just as a follow-up going on a completely different topic. As we look to next year and the opportunities for growth for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, today, D&D, correct me if I’m wrong, it’s been mainly a North American-driven product. We’ll have a global movie launch for the brand. Wondering if you could talk about some of your international growth strategies and how – where you think you can attack best and sort of expanding the addressable market for the game?
Chris Cocks: Yes. We’re certainly bullish about D&D’s prospects. The film has had a fantastic introduction at Comic-Con. I think it’s one of the highest viewed trailers that Paramount has ever released. There’s a nice buzz about it, both at Comic-Con and on the general Internet and among fans. And so we think that’s going to be a great launching platform for international expansion and category expansion across licensing, merchandising, digital games as well as driving the core business. I think I’ll turn this one over to Eric. And then, Cynthia, if you have anything to add, feel free about the international dimension to Eric’s question.
Eric Nyman: Sure. Yes, Eric, I think we talked a bit at Investor Day how we see this event, the scale to be determined, but similar to how we saw Transformers when we launched theatrical behind that brand in 2007. We have a great expansion across new categories of product where Cynthia has done, along with the Wizards team, a terrific job in the publishing genre. But we’re really excited about expanding D&D behind the theatrical launch into action figures. We have a terrific line that the team has put together. We have a line of NERF products that we’re very proud of as well as core games. So you’ll see D&D go into more of a board game genre for the first time with Hasbro. So we do feel really positive about the category expansion and with that geographic expansion. So as you can imagine, the teams around the globe are very motivated to make sure that we have a positive win on the board with D&D in Q1 of next year. Cynthia, do you want to add anything to that?
Cynthia Williams: Yes. The one thing I would add is when you think about DUNGEONS & DRAGONS Beyond and being the premier digital toolset for [indiscernible], it gives us a great opportunity to expand both internationally, but also the tools and capabilities we give all of our players, it’s going to give us a wonderful opportunity to monetize more of our player base than the Dungeon masters that we are monetizing today.
Eric Handler: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I have a quick clarification maybe. The guidance for full year before today implied Q4 could be down 3% to up 6%, which at midpoint would imply some growth in Q4. And today, revenue guidance is flat year-over-year. Did something actually change in your outlook versus what you said on Analyst Day or there’s actually no change how you were seeing Q4 to play out? How to look at it from where we sit? And I have a quick follow-up.
Chris Cocks: No problem. Good morning, Arpine. Thanks for the question. Yes, our outlook has not changed since our Investor Day. We continue to feel like there’s a lot of green shoots in the portfolio. There’s some exciting innovation coming out across NERF, across games, a ton of innovation coming out on Magic: The Gathering, our first $1 billion brand. Our approximately flat guidance just looks at kind of all factors put together, inclusive of what the macroeconomic environment looks like and what the state of the consumer looks like.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you. Thank you. And then in the slides, you noted expectations of North America POS improvement. Does that mean you’ve started seeing some improvement outside of those 2 days of Prime Day overall or expect Q4 to record overall improvement when all said and done versus Q3 because to finish inventory up low single digits, say, up 2% would mean positive POS in Q4? Am I actually calculating that correctly? Am I thinking about it correctly that you need to see sort of POS come close to positive in Q4?
Chris Cocks: Yes. So there’s two components to inventory. There’s Wizards of the Coast and Digital, which we have a lot of set releases coming out. So there will be some decline in inventory there that should be fairly significant. And then there’s what our Consumer Products team is doing. I’m going to turn it over to Eric to talk about recent POS trends that we’re seeing across the G5 markets and North America.
Eric Nyman: Yes. Thanks, Chris. Thanks, Arpine. Yes, with regards to POS and market share, we talked quite a bit at Investor Day about how Q4 was really our focus, and we’re back half loaded with regards to innovation. We’re seeing, as Chris mentioned, good green shoots at this point, in addition to just Amazon and the Prime Day early access sale. So for example, across the EU 5, Australia, our market share and POS trends are improving, flat to slightly up over the last month. And we’re also seeing the same level or different levels but positive improvement in the U.S. over the past several weeks. And that’s something that we’re obviously motivated to continue to build on.
Chris Cocks: And it should be noted, 67% of our advertising and promotional budget is in the remaining, what, 12 weeks left of the year.
Eric Nyman: Q4.
Chris Cocks: And so we’ve seen a highly promotional sensitive environment. Actually, the markets where we’re seeing the best share trends are where we started a little earlier on that promotion.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you very much. It is super helpful. Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum from Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Hi, guys. Good morning. So I have two questions on Wizards. Maybe to start, last quarter, you suggested the segment would perform at the upper end of your guidance range, which was low double digits growth. Today, you’re suggesting high single digits growth. What has changed versus the previous commentary? Is this a business that’s seeing any sensitivity around price that you alluded to earlier? And then I have a follow-up.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I’ll take that. And Cynthia, feel free to fill in anything that I might not cover. We’re continuing to see the Wizards of the Coast business performing well, particularly the Magic business, which year-to-date is up 5%, whereas the general games category are down as low as much as negative 8%, depending on which source you look at. So Magic is a great fan base, very resilient. And we find the fans in the Magic segment and in our overall collector segment, they have a great personal balance sheet and a capacity to spend when they’re motivated and driving something that they really enjoy. And so that’s kind of like underscoring the bullishness on our outlook on Magic moving forward. Our digital business has been a little softer year-over-year, in line with the rest of the Digital Gaming category. DUNGEONS & DRAGONS has performed well. But again, we don’t have a comp of the premium game that we launched with Dark Alliance next year. And we continue to have a little bit of play in logistics around kind of access of card stock and production because the general trading card market, whether it’s sports collectibles or playable trading cards remains a hot and very resilient category. Cynthia, anything to add on the outlook?
Cynthia Williams: I think the other thing I’d say is just what a great lineup we have for Q4, kicking off with this – we have Warhammer 40,000 from our universes beyond, Brothers Wars coming up, two strong secret layers, one featuring the platinum selling music artist Post Malone, the other being a 30th anniversary countdown kit. And of course, we’ve got the high-end collectible Magic 30th Anniversary Edition, which was inspired by Magic’s beta set and includes some of Magic’s really iconic cards like Black Lotus. And finally, I’d say all five tentpole releases we’ve had this year have all done more than $100 million in revenue. And this is the first year that’s happened.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks, very helpful. And then my follow-up is more longer term focused, mobile as a category has been pretty challenged over the last 18 months. As you think about the next several years, is this going to be a focal point for investment spend across this segment? Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Well, as we talked at our Investor Day, we have a plan to double the size of the Wizards of the Coast and Digital segment over the next 5 years by 2027. That growth will be powered by continued resilience in our tabletop business and brands like MAGIC and D&D. But we’re planning to double the percentage of the segment that’s driven digitally. And we have a fairly balanced approach to how we think about where our digital investments are. We have a large and growing license business, where the majority of our mobile products are done. We work with some of the best names in the business, Scopely being one very big one. And then we’re leaning in a lot into games as a service or game platforms as a service like we have with D&D Beyond as well as a bunch of really high-caliber studios that are building some great AAA games that we’re looking forward to sharing more about over the coming quarters. So while the digital games market might have its ups or downs in any given quarter or any given year, I think the trend is decisively in the direction that interactive entertainment is the future of entertainment. And I like how we’re positioned as a company.
Drew Crum: Got it. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Megan Alexander with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Megan Alexander: Hi, thanks for taking our question. I want to spend some time on Consumer Products and maybe how you’re thinking about it beyond 4Q. You expect inventory up low single digits. Previously, you had expected it flat. You do talk about a lot of entertainment and innovation coming next year. But how do you think about the risk of retailer destocking, especially in the first half, as you’re lapping some late-arriving shipments last year? And then how should we think about the phasing of the brands you expect to exit and move to licensing revenue? Should that flow in commensurately?
Chris Cocks: Yes. So a couple of things. I’ll start and then turn it over to Eric. And thanks, by the way, for the question, Megan. First off, in the beginning of the year, we and the entire industry were chasing inventory at retail after a difficult holiday season. It’s a big reason why we pushed inventory into the Q2 period to make sure that we didn’t have that again so that we could promote aggressively in Q4 like our plan is today. I think the other thing to note is we have a lot of new innovation that’s very on trend that’s coming out in Q4 that we think will comp very favorably in the first half of next year. And then last but not least, I think whatever happens on the macroeconomic front, we have seven blockbuster films and 20 TV shows coming out that are very front half loaded that are giving us a tremendous amount of tailwinds to be able to handle whatever curve balls that the economy might throw our way. Eric?
Eric Nyman: Yes. I think excellent points. And I think if you look at the trends that we have seen, Megan, we continue to believe in our lineup for 2023. Retailers, regardless of macro trends, are always very interested in supporting and promoting our great entertainment and our partners’ great entertainment. So, at risk of repeating, when you have a lineup like ours next spring, which starts with The Mandalorian 3 from our partners on Disney+, we then have all those movies that Chris talked about from Ant-Man and the Wasp, Quantumania, D&D, which we talked about already Honor Among Thieves, Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3, Across the Spiderverse in June, Transformers later in June, Indiana Jones at the end of the month in June, turning into July and then the Marvels, which was recently announced on Disney+ Day by the Disney folks. That’s a heck of a lineup and we have products and great programs supporting all of them. So, we do expect that we will have a really nice start to retail going through Q1 and Q2 in that mid-term period that you asked about going into next year.
Megan Alexander: Awesome. So, I guess just to tie that all together, is it fair to expect that you believe consumer products can be up next year despite exiting some of the brands that you have talked about?
Eric Nyman: Yes. I think that’s right, Megan. When you look at what we are doing as a business, what we do – what we certainly expect is that we are going to see some good growth, particularly across our action brands next year, which is really the predominance of what I just highlighted. And I also want to point out that a big reason for what we are doing from a strategic standpoint is to improve our profit story. So, certainly, from a consumer product standpoint, we not only expect to have that improvement that you asked about with regards to net revenue, but we expect and we will continue to focus on that operating margin expansion, which you will see from the consumer products unit next year as we exit businesses, but also work on our operational excellence program that both Chris and Deb mentioned in their opening remarks.
Megan Alexander: Awesome. Thank you. And then maybe a quick follow-up for Deb, the guide implies 4Q operating margin above 3, which is usually typical for your business. Is that all mix to Wizards and then the cost savings you have talked about, or are there some additional drivers of improvement? I guess maybe more specifically, like how should we think about what’s built into the guide from a cost of sales perspective in terms of are you confident the inventory actions you have taken in 3Q are sufficient, or is there further risk in 4Q?
Deb Thomas: Thanks Megan. No, as we talked about is we have a very strong mix of revenue. Much of that inventory we have on hand now coming from our different groups. We are actually seeing reduced distribution costs. So, we are seeing some things come down now on the distribution side. I think all supply chain is easing up a bit. The one exception, I would say, is still paper, which is still a bit of a challenge. And we have stocked up on paper so we can make sure we have supply. So, you are seeing some of that in our inventory balance as well. So, between mix, our cost savings, we will start to see the benefit of cost savings. In fact we have said we are going to see about $20 million of that impact predominantly coming in the fourth quarter. And a big piece of that is actually coming in consumer products as well. So, between mix, cost savings, actions we’ve taken to-date to make sure we have product on stock, that’s how we look at our margin for the fourth quarter and why we remain confident in the fact that we can hit 16% on a full year basis.
Megan Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Ng: Hey, good morning. Thank you for the question. I just have two. First, I want to follow-up on Eric’s question and just ask about some of the commentary around closeouts and allowances and promotional activity. Was that concentrated in any particular brand or category, or was this an industry-wide toy issue that other players may have seen? And then second, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the Disney Princess impact to revenue and margins within consumer products. Is that a product that is effectively winding down and approaching zero? And is that the right way to think about it for the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Eric Nyman: Sure. Thanks Mike. It’s Eric. Good morning. Want to see you at Hasbro. I will answer in order. And if I forget anything, you can jump in again, Mike. But your first question was about closeouts, allowances and promotional activity. I would say we pride ourselves on making sure that we continue to stay ahead of our inventory situation. And as we worked through Q3, as Chris already mentioned, we brought in some inventory in Q2. And we wanted to make sure that we started early activations with our retail partners, which we did. I expect Q4 to be in line with where we have been and we will work through our inventory again to finish the year in that low to mid-single digit area that we talked about. And that’s what is built into our story that we have already discussed this morning. I think with regards to businesses we are exiting, which is the second part of your question, we do expect that as we exit those businesses, both this year in Q4 as well as throughout next year, that we will manage that decline through the growth in other brands focused on our Franchise Brands. We talked a lot at our Investor Day on fewer and bigger as our strategy, and that’s not going to change. So, you are going to see us with that growth in those Franchise Brands and the Partner Brands that we are going to stay behind like Star Wars and Marvel. And we are going to exit some others. And as we exit some of those other brands, as I already mentioned to a prior question, you will see an increase in operating margin. So, I think it’s an excellent thesis to invest in for Hasbro.
Mike Ng: Great. Thank you for the thought.
Eric Nyman: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Fred Wightman: Hey, guys. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on sort of Chris and Eric’s comments about the price sensitivity and maybe dig into what that means for how you guys are thinking about price in the CPG business. Eric, you sort of gave some color on ‘23, but then you guys also have this mid-term target about 15% within that CPG business. So, given some of that softer consumer backdrop, is price still a lever you guys feel confident about, or is it more mix and cost saves that get you there?
Chris Cocks: Yes. Well. Hi. Thanks for the question. No, I think it’s a couple of things. So, as we look at price, we look at a couple of different factors. First, we look at consumer segmentation. And so you have the mass consumer, and then you have the collector and the fan segment. Collector and the fans segment tends to be very price inelastic. It’s a very resilient segment that’s very passion-driven. And as long as you build a great product and a great play system and continue to invest behind it, we find our fans stick with us. And that’s been a major driver of growth for us. Our two fastest-growing businesses this year are our pulse business and Magic: The Gathering. And those are very high-margin businesses and very lucrative segments for us that we will continue to lean in, in the years to come. On our mass side of the business, at our Investor Day, we talked about this concept of play systems and play system-based innovation. And really, that’s a high-low strategy of product development, where you have great opening price points. And you pair that with ladder-up opportunities for great giftable items and great kind of stretch items for fans of all ages. And I think what you are going to see is us investing more and more in both sides of those segments. And we think that will be on trend with where we see the market going.
Eric Nyman: Yes. I think if I could add to that, Fred, I think the other thing that you are seeing in the industry right now is that brands are more resilient and private label is not. In fact we have seen a lot of noise in the industry over the last, call it, quarter where retailers are closing out a lot of private label, shifting that private label to closeout shops around the country and around the world. So, I think for us, we are clearly a branded house, and we have some very strong brands at Hasbro. And we are seeing pricing sticking and being able to be stronger through this environment. And as Chris mentioned, a lot of that is due to the consumer and the way that we segment our consumers.
Fred Wightman: Makes sense. And then just a quick follow-up, the mid double-digit POS that you guys touched on for Prime Day, is that on a year-over-year basis? Are you comparing that to prior Prime Days? What exactly is the comparison there?
Chris Cocks: Yes. Prior Prime Days.
Fred Wightman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Linda Bolton-Weiser with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: Yes. Hi. My question is on the Entertainment segment and the projection or outlook for fourth quarter. Sorry if you explained it already, but it looks to me like the Film and TV segment has just as hard, even a harder comparison in the fourth quarter. So, then can you just reiterate again what are the specific things that are going to happen in the fourth quarter to make the decline smaller against a harder comparison? And then the second thing is the shifting of certain things into the first quarter of 2023, what causes that shifting? Is that just production delays or personnel issues or what is that exactly? And is there anything you can do to rectify that phenomenon in the future? Thanks.
Chris Cocks: Hi. Thanks, Linda. Yes. So, our Entertainment segment has a very strong lineup in Q4, particularly in TV productions. Now, the nature of TV productions often have with what’s the dating with the network. And so we are seeing a little bit of slippage on when things are being dated inside of the streamers or the various networks that we are working with. That affects payment timings and delivery timings of the content. And that’s what I think you see going on in Q4 of this year. That said, we see our Entertainment segment ex music being down about mid-single digits, maybe high, low – maybe low-single digits. But a lot of that is just deferred revenue that goes from Q4 into Q1 and points to continued growth and good prospects in 2023.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Hi. Good morning. I have a couple here. First, I just wanted to clarify what you are saying on inventory because sometimes I am confused as to whether you are talking about company inventory or channel inventory. So, what’s the channel inventory situation look like right now or at the end of the quarter? And where do you expect that to be at the end of the year? Is that what’s supposed to be up low to mid single-digits?
Chris Cocks: So, Gerrick, when we talk about inventory, we talk about company inventory. And we talk about it across our CP and Wizard segments. So, as Eric mentioned, we see the CP inventory up either low-single digits or mid-single digits. And we see our Wizards inventory likely down in Q4, which contributes to up low-single digits for a company as a whole. I will turn it over to Deb to talk about where we see the broader mix of inventory across our channel partners.
Deb Thomas: Right. So, retail inventory is up, as we said at the end of the quarter, but it’s of good quality. And we have a lot of promotional activity planned for the fourth quarter. So, our specific guidance was on our inventory is exactly as Chris said. But retail inventory, we are working with our retailers on promotional activity, and much of it was setting for a lot of this new innovation that we are having in the fourth quarter.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Thank you. And I will add on to what Mike was asking about closeouts and obsolescence. Perhaps you could pinpoint exactly where those issues were and also, Deb, perhaps sales allowances as a percent of consumer product sales this year compared to last year. How did that look?
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, let me take the sales allowance question. And then I can answer some of the closeout question, and then Eric can as well. But we are seeing price allowances a bit higher, all sales allowances period, right, whether price or not a bit higher this year than last year. And the reason for that is if you think about it, we couldn’t even get stock last year. So, our retailers were selling what they could get for less promotional activity with the consumer, and that was the consumer takeaway last year. So, this year I would say we are returning to a more normal level of sales allowances. Nothing unusually high, but last year was unusually low. And we talked about that and the benefit from that. With respect to just certain territories, we have had some high levels of inventory in pockets that just weren’t working that well. So, as we look around the globe, we have moved some of that inventory. Some of it’s been in the U.S., but some of it’s been in various places in Europe and in certain territories, particularly in the Pacific region.
Eric Nyman: Yes. I would also just add, Gerrick, that we have some Q4 elements that we didn’t have from a comp last year. So, not only are we comping a fairly non-traditional comp, as Deb mentioned, we were in chase mode significantly last year. But we also have a big theatrical movie this fourth quarter with Wakanda Forever from Disney. And that’s something that we didn’t have in Q4 last year as well as some new brands. Last year, we were really at the very early stages of our eOne integration of PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS and now we have really good flow for that inventory. So, we are feeling good again about where we are. And I think, as Deb mentioned, it will be a traditional sales and allowances cadence as we work through inventory this fourth quarter.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, great. Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Thanks Gerrick.
Eric Nyman: Thanks Gerrick.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question, this is coming from the line of Jason Haas with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Haas: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I am curious if you could provide some outlook by segment for next year. I think at your recent Analyst Day, you talked about consumer products being up low-single digits, Wizards high-single digits to low-double digits, and then I think entertainment was up low-single digits. So, is that a good framework to use? I know that was a multiyear target. Is that a good framework to use for next year?
Chris Cocks: Jason, we haven’t shared a specific by segment guidance for next year. We only shared kind of longer term 2025 to 2027 guidance. That said, we feel really good about where we are positioned for consumer products, both on the innovation we have coming out this Q4 and how that comps into the first half of next year, a stacked entertainment lineup, which creates a lot of tailwinds for us that I think more than compensates for the business exits that we have. And then we continue to believe in our Games segment. And as we just talked, entertainment is going to have some revenue that moved out from Q4 into Q1, which certainly represents at least a modest tailwind helping that business as well.
Eric Nyman: Yes. I would also just add, Jason, as you think about the future, I do want to mention, since we haven’t talked much about it, our operational excellence program and just note that we believe we will be a stronger, more disciplined, more profitable company going forward. And we have the $250 million to $300 million cost savings plan in that mid to longer term outlook that we feel very confident in as well.
Jason Haas: Great. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, there has been some investor concern that there is maybe been too many Magic releases in a short timeframe. There is some talk of wallet fatigue among the players out there. We have seen the secondary market prices come down a bit. So, I am curious just what’s your response to that concern that there is just a lot of Magic product coming all at once?
Chris Cocks: Well, we have had a great growth for Magic: The Gathering. Since I started back in 2016, the business has almost tripled. And as I have said, we are up through the first nine months of this year by 5%. And the general gaming category is down by most measures close to double digits. And we think that Magic will be up double digits by the end of the year. Cynthia, I don’t know if you want to talk a little bit more about this, particularly what we have coming in Q4, but we remain bullish on the product.
Cynthia Williams: Yes. I think a couple of things that I would say is we did have one of our products sort of slip out a little bit into Q3, which was Infinity. And that was a supply chain issue. But other than that, our releases that are coming up for this year with Brothers War with our secret layer drops, which are direct-to-consumer, our Magic 30th edition is also direct-to-consumer. So, I would say that within the channel, you have got the same number of sets happening in a year in the hobby channel. They have just shifted a little bit in timing due to some supply chain issues.
Chris Cocks: And I would say just one last thought as you think about Wizards. Magic has been incredibly important to the growth of Wizards, but D&D – as much as Magic has grown, D&D since the release of fifth edition back in 2014, gosh, it’s probably 10x the size it was back then. And we have an amazing roadmap ahead for D&D with AAA films, some exciting TV projects that we are going to announce shortly, AAA video games, big partnerships, huge merchandising and licensing efforts. And so I really think that Wizards of the Coast is positioned to become a two foundation business over the next several months. That just will get better and better, driving our blueprint over time.
Jason Haas: Good to hear. Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Thanks.
Operator: At this time, I will turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours, and management’s prepared remarks will be posted following this call. Thank you.
Operator: This will conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro's Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Deb providing commentary on the Company's performance then we will take your questions. Cynthia Williams, President of Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming; Darren Throop, President and CEO of eOne; and Eric Nyman, Hasbro's President and Chief Operating Officer, will join for the Q&A portion of the call. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our Investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thank you, Debbie, and good morning. Since our first quarter earnings call, the executive leadership team and I have been undergoing a multi-month strategic review of the business. While the review is still in process, it's already clear we're an organization with a bright future. Led by an unmatched brand portfolio that spans fans of all ages; an industry-leading gaming business, which is a top investment priority for us; a growing direct-to-consumer business and unique assets and entertainment creation all knitted together by talented global teams working with a clear sense of purpose and value creation. We see big opportunities to scale our Franchise Brands, drive all new play platform innovation and transform our operations to improve our agility, focus and profitability. Games, digital, expanding the age ranges of our portfolio and harnessing direct connections with our consumers are all compelling growth opportunities for Hasbro. We'll share more about our plans in October at our Investor Day, but I'm energized with what we have accomplished to date as we focus on driving long-term profitable growth and environmentally responsible, sustainable business and superior shareholder returns. While we've been advancing our long-term strategic work, our teams have been busy delivering a strong second quarter with 4% revenue growth absent FX, 14% adjusted operating profit growth and 200 basis points of margin expansion, adjusted earnings per share of $1.15 and 6% growth in adjusted EBITDA. Deb Thomas will speak to our results in more detail, but let me share a few highlights. Revenues grew for Consumer Products and the Wizards and Digital Gaming segments. Entertainment segment revenue was down in the quarter mostly due to the timing of deliveries, but is up year-to-date absent the Music business we sold last year. As we projected in our Q1 earnings call, Wizards delivered its biggest quarter ever in Q2, successfully comping last year's Q2, our prior record. Tabletop revenues grew 15%. MAGIC: THE GATHERING led with 11% revenue gains and is up 10% year-to-date. For the first time in history, every major set this year has crossed $100 million in sales. The underlying business and demand for MAGIC remains strong. And we continue to expect the Wizards business to grow at the high end of our beginning of year forecast, a range of high single digits to low double-digit year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis. In the quarter, our overall games portfolio grew 2% or 4% in constant currency. We enhanced an already powerful portfolio during the quarter, completing our acquisition of D&D Beyond to bolster our direct digital platform for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, adding key capabilities in two areas of focus: gaming and direct. We expect the acquisition to be immaterial this year and accretive to EPS in 2023 and beyond. As we forecasted, our digital revenues were down for the quarter and are expected to be down for the full year as we comp both Dark Alliance for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and Magic: The Gathering Arena's mobile launch last year. Digital remains an investment priority for Hasbro. Arena is entering its fourth year of availability since its open beta in 2018 and is a profitable vital platform for new player acquisition in MAGIC. Later this year, the game will be available on Steam for the first time, and in 2023, we expected to launch on major consoles. D&D Beyond is in the early stages of integration into our Wizards business, and we are pleased with the early results. We expect D&D Beyond to be a growth platform, particularly as we turbo-charge the DUNGEONS & DRAGONS brand with blockbuster entertainment, digital games and consumer products in 2023 leading into the brand's 50th anniversary in 2024. We also expect several exciting new game announces in the coming quarters across D&D, MAGIC and new brands we have in development. Consumer Products segment revenues grew behind gains in several Hasbro brands, including PLAY-DOH, PEPPA PIG, POWER RANGERS and MY LITTLE PONY as well as Hasbro products for the Marvel portfolio and Star Wars. As we look to the remainder of the year, we have innovative new initiatives and are in a much better position this year versus last with inventory at retail and on hand at Hasbro to mitigate supply chain disruptions and meet demand. Retailers increased direct import orders by approximately $60 million in the second quarter versus our plans, taking product earlier to ensure availability and proactively manage the supply chain. While our inventory levels are up year-over-year at the end of Q2, the inventory is of high quality, positioning us to meet consumer demand and promote our new product innovation aggressively. For instance, our early read on our first of two Prime Days at Amazon last week is positive with consumer deal takeaway up 20% year-over-year. Our newest game announcement, Wordle: The Party Game, is off to a record start for gaming preorders. As such, we expect inventory by year-end to be approximately flat year-over-year and to see reductions in on-hand supply by the end of Q3. Our Entertainment business is up year-to-date and on track for full year revenue and profit margin growth absent the sale of the Music business last year. With over 200 projects in development across film, scripted and unscripted television, the eOne team is working on over 35 development projects for Hasbro brands, including content for Transformers, MAGIC, D&D, PEPPA PIG, MY LITTLE PONY, POWER RANGERS and PLAY-DOH, among many others. Last week, we received seven Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Yellowjackets, including Outstanding Drama Series. We are in production on Season 2 with deliveries slated to begin later this year. In Q2, we delivered Season 4 of another hit show, The Rookie, for ABC. This fall, The Rookie will return for Season 5, and previous seasons will begin syndicated broadcast in the U.S. ABC also ordered a spin-off, The Rookie Feds, to series where it is set to premiere September 27. As we look to the full year, we began 2022 with what we felt was an appropriately measured outlook for growth that reflected a challenging economy, and we're maintaining our guidance. We continue to expect low single-digit revenue growth in constant currency as we see exchange rates, particularly in the Eurozone, as a potential headwind that Deb will speak to further. We are prioritizing profitable growth and expect adjusted operating profit to grow faster than revenue as higher-margin product lines, including games, grow at a faster rate combined with cost savings we have identified in our business. Our target remains a 16% adjusted operating profit margin for 2022 versus 15.5% last year. The team and I are looking forward to sharing with you our long-term plans and vision at our upcoming Investor Day on October 4. We've spoken with many of you over the past several months, and we've taken to heart your excitement and feedback. We remain laser focused on producing profitable growth, articulating our updated vision, continuing to drive industry leadership in sustainability and governance and positioning Hasbro to deliver superior total shareholder return over the long-term. Put simply, our aim is to do good while we do well. I'd now like to turn the call over to Deb to share more details about our performance in the second quarter and our outlook for the year ahead. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results have us on track to achieve our full year guidance, including low single-digit revenue growth in constant currency, operating margin expansion to 16% and operating cash flow at the low end of the $700 million to $800 million range. The second quarter, the team delivered revenue growth, margin expansion and $1.15 in adjusted earnings per share while returning $221 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend and share repurchases and adding an important growth engine to both our gaming business and our direct-to-fan capabilities with the acquisition of D&D Beyond. Importantly, we proactively managed our supply chain and inventory purchases to mitigate disruption. We're much better positioned to meet demand this year versus last. This action resulted in higher-than-typical inventory levels at Hasbro for this time of the year. To avoid the out-of-stock positions of the last year holiday season due to supply chain disruptions, retailers also shifted some consumer product direct shipments into the second quarter from the third quarter. Both our inventory and that at retail is of extremely high quality. We have product to meet demand, including significant new releases in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and in our toy and game business. Based on our plan to drive point-of-sale growth in the second half of the year, we believe we will end the year with inventory levels similar to year-end 2021. While product and freight costs are up, we're beginning to see a reduction in port congestion delays. And lead times have come down, although they remain 2x higher than historical levels. We also have begun to see the offset to higher input and freight costs from price increases in our CP business that went into effect in the second quarter and will be increasingly impactful in the third and fourth quarters. Price increases also went into effect at the beginning of July for select MAGIC: THE GATHERING sets and will begin to be reflected in results in the third quarter. As Chris spoke to, we are managing costs and finding efficiencies in our business, leaning into the theme of focus and scale. We have already begun to identify and see some of this work reflect favorably in our results. In the quarter, we more than offset the 230 basis point decline in gross margin with lower and more efficient spending. This included a 170 basis point decline in advertising to revenue primarily from lower spending on digital gaming launches and no longer supporting the Music business sold in 2021. Adjusted SG&A to revenue reflects the 180 basis point reduction driven by lower compensation and depreciation as well as the sale of the Music business. This was partially offset by higher costs associated with our annual meeting. Intangible amortization includes an incremental $900,000 from the acquisition of D&D Beyond. We anticipate $4.7 million this year and $7.5 million next year in amortization expense associated with the acquisition. Adjusted operating profit grew 14%, driving 200 basis points of margin expansion to 18% of revenue. Below operating profit, interest expense declined $4.5 million as we progress toward achieving our debt to adjusted EBITDA target of 2x to 2.5x in the second half of next year, if not sooner. The underlying adjusted tax rate, excluding discrete items, was 21.6% versus 23.2% last year. And we expect the full year rate in a range of 20.5% to 21.5%. Looking at our segments. Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming revenues were up 5% absent FX. This was led by a 15% increase in tabletop revenues. Digital Gaming revenues were down 36% as planned, reflecting the year-over-year comparison to the 2021 Digital Gaming launches of Dark Alliance and Magic: The Gathering Arena on mobile. Total MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues grew 11%. Operating profit in the segment increased 17% to 53.7% of revenue. We continue to invest to grow Wizards for the long term, including in Digital Gaming and talent. Cost of sales increased behind higher paper and freight costs. And we continue to pre-purchase paper stock to help meet our printing needs for future set releases. Operating margin improvement reflected both revenue growth and lower costs from Digital Gaming launches and depreciation and advertising as well as lower compensation accruals this year versus last. The team remains on track to deliver high single-digit to low double-digit revenue growth for the year and operating margins that are down from last year but remaining above 40%. Consumer Products revenue grew 9% absent FX. In constant currency, North America revenues were up 11%. Europe was flat. Latin America revenues were up 38%, and Asia Pacific was up 1%. Of the $19.1 million negative impact from foreign exchange in the segment, $14.9 million of it was in Europe. For the first time in 20 years, the euro and the U.S. dollar are now at parity. And the euro is our largest international currency. If we look at the back half of our year, we expect this to have an additional negative impact to CP revenue of $30 million to $40 million versus our expectations as we enter the year. Given hedges we have in place, we expect less of an impact to operating profit. The other item impacting results is Russia. For the full year 2021, our revenue in Russia was $115 million, with approximately 70% earned in the second half of the year. We will not have this revenue and associated operating profit in 2022. From a brand perspective, each brand portfolio category in the segment, Franchise Brands, Partner Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands were up in the quarter. Our products for Marvel are on track for another tremendous year with strong growth in the quarter and year-to-date. New entertainment releases and innovation are driving this business. PLAY-DOH, PEPPA PIG, POWER RANGERS, PJ MASKS, MY LITTLE PONY and Hasbro Gaming titles were among the Hasbro brands driving quarter growth. Higher product and freight costs were partially offset by price increases taken at the beginning of the quarter. Adjusted operating profit was $3.1 million, down $14.7 million, reflecting these higher costs as pricing will phase in during the coming quarters. Our full year view for CP remains low single-digit revenue growth in constant currency, with operating margins flat to up slightly from last year's 10.1%. Entertainment segment revenues reflect the 2021 sale of the Music business and timing of deliveries. Segment revenue, absent Music, declined 4%. And our view for growth in the year remains unchanged. Our Film & TV business was down 10% as deliveries shifted between quarters, and Family Brands revenue was down slightly absent FX. With the lower deliveries, program amortization declined, and the mix of revenue is favorable. Adjusted operating profit increased more than 100% to $23 million or 12.4% of revenue. For the full year, we continue to expect revenue growth in mid-single digits and operating profit margin expansion from 8%, both absent the Music business sold last year. As you think about the full year, the third quarter is the most difficult comparison for our business. Retailers place more direct import orders in Q2 of this year than planned, about $60 million more of CP revenue. In Wizards, we're up against a more difficult release slate and could see a flat to slightly down quarter as we've discussed with you previously. And Entertainment delivery timing is unfavorable in the third quarter, including comparisons to several film releases to streaming platforms last year, including My Little Pony: A New Generation, Finch and Come From Away and a heavier slate of scripted TV deliveries in Q4 this year versus Q3 last year. We also expect many retailers to return to a more traditional promotional calendar with more holiday activations in the fourth quarter. Our cash balance was $628.2 million compared to $1.2 billion in last year's second quarter. During the quarter, we spent $146.3 million for a highly strategic acquisition, $97.4 million in dividends, and we resumed share repurchase to the total of $124 million. We have paid down $50 million of share in debt and remain committed to investments in talent, innovation and key strategic initiatives. Our operating cash flows for the first half of the year were $147.8 million and continue to reflect the advanced inventory purchasing I spoke to earlier. DSOs were flat with last year at 59 days. Our expectation is that inventory will end the year around last year's levels and that will generate operating cash flow toward the low end of our targeted range. Our plan continues to have us returning to approximately $1 billion in operating cash flow next year. As we head into the second half of the year, we are in a strong position to meet demand and to deliver the year. While economic conditions are challenging, we took that into account in our full year plan. And our businesses toys, games, including MAGIC, and content are historically very resilient during down economic periods. Importantly, we've made significant progress in our strategic review. We look forward to speaking with you during the coming weeks and seeing many of you in New York on October 4 for our Investor Day. We are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Thank you and our first question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: One of the things you've been highlighting of late has been the fan collectibles segment. And I'm curious to get your sense of what's the size of this market and sort of the overall expected growth of this industry? And then what's Hasbro share in that business, your growth potential over the next several years and sort of the key drivers of that incremental growth?
Chris Cocks: Hey, Eric, thanks for the question. Yes, we see fan -- the fan economy, in general, as a huge growth area for us. It's one of our fastest-growing categories overall. And I really think you can think of the segment as multiple segments put together. There's kind of classic fan collectibles like plastic figurines and action figures. There's sports memorabilia, and then there's a very wide trading card industry that deals with both playable trading card games like MAGIC as well as sports card trading games. Over the last couple of years, this has been probably our fastest-growing segment of the Company, and we continue to be very bullish on the sector. It's a highly resilient sector in terms of down economic times or up economic times. It tends to be focused and concentrated on a target consumer with a very high discretionary income. And it's a passion-driven industry. So people are very engaged in it. On your specific question on kind of like sizing, I'm going to turn that over to Eric a little bit to give you kind of a little bit of a sense of where we see it going and what we think our key initiatives are. Eric?
Eric Nyman: Thanks, Chris. So with regards to market sizing, which is a part of your question, as Chris mentioned, there's a lot of different dynamics at play and different ways to look at it. In the collectibles business, we anticipate that through our research to be about $4 billion to $5 billion in overall market size. So it is a very sizable market. Our momentum continues. We don't break out our share publicly, but we can say that with our Hasbro Pulse platform as an example, we were up 69% in the first half of the year. So we have good, strong momentum that we expect to continue throughout. And we also had some great launches. This week, you'll see at San Diego Comic-Con some really incredible new innovations from the team. One piece of that, which we're really excited about, we talked about it last week is called Hasbro Selfie series, which allows you to basically put yourself on your shelf and turn yourself into an action figure. So we expect that to be a very strong new innovation for Hasbro as we launch this week.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Steph Wissink: We have two questions. Chris, the first one is for you, is just on helping us dimensionalize the Wizards of the Coast business between MAGIC and D&D. I think you've said in the past that you expect incremental growth to be coming from D&D over time. So share with us a little bit about the size of that business relative to MAGIC and what your expectations are? And then if you could just remind us what percentage of the Wizards business is domestic. And is there a big international opportunity? And then just a quick clarification for you, Deb, on the program amortization. Can you help us think through back half Q3 versus Q4? We just want to make sure we're modeling that line correctly going forward. Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Great. Thanks for the questions. Yes, I mean, Wizards of the Coast is an important and vital business for us. It's been a major growth driver for the Company. And we've had a great first half of the year for the Wizards business overall. For the first half of the year, we see it up 5%, and we're continuing to project at the high end of our range of upper single digits to lower double digits growth for the entire year. In terms of the composition of that business, Wizards tends to be very MAGIC-heavy. MAGIC is probably about 70% to 80% of that business overall. And we tend to be -- between the D&D brand and the MAGIC brand, it tends to be very North American-centric. About 75% of our overall sales take place in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. So we see a lot of growth vectors for both of those opportunities. We see -- Europe has been one of our key growth drivers for the MAGIC brand. We just started localizing D&D product internationally just this past year. We see a huge opportunity for products like D&D Beyond to go beyond North America. Over 85% of the registered users for D&D Beyond, for instance, right now are based in the U.S. or Canada. We see a big growth opportunity there. And when we look moving forward, we continue to see the tabletop industry as being very vital and robust. I think you can see that in the 15% growth that we saw in our tabletop revenues in Q2. And we see a big opportunity to open up these brands over time as we really start to leverage our Brand Blueprint assets. If you just look at what we're going to do with DUNGEONS & DRAGONS in 2023, we have an only blockbuster movie that will be coming out in March of next year. We're going to be previewing that in Comic-Con later this week in a sold out Hall H preview. We'll even have like a little bit of an interactive tavern that people can go to and experience the world of D&D firsthand. And then we're going to be complementing that blockbuster entertainment with follow-on streaming entertainment, a huge consumer products push, all-new tabletop games and some really cool new video game innovation that will be coming out shortly following the film. So I think the Wizards business and the future for that business continues to be bright. And I see both MAGIC and D&D growing and maybe even D&D picking up some share inside of the overall Wizards business in terms of its future and its potential.
Deb Thomas: Right, Chris. Let me pick up on the amortization point. So if we think about program amortization, we said at the beginning of the year, we expected it to be in that 9% to 10% range. We still expect that. And I think in the quarter, we were just under 9%, the amortization as a percent of revenue. And if I look back on last year and just think about the phasing of our expected deliveries this year, as we mentioned, we had a much bigger Q3 from a delivery phasing last year than we expected this year. So my expectation is the rate would be slightly higher in the fourth quarter than it is in the third quarter. But we still expect to be within that range. And our expectation is probably more towards the lower end of that range based on all the things that we're delivering this year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Margins were quite a bit stronger than we thought for the quarter. And of course, you had MTG up nicely, so that underpins strong margins. But in terms of advertising, G&A, as you look at Q2 versus kind of back half of the year, anything in Q2 that is not repeatable from the top that we should take into account? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Chris Cocks: I don't see anything that was different in Q2 than what you should expect for the balance of the year. Eric, any comments?
Eric Nyman: No, I agree, Chris. I don't think there's anything there, Arpine, to worry about.
Chris Cocks: I think the biggest difference between Q2 this year and Q2 last year, Arpine, was we leaned into two rather large digital launches with Magic: The Gathering Arena mobile, which was in April. And then we started doing all the presale and advertising for the launch of Dungeons & Dragons Dark Alliance, which came out in late June. So year-over-year, we didn't comp those, and that's what drove kind of the favorability on A&P.
Arpine Kocharyan: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on revenue. Is it possible to give us a sense of how much D&D Beyond is adding to revenue for the year? Or is the guidance now kind of low single digit up -- ex-FX is excluding that and is more organic? I was not sure whether that guidance includes the acquisition. And if you could detail how much exactly that's heading for the year? I think you said before that it's really immaterial to EPS. So I'm not worried about EPS. Just asking about revenue here.
Chris Cocks: Yes. I'm going to turn most of this answer over to Cynthia if you want to opine, Cynthia. It's relatively small for the balance of the year. We -- and it was certainly very small for the quarter. But we do see it being material as we get into 2023 and beyond on the top line and bottom line basis. But a lot of that's going to have to do with the revenue synergies that we see with the business as we start to integrate it, which is still relatively early days. Cynthia, anything to add from the Wizards vantage point?
Cynthia Williams: Thanks, Chris. Yes, the one thing I'd say is D&D Beyond performed consistent to our expectations. It's only been -- we've only owned it for a month now. But we are super excited about the opportunities it gives us to better serve our fans. Chris mentioned a moment ago that about 85% of their current audience on Dungeons & Dragons Beyond is based in North America. So we see a big opportunity to unlock the global audience with regional translations and culturalized content. We see an opportunity to create multiple experiences that will cater to different player segments, especially those that will tap into that awareness we'll build with our entertainment offerings. So while it's small right now, we see a bright future with Wizards owning Dungeons & Dragons Beyond.
Deb Thomas: And just to add, looking at our financials overall, we do expect it to be dilutive for the full year. However, it will be accretive to next year.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: I just have two. First, I was wondering if you could just help begin what the 3Q revenue could look like. It sounds like there's an implication that it should be down year-over-year just given the direct import revenue shift and the slowing growth or slower growth in Wizards of the Coast. But I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about that? And then secondly, I was just wondering if you could just give us a little bit more detail around Wizard margins in the quarter, obviously, a record high. Was that simply operating leverage because of the record revenues? Or were there any mix benefits? And what's driving the drag on margins for the remainder of the year in Wizards relative to the second quarter? Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Got you. Yes. So for Q3, I think you're reading our guidance correctly, Michael. I think a couple of things are going on. First off, it's just kind of more release timing associated with what we're releasing across our Film & TV teams and our Family Brand teams and Entertainment. I think it has to do -- like we actually feel the underlying growth in Wizards is very strong. Our tabletop revenues were up 15% in Q2. So we see good momentum in that business. But based on the quirks of when we're going to release different sets, we feel like Q3 is going to be a little bit of a breather for that business. And we'll start seeing growth again in Q4, particularly as we lead into our 30th anniversary for the -- for MAGIC going into 2023. And then our overall CP business, like you said, we had a little bit of a shift of some of our direct imports from Q3 into Q2. I think that really reflects strong retailer enthusiasm for our back half of the year innovation. It's going to allow our teams to be able to really lean into advertising and promotions and really be able to solve some of the issues that we've had for the last couple of years on out of stocks because we feel like that inventory is very high quality and has a lot of upside potential for us in terms of POS. I'll turn over the balance of the question over to Deb.
Deb Thomas: Right. And we did talk a bit about entertainment as well, some of the deliveries that we have in Q4 versus Q3 a year ago. Interestingly, and we tried to highlight this in our release, when we release movies directly to streaming, revenue recognition just has us take it right at that point in time. And we have more releases that are actual theatrical coming in the third quarter, which will have that same revenue. It just gets spread out over the period with all of the ultimates and the library value that comes to that as well. So we're very excited about what's coming up in entertainment, but our delivery timing is a bit more Q4 from a revenue recognition standpoint and beyond than it was in Q3 a year ago. We also had the MY LITTLE PONY movie as well. So when you think about all those things, it really is just a timing issue. And the only thing I would add to what Chris said is as we look at our retailers and what they're expecting over the holiday period, they're looking to have more holiday promotions this year. And we're actually seeing that. You're seeing people actually going into shops more. Well, we're very excited about direct-to-consumer. And Eric talked earlier about pulse in the market that we have there and how excited we are about all that innovation. I think we're going to see more holiday promotions at retail. And we are well positioned this year with the inventory to meet that demand, whereas last year, we were short and retailers were short.
Chris Cocks: Yes. And so from your second part of your question was margins on the Wizards business. For Q2, a great deal of that upside was the lack of amortization or realized kind of amortization for our digital launches, particularly Dark Alliance and Arena mobile and a much lower A&P spend associated with the business because we tend to heavy up and front load the marketing spends for those kinds of releases. For the back half of the year, I think what you see is we continue to invest heavily in building out the infrastructure for digital games, in particular, with the Wizards business. And we also have, as the economy starts to open up, we're starting to resume some of our more historical spending on organized play and helping to support that. So, those costs are starting to come back into the Wizards business and something that we're factoring in on our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Megan Alexander with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Megan Alexander: In the slides, you mentioned POS was down again in 2Q. You did mention the Amazon Prime shift. So did that drive POS down in the quarter? And maybe can you just talk about how that trended versus 1Q and maybe what it looks like quarter-to-date, given you are expecting growth in POS in the second half?
Chris Cocks: Yes. Certainly, having a Prime Day shift from June to July did have an impact, and we're very pleased with the results of Prime Day this year, 20% increase in sell-through, felt pretty good to us and was generally on track with what we're looking for. In terms of our overall POS, we have long guided that our product innovation is back half of the year weighted. That's like we have some great new products coming out. Eric talked about Selfie series. We just announced Wordle: The Party Game. It's our best-selling presale ever in the board game category. We've got a lot of new innovation coming out across our brands, whether it's the PLAY-DOH ice cream cart, which we think is an amazing giftable item; NERF GelFire, which is going to be some of the best new innovation in the blaster category we think there's ever been, frankly. And then all-new product lines like STARTING LINEUP for the sports memorabilia fan, we feel pretty good about where our product innovation is coming from. Also, we had a relatively light first half in terms of our entertainment lineup. And the back half of the year, I think, really starts a fantastic cadence of new entertainment releases. Probably one that I'm most looking forward to is Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. That's probably going to be one of the biggest blockbusters of 2022. And I think that's just kind of as big as that product -- as big as that movie is going to be, it's just an appetizer for what's going to be a fantastic first half to next year, including the Dungeons & Dragons Honor Among Thieves movie, some fantastic new releases from our partners at Disney and then Transformers Rise of the Beast come next June. Eric, anything to add?
Eric Nyman: No, you hit most of them, Chris. I think just to finish that, Megan, we really do feel like after some headwinds in the first half, we have a strong second half plan. We're proud of our teams and their innovation. Even in addition to all the great innovations Chris mentioned, we also have some big programs in retail in August behind Star Wars and the Obi-Wan product line, which is sitting behind their extremely popular Disney+ series. And across the board, the strength continues across the Marvel portfolio. So we really do feel like we're poised to have some positive POS versus where we've been. And I think the innovation you're going to continue to see from Hasbro is very, very strong.
Megan Alexander: Got it. That's really helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up, again, on the Wizards margin, it had very strong performance in 2Q. And it does seem like you raised the top line guide a bit for that segment. You talked about potential to reach low double-digit, now you are including that in the guide. So that would imply just higher operating margin on mix in the back half, but you did keep the overall profit outlook unchanged. So are you just seeing higher costs in other areas of the business? And are you still thinking about COGS being around 30% of sales for the year?
Deb Thomas: So overall, we are seeing higher cost. As we mentioned, there was pressure on gross margin from our -- particularly our MAGIC business, but also the D&D business when you think about Wizards in the quarter. We just had much lower advertising and depreciation expense as we talked about. So when we see the mix as we head into the back half of the year, we do have pricing on select MAGIC: THE GATHERING releases we have had to take just to compensate for paper costs. We've invested to make sure we have paper to support the demand that we expect in both D&D and MAGIC: THE GATHERING as well. But overall, as we see the mix and the things that impacted us back half of the year, while we could be surprised, we are expecting margins to be slightly down from a year ago overall for the full year. However, we agree, the second quarter was an exceptional quarter given the mix of business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Fred Wightman: I know that you made the comment that you had assumed some macro challenges when you guys issued guidance start of the year. But could you just give us sort of a quick sense of the high level for how you see each of the main categories performing if we do move into a recession? I think that we can go back and sort of look at what the toy business did in '08 and '09, but for some of the newer pieces of the business that might not have been broken out previously or that were part of Hasbro, could you sort of give us a sense for how you see the elasticities or peak to trough or however you want to frame it?
Chris Cocks: Yes. Certainly, we came into the year feeling like there is a mix of headwinds and tailwinds for the consumer. We were very cognizant of the inflationary environment we were operating in, both from a consumer takeaway as well as its impact on our supply chain. I think net new headwinds that emerged through the year has been the Russia conflict and the effects of that and then the currency dynamics with the strengthening dollar, which particularly affects our CP segment in markets like EMEA and our Wizard segment with a very strong dollar versus the Japanese yen. So as we look at our segments moving forward, I think what we feel fortunate as, as a company is that we have very resilient segments across toys, games and entertainment. These tend to be small luxuries that consumers value pretty highly. Our CP segment in prior economic downturns has done relatively well. It has been affected, but not nearly as much as those economic downturns would affect the macro economy. The games business tends to be very resilient. MAGIC: THE GATHERING started -- MAGIC has grown 12 out of the last 13 years, and that growth vector started back in 2008 during the last financial crisis. And we continue to see that consumer being very resilient with a deep well of savings and a large amount of passion for pursuing what they love. And then in the Entertainment segment, we continue to see that to be rebounding from the pandemic. Our Film & TV business is up in the first half of the year. We continue to project our overall Entertainment segment ex the sale of our Music business up for the full year. So we feel pretty good about where our outlook is and maintaining our guidance from prior quarters.
Fred Wightman: Makes sense. And then you called out the $60 million shift just from the direct import timing. Is there anything else that you're seeing or hearing from retailers that could cause some impact as far as 3Q, 4Q split in the back half of the year?
Chris Cocks: Eric, anything to add?
Eric Nyman: I think with regards to retail, Deb already mentioned some of the dynamics. I think we're feeling actually pretty comfortable from a supply chain standpoint, which is the one thing Chris didn't touch on in the last narrative that conditions are improving. And while things are more expensive and transit times do take a little bit longer than they have in the past. Our teams are managing through those challenges. Retailers are managing through those challenges. And I think you'll see, as Deb mentioned, as we get into the Q3 and Q4, a stronger environment where our position amongst retailer promotions and their advertising is favorable. And we're certainly optimistic about that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: So, on the Wizards business, I think in some recent correspondence, you indicated that you've expended over $1 billion on this business over the last five years. Can you address what the planned cadence of spending will be going forward? And Deb, I think you suggested that you're going to focus on digital and talent. But any more specifics you can provide in terms of where you intend to invest?
Chris Cocks: Well, I would say at a top level, and then I'll turn it over to Deb and/or Cynthia if they'd like to chime in. We continue to invest behind the Wizards business and our games business as a whole. Digital will be an area of focus for us. I think we will at least maintain our production spending on digital. I think over the next couple of years, you'll see us announcing more products and introducing new innovation. I think games as a service is going to be a big area of focus inside of that digital business with what we call digital tabletop, what are we doing and where are we taking platforms like Magic: The Gathering Arena. I think we've already announced some platform expansion, but we see some upside potential in new gaming formats and new quadrants of players. I think D&D Beyond will be a major area of investment for us and development. We see a lot of upside in kind of content to commerce synergies with our Hasbro Pulse platform, international growth and really doing something special to make screens such -- in a more and more important part of even face-to-face kind of in-person play. And then we're also fascinated with what we can do with the balance of our gaming portfolio on some of the learnings that we've had with some of our "hard core tabletop games." I think there's some interesting opportunities for digitization of our overall board gaming assets that I know the team is investigating. And then beyond that, video games continues to be an area of focus for us. I think we'll have a couple of really interesting announces coming up within the next three to four quarters. We've got some just killer talent working on those games. And those games will span announcements that we have for established brands like DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and then some new innovation that we have being cooked up by people who are almost household names inside of the gaming industry, James Ohlen and the team at Archetype Studios being one of them that I'm particularly excited about. So I would say we're going to continue to lean in on investments in games. I think digital will be a particular focus of that investment, and you should expect us to at least maintain our current spending outlook, if not leaning in further as we see upside potential.
Drew Crum: Got it. Very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up, Deb. You're forecasting the cash flow to come in at the lower end of the range. Anything specific to call out there that's driving that updated guidance?
Deb Thomas: Really just that you're seeing the reflection of our preorders on the inventory and the operating cash flow number. From an investing standpoint, we just -- which is part of our free cash flow. We did make that very strategic acquisition of D&D Beyond, which we're very excited about the future for that, as Chris just said, for the platform for many things that we have in our view going forward. So as we look at that, we do expect the inventory to turn, but in the back half of the year, we expect our cash flow generation to actually improve in the back half of the year.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Linda Bolton-Weiser with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: I was wondering if you could comment on what you're seeing like on the toy side of the business in terms of raw material input costs. I know that for the toys being produced for this Christmas, the costs are up, but we're seeing like spot prices for some things like plastic resin are starting to roll over. So can you just kind of comment on kind of like what you're seeing on a longer-term basis? And do you think next year kind of bodes well in terms of cost comparisons on the raw material side? Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Yes. Thanks for the question, Linda. I'm going to turn it over to Eric to give you an overview on what we see going on in the supply chain. Eric?
Eric Nyman: Thanks, Chris. So a couple of things to hit with regards to your question, Linda. The first was with regards to input costs. We do see those rising, and both Deb and Chris talked about them in our prepared remarks a bit. We have taken pricing to cover that, and we feel comfortable that we continue to make the right decisions with regards to pricing to cover those input cost increases. And we're working with our partners as we look go forward to continue to manage and mitigate some of those headwinds. With regards to transit, which is kind of the other big piece that we've talked about in the past, we are seeing some of the transit times and transit costs easing a bit. And we expect that trend to continue as well as we go into the fall. So I think some puts and takes across the board there, but we feel like we have our hands wrapped around it, and the teams are managing it well.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: Great. And just switching a little bit. We've seen a lot of talk about the Toys "R" Us store within stores expanding to all the Macy's. Can you talk about -- does that move the needle at all for you? And how are you thinking about that opportunity in terms of some expanded distribution in the channels?
Eric Nyman: Sure. I'll just continue on that one. Clearly, Toys "R" Us is making another comeback. And we're always excited when we see toy space and toy merchandising increase in retail footprints around the world. We're certainly encouraged by what we're seeing as Toys "R" Us partners up with Macy's. And we saw the announcements, obviously, that you did. And we clearly have been in conversations with them for quite some time that they're going to expand that footprint for this Q3 and Q4. They're good partners of ours. And -- but when I say they, I'll talk about Macy's because it's really a footprint store within a store concept, and we'll continue to supply them as needed. I don't expect it to be significantly material for this year. But we are excited that we're continuing to see the toy footprint expanding. And we think that any time you have the chance to put more toys and games in the hands of consumers around the world at holiday, it's a good thing.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Great. I have one follow-up. First, on Wizards, there's a lot of noise in the Wizard segment this quarter. Can you please talk about the performance of the core Magic Arena on its own excluding mobile launches and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, et cetera? Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Yes. I'll start. And then, Cynthia, if you want to add, please do. So Arena Mobile launched last year. We saw a nice surge of new users and new revenue associated with that. Revenue for the platform was down after seeing kind of that surge, but still up on a on a pre kind of mobile basis. We're entering the fourth year of the platform. So it's -- we would expect it to be starting to get to a maturing aspect. We think things like scheme, things like consoles will be nice revenue kickers and user kickers for us. Moving forward, we see a relatively stable outlook for the revenue for Arena. We see it maintaining as the most important acquisition vehicle inside of the MAGIC brand in terms of bringing new people in and training them on the brand. And then long -- mid and longer term, we see some nice innovation opportunities, which potentially could change that revenue curve and kind of that outlook. Cynthia, anything you'd like to add?
Cynthia Williams: Yes, I think you covered most of it. The only other thing I would say is we will continue to listen to our customers and the community as we are working on that road map for innovation. We're super excited about how Arena will continue to contribute to the overall MAGIC ecosystem.
Chris Cocks: Great. You had a follow-up, too?
Gerrick Johnson: Yes, I did. On a consolidated basis, you guys have commented over and over that you're maintaining guidance. But the fact of it is, you've lowered revenue outlook because of FX, right? It's in constant currency now. Before, it's just in dollars. Your operating margin guidance is maintained. So is it FX hedges below the operating line or share buyback or lower interest? What is it that gets you to maintaining guidance?
Deb Thomas: Sure. Gerrick, you're right. I mean, as we said in the first quarter, we warned that currency was a headwind. And in fact, we saw the euro for the first time in 20 years reach parity. I think it's up a tick this morning, right? But on a translation basis, that impacts our revenue, right? But the underlying business is healthy. Our -- we do hedge our costs. Most of our costs for products are denominated in U.S. dollars. So we hedge that. We're probably 65%, 70% hedged at a given time. So it does have less of an impact to operating profit. In addition to that, we are very focused on controlling our costs and implementing cost savings initiatives wherever we can. And we're excited to actually talk more about that when we get to Investor Day and how we view the long-term impact of that. But overall, we continue to invest in our business for long-term growth and do the smart business things to protect our margin on the bottom line and cut costs where we don't need to expand them.
Operator: At this time, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I'll turn the call over to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours, and management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. As Deb and Chris both mentioned, we look forward to sharing more about our strategic plans at our Investor Day on October 4 in New York. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And at this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro’s Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris and Deb providing commentary on the company’s performance, then we will take your questions. Cynthia Williams, President of Wizards of the Coast in Digital Gaming; Darren Throop, President and CEO of eOne; and Eric Nyman, Hasbro's President and Chief Operating Officer will join for the Q&A portion of the call. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Good morning. I'm happy to be joining you today to discuss Hasbro's first quarter results and share the efforts our leadership team are undertaking to assess the business and strategic direction of Hasbro. Deb Thomas will speak shortly in detail about our quarterly performance that supports our view of growth for the year. In Q1, our Hasbro teams executed well, growing revenue to $1.16 billion, a 4% year-over-year increase and 7% absent our music business, which we sold last year at the beginning of Q3. Revenues grew in each segment. One of the standout performers for the quarter was our latest MAGIC: THE GATHERING release, Kamigawa: Neon Dynasty, which is our best-selling winner set of all time, beating the prior year set by 28%. Neon Dynasty is the fifth MAGIC set to generate in excess of $100 million and is our third largest set ever. Our overall Games portfolio grew 4% and would have been even stronger. However, we moved our March MAGIC release, Infinity to September to help our supply chain to keep up with robust demand for the base MAGIC business. Our consumer products segment also showed growth, buoyed by MY LITTLE PONY, PEPPA PIG and Hasbro products for the Marvel portfolio and Star Wars. And our industry-leading entertainment capabilities drove a revenue increase of 4% or 22%, excluding $31.8 million of music revenue from last year. TV, film and animated content drove the growth, including deliveries of The Rookie, which was just picked up for Season 5; the premier of TRANSFORMERS BotBots, which was a top 10 kids series on Netflix in its first week; and Power Rangers Dino Fury, which was also one of the top 10 most watched kids shows on Netflix in all markets it launched.  For the full year, we continue to project topline growth in the low single digits, behind continued strength in our highly profitable Wizards and Digital Gaming business, which we now see growing at the upper-end of our previously communicated growth range of mid-single digits with the potential to reach low double digits. We continue to expect the Entertainment segment to grow mid-single digits, absent the Music business.  Combined with low single-digit growth in the Consumer Products segment, projected growth in consumer products would be mid-single digits, absent an approximate $100 million headwind related to Russia. On a bottom-line basis, since taking over as CEO, our team has commenced a comprehensive review of our strategy and operations. A major theme of this effort is focus and scale, focusing on fewer, bigger opportunities and scaling those with reinvestment to drive profitable growth and enhanced shareholder return. We'll share a more fulsome update on this strategy at an Investor Day, we are scheduling for October 4, but we are already identifying opportunities to drive enhanced operating profit across the company, particularly when coupled with the continued strong demand we are seeing in our Games business. For the year, we are increasing our outlook for operating profit and anticipate adjusted operating profit margins of 16%, a meaningful improvement versus last year's 15.5%.  I'm also pleased to report, based on the solid profitable fundamentals we see across our company, starting in Q2, we will resume our stock repurchase program with a target investment in the $75 million to $150 million range in 2022. As part of this review, games, multigenerational plan entertainment and direct-to-consumer will be key focus areas for us as a company.  In 2021, games was a $2.1 billion business for Hasbro, growing 19% year-over-year, generating an OP margin in excess of 30%. Last week, we announced a deal with Fandom to acquire D&D Beyond. The premier digital content platform for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, for $146 million. The addition of D&D Beyond to our games portfolio, adds a powerful asset to one of our cornerstone gaming brands. D&D Beyond brings nearly 10 million connected gaming accounts and a highly profitable, rapidly growing business into the Hasbro family with a 3-year CAGR of over 50% and a projected operating profit margin once combined with Hasbro in excess of 65% and powerful new growth vectors as part of Hasbro, including international market expansion, enhanced digital play experiences, physical digital tie-ins, all new direct-to-digital exclusive content and new brand partnerships. We see a bright future for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. And we only see these opportunities growing over time as we invest in an end-to-end brand blueprint for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, including blockbuster films and streaming TV, AAA video games, a major consumer products push and significant marketing tie-ins. D&D Beyond is more than just a great business. It will become the digital hub of DUNGEONS & DRAGONS play that our Brand Blueprint will enhance and accelerate. Multi-generational play is a significant growth opportunity for us. It may surprise many that Hasbro generates the majority of our profits among consumers over the age of 13. Much of this is generated by gaming but also by collectibles and the fan economy, which are one of our fastest-growing and most important growth businesses. We see a big opportunity in embracing the agelessness of play as we unlock more value through play and entertainment across our portfolio among our own brands and our strategically important partner brand portfolio and in the partner IP we work with for co-brands. Our license partnerships go forward will further unlock and enhance this profitable opportunity. As an example of this approach, we are excited to announce the return of one of the most beloved sports collectible brands of all time, Starting Lineup. The relaunch of Starting Lineup gives us a new product line to appeal to fans of all ages in a fast-growing category with many more exciting partnership announcements to come in the near future. Starting Lineup joins a collection of some of the most sought-after collectors brands in the world, including Fortnite, Disney's Marvel, Indiana Jones and Star Wars and Fantasy Juggernauts, the Lord of the Rings and Warhammer 40,000. Our new approach to brand partnerships combines IP with terrific multigenerational appeal, strong growth profiles supported by evergreen AAA games and blockbuster entertainment and a superior margin outlook. Starting Lineup and D&D Beyond also represent important investments in our direct-to-consumer capabilities. Starting Lineup will launch exclusively on Hasbro Pulse, our direct-to-consumer platform and across the Fanatics network this fall, and D&D Beyond brings the largest online collection of DUNGEONS & DRAGONS players onto a platform owned and operated by Hasbro. Combined, they represent both compelling businesses and a great opportunity to enhance our growing insights into some of our most lucrative and engaged fans. Before I turn it over to Deb, I want to welcome a new member to our senior management team. Shane Azzi is joining us in May, as our new Chief Global Supply Chain Officer, reporting to Eric Nyman, Hasbro's President and COO. Shane was the SVP and Chief Global Supply Chain Officer at CPG Powerhouse, Kimberly-Clark and will help us modernize and streamline Hasbro's back-end operations over the coming quarters. I'm excited to have a supply chain expert of Shane's caliber and experience join our executive leadership team and look forward to his contributions in our ongoing strategy review as we focus and scale, drive our games business, expand our multigenerational play and entertainment opportunities and build out our direct capabilities. In closing, Hasbro executed a solid first quarter punctuated by continued strength in our games business, particularly Wizards and Digital Gaming, which we view growing at the top end of our previous guidance for 2022. We project continued growth in 2022 and see clear opportunities to enhance the profitability of our business and invest in new direct capabilities like D&D Beyond, new collectible platforms like Starting Lineup and enhancing shareholder value with these strategic investments for growth, including our share repurchase program. It's only been a little over 100 days since my announcement in January, but my hope is you see the same energy and discipline in these investments and focus on our consumers as we pursued across the Wizards business for the past six years, and we only just beginning. Our approach to our strategy review will be comprehensive, evaluating our brand priorities, our cost structure, our capital allocation strategy and where we need to position Hasbro for long-term success and superior shareholder return. The management team and I are looking forward to sharing more about our plans to focus and scale at our Investor Day this October. I'd now like to turn the presentation over to Deb to share more details about our performance in the first quarter and our outlook for the year ahead. We will follow this up with a Q&A session where Cynthia, Eric and Darren will join Deb and I on the call. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Coming off a strong 2021, the Hasbro team delivered a good start to the year. We're excited to have Chris on board, and as he did with Wizards of the Coast, he's looking at Hasbro with a fresh view to our rich opportunities and strengths, bolstered by a disciplined approach to build on the solid foundation in place. We look forward to sharing more with you as the year progresses and in October at our Investor Day. First quarter revenue grew 4% and 6% on a constant currency basis. Each segment had revenue growth. The brand portfolio categories grew and TV, film and entertainment was flat but grew 19% absent music. Our total gaming category grew 4% versus the first quarter last year to $379 million. Total gaming has grown in 10 of the last 12 quarters, reflecting the multigenerational power of connecting through games. For the full year 2021, our total games category was over $2 billion in revenue with an OP margin in excess of 30%. We continue investing to grow our gaming capabilities and leadership. At current exchange rates, we expect full year revenue growth in the low single digits. As we focus on building scale around our largest and most profitable brands, growing our games portfolio and tightly manage our fixed cost, we've increased our operating profit growth guidance to mid-single digits and believe we can achieve 16% adjusted OP margin. The first quarter of 2022 experienced the cost pressures we anticipated and guided to. Higher capitalized input and freight costs in year-end inventory had a negative impact on gross margin. Freight costs remain high, impacting both cost of sales and distribution. Adjusted operating profit was $141.8 million or 12.2%, down from a year ago due to higher product input costs and freight, the mix of entertainment deliveries in the quarter and the sale of the music business mid-2021. Consumer Products segment revenues grew 5% in constant currency and grew 3%, including a negative impact of FX of $13.5 million. Strength in partner brands, primarily Marvel and Star Wars; and emerging brands, primarily Power Rangers and PJ Masks, led this growth. Franchise Brands slightly declined due to FX and with Peppa Pig and My Little Pony posting good growth. Hasbro gaming revenues were flat absent FX. Geographically, revenue grew in the Americas, the US, Canada and Latin America and declined in Europe. Absent the impact of FX, European revenues were up. Due primarily to COVID-related retail closures and inability to ship product, Asia Pacific revenues declined 19% with FX not having a significant impact in these markets. Adjusted operating profit for the segment declined by $13.4 million. The decreased profit reflects higher product cost and freight expense. As we have previously discussed, price increases take effect in the second quarter to help offset higher costs and support our view to growing revenue low single digits and improving adjusted operating profit margin. Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming segment revenues grew 9% in the quarter, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Dungeons & Dragons as well as Duel Masters contributed to growth. Foreign exchange had a negative $3 million impact. Tabletop revenues increased on the strength of Kamigawa as well as growth in Dungeons & Dragons. Digital revenues grew by $3.7 million. This reflects continued growth in last year's MAGIC and Dungeons & Dragons Digital Gaming launches. We do not have similar launches this year and will have more difficult comparisons for the remainder of 2022. As Chris mentioned, last week, we announced the acquisition of D&D Beyond from Fandom. This investment provides a platform for growing the Dungeons & Dragons digital business over time, coming in advance of the brand's deeper activation, including a March 2023 feature film and significant consumer product plans. Due to acquisition costs, the transaction is expected to be slightly dilutive to EPS, although immaterial, in 2022, but accretive in future years. Operating profit for this segment declined by $3.6 million or 3% to 40.5%. This is due to higher product costs associated with our tabletop business, both in card stock and printing, increased freight costs and ongoing head count and product development investments to support the growing business, both near and long term. In order to mitigate significantly higher input costs, we expect to implement price increases mid-year. We continue to expect the second quarter to be the largest of the year, but now expect full year mid-single-digit to potentially low double-digit revenue growth and adjusted operating margin declining slightly from 42.5% in 2021. Entertainment segment revenues increased 4%, primarily due to increased deliveries in unscripted and scripted television, the resumption of live touring shows and higher content sales related to animated programming. These increases were largely offset by revenue from the music business, which was $31.8 million in the first quarter of 2021. As a reminder, the music business was sold midyear 2021. Negative comparison will also impact the second quarter. Absent music revenue in 2021, the segment revenue grew 22%. Foreign exchange had a negative $1 million impact in the quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect revenue growth absent the music business in the mid-single-digits. Adjusted operating profit in this segment declined by $20.9 million over 2021 and $12.7 million excluding the music business. Approximately half of this decline in operating profit was due to COVID-related cost subsidies received in the first quarter of 2021, and the remainder is due to the mix of lower-margin deliveries, particularly in the film and scripted television business. For the second quarter, based on planned deliveries, revenue is expected to increase over the 2021 period and adjusted operating profit margin is expected to decline slightly due to music profits in the comparable period. For the full year, adjusted operating profit margin is expected to be in the high single-digits. Looking at our overall Hasbro P&L, gross margin, including cost of sales and program amortization, was 59.5% of net revenues compared with 65.3% in the first quarter of 2021. As discussed in the segments, increased input costs and higher freight drove a 2.6 percentage point increase as a percent of revenue and cost of goods sold, while the mix of entertainment deliveries drove a 3.2 percentage point increase in program amortization. Based on the expected mix of our business and the timing of price increases taking place, we expect cost of sales as a percentage of revenue in Q2 to be slightly lower than Q1, with the full year percentage to be in line with full year 2021. Based on expected deliveries, program amortization as a percentage of revenue is currently expected to be slightly higher than Q2 2021 levels in the second quarter and in full year 2022 at a slightly lower level than 2021. To improve product in stocks this holiday season versus last, we're advancing deliveries of key items in our owned inventory so that we can ensure it's on hand. This lets us take advantage of best available rates, but with increased shipping times also ensures that we do not have issues with setting inventory in high consumer demand periods. Additionally, to ensure we have paper stock on hand for strong demand in our high-margin growing games business, we've purchased paper product. Gaming is a strategic growth driver and we'll continue to ensure we have the right supply and investments behind these brands. Historically, inventory purchases peaked in the August to December time line. In 2022, we expect this peak to occur in the May to July timeframe. Higher cost in inventory and an approximately 20% acceleration in purchases in the first quarter are reflected in our inventory balance, which is 17% higher than year-end 2021. We expect to have higher levels on hand or on the water in the earlier part of the year than historically. Advertising declines were driven by lower spend in entertainment with the sale of the music business, as well as lower spend in Wizards and Digital Gaming for launch support of both Arena Mobile and DARK ALLIANCE in 2021.  SG&A for the quarter includes higher marketing and sales and administrative costs associated with salary and benefits in our commercial and brand organizations, increasing travel costs and higher freight and warehousing. For the full year, we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be similar to 2021. Other income net was $1.8 million. In 2021, the first quarter included a $25.6 million gain or $0.19 per share from a legal settlement. Absent that gain, other income was slightly lower year-over-year. The first quarter tax rate was 20.4% of adjusted income. Based on currently enacted tax law, we continue to expect our full year 2022 adjusted rate to be in the 19% to 20% range. The low rate in Q1 of 2021 was due to the legal settlement included in other income, which did not have a tax impact. In our historically and consistently smallest quarter of the year, adjusted earnings per share decreased year-over-year to $0.57, due to a combination of continued supply chain headwinds, nonrecurring events and the shift in the MAGIC release.  At the end of the first quarter, our cash balance was $1.06 billion compared with a year-end balance of $1.02 billion and Q1, 2021 of $1.43 billion. Over the last 12 months, we paid down more than $1 billion in debt and returned $376 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends. Given our cash position and business outlook, we plan to repurchase $75 million to $150 million of Hasbro shares this year. We remain on-track to achieve our gross debt to adjusted EBITDA target of 2 to 2.5x in the second half of 2023 or sooner.  Our operating cash flows for the first quarter of $135 million reflect the advanced inventory purchasing, I spoke to earlier and an increase in accounts receivable related to our Entertainment business revenue. Our DSO was 73 days compared with 66 days in Q1, 2021, when we were only just starting to resume entertainment deliveries after COVID production shutdowns.  Our cash spend on production for the quarter was $169 million and was largely funded through the use of our new short-term production facility, which carries lower interest and administrative costs than those of the past and the proceeds of which is included in financing cash flows. Overall, the team delivered a good first quarter. Our momentum in strategic growth areas like gaming, coupled with strong product innovation, a robust entertainment slate and a focus on cost discipline, give us confidence in maintaining our revenue guidance of low single-digit growth for the full year while increasing our expectation for adjusted operating profit margin to reach 16%. We are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will be coming from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Handler: Good morning and thanks for the question. Wonder if you could talk a little bit about some of the supply chain issues. Specifically, there's a lot of ships, the container ships right now waiting to dock in -- outside of Shanghai. Wonder if you could just talk about how that's impacting your views. And is there any risk there with getting enough product?
Chris Cocks: Good morning, Eric. Hey, this is Chris. I'm going to turn this one over to Eric, who can take you through the supply chain situation that we have overall in the first quarter and what we look at for the outlook for the balance of the year. Eric?
Eric Nyman: Thanks, Chris. Hey, Eric, I'll really pivot to talk about where our inventories are because that's, I think, at the heart of your question. At the start, our Hasbro inventories are in good shape at the end of quarter one. We feel good about our position heading into the balance of the year. Our retail inventories are in good shape as well. We're up a bit in the US, as noted. Quality is good as we head into our strongest events for the balance of the year. And I'll just remind you of some of them, things like Star Wars, Obi-Wan Kenobi, streaming on Disney+, Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse, our new My Little Pony and Transformers: EarthSpark animation and Wakanda Forever, knowing that we're in pretty good shape there. We feel at this point pretty good, Eric, about our inventories going into the back half. And I'd also note with regard to supply chain, as Chris noted and Deb noted, in their upfronts, we're excited to also have a world-class leader coming in and joining Hasbro as Shane Azzi is planning on joining Hasbro in May coming from Kimberly-Clark.
Eric Handler: Great. And then just a quick follow-up for Darren, if possible. Darren, so congratulations on the Rookie getting renewed for a fifth season. That should give you close to 100 episodes at the end of next year, which should put us in a good position to sell into the syndicated -- syndication market for TV. I know you're on Hulu, but wondering if you could talk about maybe some off-network syndication, how that market is shaping up and where you are with that process?
Darren Throop: Yes, sure. Thanks. Thanks, Eric. Yes. So great news on season 5 of The Rookie. The show continues to trend really well and get viewed really well. Really syndication, it turns into -- when we get those episodes back from the broadcaster, we've got an opportunity to go back to market and resell them in a packaged format. There's all kinds of demand right now, Eric. Of course, the streamers are some of our biggest buyers right now in the networks as well. So it's a real good opportunity for the group to go back and tap the market again with a well-loved show. So it's good to see season 5.
Eric Handler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Hi. Thank you very much. I have two quick ones. So for operating profit margin, it seems like outlook is better overall, kind of, higher than previously communicated, which is impressive given what we know about supply chain and everything that's going on. It seems like Wizard margin is slightly lower. I was wondering if you could talk about what is better to offset that such that your overall margin outlook is better?
Chris Cocks: Well, we continue to see a positive mix shift in our overall revenue mix, Arpiné. Our games segment has a very nice operating profit profile. Wizards, we think, is going to grow on the top end of our range, potentially as high as more of our traditional double-digit growth rate. And when we couple that with the great product lineup, the fantastic entertainment and storytelling lineup that Eric talked about, along with some targeted cost savings that we're doing across the organization, we feel like we can raise that operating profit -- adjusted operating profit outlook for the year.
Debbie Hancock: Just to add a bit more detail, Arpiné, just as well. As you look at the business and the cost pressures, we said we would have cost pressures in our gross margins for the first quarter, and we did. Price increases in CP start to hit in the second quarter. Actually, they've already started, and we'll see those to offset some of those higher costs as well as our first price increase in MAGIC: THE GATHERING, in certain sets that come later this year. So as Chris said, it all balances out that high growth gaming business and that focus as well as covering some of the increased costs that we're seeing will help us get to that margin.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Thank you. That's super helpful. And then just a quick one on POS. I know you mentioned POS down for Q1, which is not surprising given that Easter shift. I was curious if you could share, if you have, year-to-date Easter adjusted numbers that include the first two weeks of POS in April. And then while we are at it, do you have a week of inventory at retail at quarter end handy?
Chris Cocks: Well, it's still a little early for a full POS readout on the first quarter. What we can say is, traditionally, the Q1 is one of our smallest quarters. We have a fantastic lineup coming up in following quarters, along with a great entertainment lineup. And we exited the quarter with POS on the positive upswing. We like what the trends are and we see that improving as the year goes.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Ng: Hey, thanks for the question and increased disclosures around Wizards. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what the swing factors are for this year to potentially reach the low double-digit top line growth for Wizards? And then, separately, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the longer term mix of tabletop versus digital and when you need to execute against to achieve that? Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Sure. I will give a very quick answer, and then I'll turn it over to Cynthia Williams, our new President of our Wizards and digital segment. When we look at Wizards, we look at a combination of MAGIC, both tabletop and digital and D&D and the balance of the portfolio. And in Q1, and throughout the rest of the year, we see strength across each of those. And so that's kind of what we're looking at as we look at the mix. We see our tabletop revenues being pretty buoyant and actually growing above our expectations, and we continue to invest heavily in digital. Now that said, as Deb mentioned during her upfront, we have a couple of headwinds on digital in terms of comps. We had a very successful release of Arena Mobile last year, which has kind of settled into a more of a mature kind of growth rate. And we also had Dark Alliance, which was a new video game for D&D that came out in late June last year. We're not going to be comping those. So we think our digital growth is going to be a little bit more muted. But on balance, when we look at the two, we feel good about where the Wizard segment is going. Cynthia, I'll turn it over to you on any further color or commentary to add.
Cynthia Williams: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I think, a few things I'd say is, we still have six additional sets we're going to be releasing this year. Two of those will be in the second quarter, which will be our biggest quarter of the year. You've likely seen that we've announced the release of Streets of New Capenna, which is a new golden age urban setting for MAGIC. Players will identify with and play as one of the five demon mob families. And beyond Streets of New Capenna, you'll see us continue to expand the number of formats and reach new customer segments by expanding our Universes Beyond initiatives, which brings IP from outside of MAGIC into the MAGIC Play system. We are excited about Universes Beyond, given the success we saw last summer with the D&D thing set Adventures in the Forgotten Realm, which set a summer release record. Deb also mentioned that we're taking our first price increase in quite a long time on MAGIC, which will take effect on select card sets starting in July.
Chris Cocks: And I'd certainly say that Kamigawa: Neon Dynasty being up 28% year-over-year and the best-selling winter set of all time is quite a bullish signal for us. And it should be noted, last winter's set was also the best-selling winter set of all time. So it's record upon record. Mike, you had a second half of your question. If possible, could you rearticulate it for us?
Mike Ng: Yes. I was just wondering if you had a view on the long-term mix of tabletop versus digital and whether you see digital becoming an increasing part of the mix. What are going to be the key drivers to get that mix to where you want it to be? Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I would say for this year, we see a fairly stable mix, if not table actually being a slightly higher mix than it was last year, given some of the comps that we have. And over the mid to long term, we see both robust growth in tabletop and digital, with digital as a growing portion of the mix for our Wizards and Digital segment over time. We don't have a specific goal around what that percentage mix should be. Both segments are highly profitable gross margin segments. And so, we like growth in both.
Mike Ng: Excellent. Thanks, Chris. Thanks, Cynthia.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Megan Alexander with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Megan Alexander: Hi. Thanks very much. Just a follow-up on retail inventories. I know you mentioned they're in good shape, up a bit in the US. Are you comfortable with where they are at this point? I know, you talked about later arrival of spring product. Has that all been set at this point? And do you think POS is still constrained at all by channel inventories?
Chris Cocks: Well, I would say, in Q1, we actually executed ahead of our plan. And so, we feel pretty good about where we're going into for Q2, Q3 and Q4, which is why we're maintaining our guidance, despite some market headwinds that we and we think the whole industry are seeing. We believe that the path to great market -- great performance and great growth is through superior execution and great products. And as Eric mentioned, we think that inventory is filled with great products, and it's going to have a lot of fantastic story-based execution, both from us and our partners at eOne, as well as our license partners like Disney, which has just a stacked lineup of entertainment in the second half of this year. Eric, any further color to add?
Eric Nyman: Yes. Thanks Chris and Megan. I think it bears repeating that we have a tremendous amount of retail support for the second half of the year in support of our innovative new Hasbro products, as Chris mentioned, Megan, including our action brands like TRANSFORMERS, where we're launching our new Transformer Earth Spark Animation later this year. We have a big Nerf best event planned for September 9th. MY LITTLE PONY and PEPPA PIG, the launch of Starting Lineup, which we announced yesterday, which we're all thrilled about bringing back to the pop-culture consciousness for fans. And in addition, we have the industry-leading games portfolio that Chris noted. And the entertainment is bear repeating as well. We have this big Star Wars launch coming up with Obi-Wan Kenobi on Disney+. As I mentioned prior, Thor: Love and Thunder, Spiderman: Across the Spider-Verse; and Wakanda Forever, all of which lead into 2023, where we have a great slate, inclusive of DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and Transformers: Rise of the Beast. So, as we have our inventory buildup, we're ready for that. And I think that's why we continue to know that we feel like our inventories are in a good position.
Megan Alexander: That's really helpful. And maybe just a quick one for Deb. You saw some nice leverage in 1Q on royalties and advertising. Both came in a little bit better than where the Street was modeling. How should we think about those two lines for the full year?
Deb Thomas: I think from a royalty standpoint, as Eric mentioned, we are excited about some things happening later in the year. But as we mix more to Hasbro-owned products, we talked about the growth in MAGIC and D&D and -- terrific growth that we've seen in MY LITTLE PONY with the entertainment we have, we expect royalties to be slightly down year-on-year. From an advertising standpoint, our advertising is focused on -- as always, on the all-important holiday season. However, different launches that we have during the year, it was a bit higher earlier in 2021 due to the Digital Gaming launches that we talked about earlier and some of the entertainment. The one thing I would say for Q3, we had a higher advertising balance because we also have the MY LITTLE PONY movie launch. So, certainly, as we think about entertainment, we would expect that to be the toughest comp for that segment for the year Q3 because of that movie launch, and advertising would have been higher in that quarter as well. But overall, I think we expect advertising in line to slightly down as a percent of revenue just based on mix for the year.
Megan Alexander: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Hey guys, good morning. I just want to go back to the margin question. Maybe looking ahead to next year, can you comment on your expectations there? You recently suggested 16%-plus was the goal. Given that you're targeting 16% this year, is there any change to your view for next year? And then I have a follow-up.
Chris Cocks: Well, for this year, certainly, we're targeting 16%, and our goal is to always see that rise. I'm going to let Deb take you through a little bit more where we see the midterm and long-term outlook.
Deb Thomas: Sure. No, absolutely. And as we said at year-end, we believe that we could get back to 16%. We get asked that question constantly. And really with the focus on – focus on scale, gaming, our multigenerational play and entertainment and – we are very – and looking at our cost in great detail. We reiterate guidance that we'll get to that 16% this year. We haven't set out a guidance, but we expect growth from that level in 2023 and beyond, particularly when you look at what we have coming. I mean we have -- we're all very excited about DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and the movie that we have coming early in the year, TRANSFORMERS: Rise of the Beast and all of our partner entertainment that's coming as well.  In particular, we look at the D&D Beyond acquisition, which we're excited about. We just said that would be accretive in 2023 and beyond. It's coming. That acquisition gives us a great base and player base as we head into the movie which will expand the number of people who are out there to play D&D Beyond. So, as we look at our total gaming portfolio and all the entertainment we have for 2023 and beyond, we're very excited about what we have ahead of us.
Drew Crum: Got it. Thanks. And then my follow-up, as it relates to Europe, I just want to clarify, you mentioned the potential risk of approximately $100 million from Russia. Are you suggesting that you could potentially ship to Russia later this year? I just want to understand that. And has your view of Europe changed in any way? So, this is excluding Russia, any change in view in terms of outlook for the year? Thanks.
Deb Thomas: So we have paused shipments into Russia and we've been asked the size of our business in the past, so we wanted to quantify that for people and that is exactly what we're doing. And Eric, do you want to comment on the remainder of Europe?
Eric Nyman: Sure. As we think about -- as Deb mentioned, for Russia specifically, just to clarify again, we've paused all shipments into Russia. That's a situation that we're all continuing to evaluate day-by-day and week-by-week. With regards to the rest of Europe, our European business is in good shape. We were up in POS for the quarter in Europe specifically, and we continue to look forward to that business continuing to grow and improve.
Deb Thomas: The only item I would add to that is the one thing, I just would point out, I mean, the – we saw in our European business this quarter, it was very strong absent FX. And the one currency -- there's really two currencies that have significantly impacted us year-on-year. One is the Euro. So, a stronger dollar against the euro, I think it's down about 9% from our average rate for last year. And then the yen is the other one, which more significantly impacts our Wizards of the Coast business. But just for Europe, I look at exchange rates, just could have an impact for us. But on a constant currency basis, the business is doing very well.
Drew Crum: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We wanted to ask two real quick ones on Wizards and maybe this is for Chris and Deb together. Just thinking through the revenue sequencing, you mentioned Q2 is going to be the largest quarter. Q3 has a difficult compare. But help us think through just the cadence? And then the same question on the costs on the investment side. The margins – incremental margins have been a bit lower than we would have expected. So, I just wanted to think through the timing of some of the investments and when you expect to realize the benefits of those? Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So Q1, we expect it to be a good quarter for Wizards and it turned out to be a better-than-expected good quarter for Wizards, despite even moving a release in September. Q2, we expect to be the biggest quarter that we've ever had because last Q2 was our biggest quarter as well. So we think that will be comping favorably based on just the number and quality of releases that we have. Q3, we also expect to be a significant quarter. But just based on comping year-over-year and the types of formats that we have releasing, it likely will be flat to down. And then Q4, we expect another growth quarter for the business as well, again, just based on the nature of the formats and type of releases that we have.
Deb Thomas: And then with respect to the investments, as we look over the past, we've invested over $1 billion in the Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming business, and it's grown over 150%. We continue to make those long-term investments. We've talked about the investments being in talent. We have the opportunity, and we're very excited to have Cynthia on the call with us today. She's a great new talent, just one of many, that we've been able to bring to Wizards of the Coast, and we will continue to make those investments to drive that long-term profitable growth.
Steph Wissink: Okay. Deb, if I could, just for clarification as well, the guidance for Wizards does not include the D&D acquisition. Is that correct?
Deb Thomas: D&D Beyond acquisition is with -- that is within our guidance. As you recall, they were a good partner of ours before. So we did have licensing revenue from them. However, as we look to the future, we expect that to be an even greater benefit as we brought them into our group. And we have that great talent that came with the acquisition as well.
Chris Cocks: We expect the acquisition to close in mid- to late Q2. So our guidance would incorporate Q3 and Q4. And then a lot of the integration -- meaningful integration would be back half loaded or into 2023.
Steph Wissink: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. First, can you give us some insight on what you learned in your due diligence process of the D&D Beyond acquisition and how you might utilize that to penetrate a broader part of the total addressable market with Arena?
Chris Cocks: Well, when we looked at the D&D Beyond acquisition, we've been partnered with D&D Beyond since they were founded back in late 2017, 2018. They were -- we were the exclusive licensor and they were a digital distributor for us. So we had a lot of unique insight into the value of that platform, the growth of that platform and the nature of the user base on it. And so we've been in discussions with Fandom for many quarters in terms of bringing D&D Beyond into the Wizards family. And I think we had some great discussions. I think we had a really mutually compelling deal where both sides got a lot of value for the asset. And we see that asset only accelerating in value under Wizards’ ownership. Having our biggest digital content platform paired with the actual content creation team, there's a lot of potential synergies. There's a lot of international growth vectors we can do. There's a lot of new exclusive content we can do. We've talked a lot about universes beyond in MAGIC, which is this concept of thinking about MAGIC as a play system and bringing in outside brands or outside IP into that play system. We see potential for that with D&D as well, and we think D&D Beyond can be a primary hub for that. And then we see a lot of e-commerce and direct opportunities working in partnership with our Hasbro Pulse team to have physical digital tie-ins that are unique to the platform. So the combination of like those business upside opportunities and then really getting this great tight connection with the 10 million customers who play on that platform, which is the majority of customers who actively play D&D, it's a fantastic learning opportunity for us and, to your point, very similar to what we've seen with Arena, where we build this relationship with our customers. It's a great incremental business opportunity and a fantastic learning platform for us to understand how people are playing our games, what do they want to purchase and how can we make our products better. And I think that's been an important part of our segmentation approach for MAGIC over the last couple of years, and I think it's going to become an increasingly important part of our D&D segmentation and product development approach as well. And to cap all that off, in 2020 -- March of 2023, we're going to have a blockbuster film coming out with DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. We have a lot of streaming entertainment on tap that our eOne team is planning. We've got a big consumer products push for 2023. And then we'll add on top of that the 50th anniversary of DUNGEONS & DRAGONS in 2024, where that Entertainment, Consumer Products and gaming momentum will continue. So we see a lot of growth vectors and a lot of lifts for D&D with the D&D Beyond platform being central to that.
Jaime Katz: Okay. That's helpful. And then I'm sure you guys don't have any comment, but if there's anything you'd like to share about Alta Fox with us, I'd be curious to hear it? Thanks.
Debbie Hancock: No. We're here to comment on our earnings, and we're very focused on that. We will not be commenting on Alta Fox today.
Jaime Katz: Perfect. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Fred Wightman: Hey guys, good morning. Last quarter, you had talked about the expectation that the US industry growth rate would slow or potentially even decline. I'm wondering if you have any updated thoughts on the full year outlook?
Chris Cocks: Yeah. Our view on the market is there's a lot of factors at play. There's inflation that's pinching consumers' pocket books. There's continued supply chain headwinds, and there's a lot of geopolitical uncertainty in the marketplace right now. Regardless, though, of if the market goes up or is down or is flat, we believe in focus and scaled execution. Having great product innovation, coupling that with fantastic storytelling and just executing the heck out of that with our channel partners and our general licensing partners overall. And so we believe that we can grow in any market context, and that's what underlies our overall guidance for the year.
Fred Wightman: Okay. And then you gave us a little bit of detail just from an inventory sequencing perspective and how that's going to shake out for the balance of the year. But do you think that we could actually see some change in the revenue in cadence? Is that potentially getting pulled forward just based on conversations that you're having with retailers, or is it similar from a cadence perspective on a year-over-year basis?
Debbie Hancock: I think the cadence from selling into our retailers is very similar year-over-year. We did have, as Eric mentioned earlier, certainly, as we look at a direct import business, that's coming directly to our retailers, and it's really their order pattern. They've got a bit more on the water as well. As they think about that, they may be pulling in a bit earlier, but we expect the cadence to be very similar to last year. We want to make sure we have products in our own held inventory, so we don't end up having out-of-stock issues and at a very all-important holiday season and around all this great entertainment we have coming this year.
Fred Wightman: Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey, good morning. Getting over cold, so please bear with me. I want to talk about your partner portfolio. Chris, you mentioned that you're evaluating brand positioning. And the Disney Princess license and the Trolls license are going to your primary competitor. Just wondering if that's a strategic decision to concentrate on your own IP. Or did you bid on it and miss out? And how should we think about your commitment to other partner licenses?
Chris Cocks: Well, I don't think I'll comment on any specific license or any specific partner. But, in general, as we think about partners and we think about co-brands, we see that as a continued important part of our mix. Particularly as you think about our themes of games, multigenerational play in entertainment and direct-to-consumer as our big investment areas. Partner co-brands will be an increasingly important part of that mix. But dedicated partner lines, like our partner brands, as we call them today, will also continue to be important. And we'll be investing across the line on those. In particular, we see a lot of great opportunities to bring those brands into what we term as play systems. And those can be gaming play systems or they can be collectible play systems. I think our Nerf business and our Monopoly business have been particularly adept at that historically. I think the announcement starting lineup has a -- is a huge platform for fantastic sports partnerships across the world. I think our gaming portfolio, particularly MAGIC and D&D, offer a lot of fantastic co-branding relationships. And we'll continue to lean into how we do that on action figures and collectibles across our lineup with Hasbro Pulse being a real focus area for that. And so we think -- when we think about that kind of perspective, games, multigenerational play in direct, we see a lot of growth opportunities for partners in our mix. And, importantly, we see a superior operating profit margin associated with that as well.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, great. Thanks. And Deb, you mentioned price increases have already started. It might be early, but what are you seeing in terms of elasticity of demand from the consumer?
Deb Thomas: Well, it's early. They just started, and we don't have a lot of that POS data and as we spoke about now. But really, we're looking to take those price increases on the product, just to cover our cost. And we've been very thoughtful about what we increased. We continue to try to engineer a product if we can take -- if we can change a few things to give better value to the consumer at the lower price, we continue to do that. Right now, Gerrick, we're facing -- and I'm sure you've read about it, paper allocations and card stock allocations. So we're trying to acquire some of that ourselves, so we don't have an issue. But, as we look to it, we've been very, very thoughtful about taking price increases to not hurt the consumer and to not have elasticity issues with that in all of our product lines. It's not just the CP Group. It's also impacting our Wizards of the Coast business through MAGIC and D&D and Duel Masters as well.
Gerrick Johnson: Sure. All right. Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Feel better, Gerrick.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from the line of Alok Patel with Berenberg Capital Markets.
Alok Patel: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask about the 16% operating margin target. What's built into that target? Is the improvement being driven by price measures outweighing cost headwinds or a favorable shift in the sales mix?
Chris Cocks: Well, I think I'll open this up to everyone on the call, but I'll give you a general thematic. A lot of it is sales mix, the type of products that we're driving. And again, I'll go back to the themes of games, multigenerational play in entertainment and direct are things that we're definitely leaning into and we see superior operating profit margin outlook for. And then we also are evaluating our business, evaluating our structure, and evaluating where we're making investments. And we've seen some cost savings opportunities and reinvestment opportunities in higher margin businesses as a result of that. So, when you take those two factors into play, we -- it gives us confidence in raising our outlook for our adjusted operating profit margins for the year. In terms of pricing, pricing is ultimately up to the retailer at point of sale. And most of our pricing outlook really is to cover costs, both in terms of freight as well as the bill of materials.
Alok Patel: Got you. That makes sense. Just a quick becoming a more digitalized gaming-oriented company, how does that kind of alter the historically recessionary, resilient nature of Hasbro? I guess, bringing it another way, which is of the coast and entertainment, how resilient are those segments in an economic downturn compared to Consumer Products?
Chris Cocks: Well, Wizards of the Coast has grown for, I think, 12 out of the last 13 years. And that growth spurt started in 2008, 2009. So, we see games as pretty economically resilient. And generally speaking, we see the toy industry as being a proven economically resilient industry to economic headwinds.
Alok Patel: Got you. okay, that’s all I had. Thank you.
Chris Cocks: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call over to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Chris Cocks, Hasbro's Incoming Chief Executive Officer; Rich Stoddart, Hasbro's Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Chris, Rich and Deb providing commentary on the Company's performance then we will take your questions. Eric Nyman, Hasbro's Incoming President and Chief Operating Officer, will be joining us for Q&A. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Chris Cocks. Chris?
Chris Cocks: Thanks, Debbie, and welcome, everyone, joining today. I'm thrilled to be starting as Hasbro's CEO later this month and overwhelmed by the outpouring of well wishes from employees, partners and stakeholders since the announcement. The positive response is a testament to this amazing company and the wonderful people, brands and fan communities around the world that make it so special. Hasbro is unique in our ability to create cherished childhood memories that translate into lifelong favorites. Our brands stand toys that inspire wonder to collectibles that showcase fashion, board games that bring families together to gaming systems with thriving global fandoms and animation that delights children to feature films and video games that engage audiences of all ages. As CEO, I'll be working with our team focused on three long-term priorities. First and foremost is driving growth with the Brand Blueprint. At the heart of Hasbro is the Brand Blueprint. It enables us to expand the value of our brands and capabilities as we engage our fans across all aspects of play and entertainment from consumer products to games to streaming TV shows, executing through our owned and operated assets and the best partners in the industry. We've seen significant success with this strategy with brands as varied as PEPPA PIG; TRANSFORMERS; and most recently, MY LITTLE PONY. And I'm excited as we extended benefits to more brands from PLAY-DOH to MAGIC: THE GATHERING, to our upcoming blockbuster movie and AAA video games with DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. Our next focus area will be multigenerational fan engagement. Play isn't just our kids anymore. It's a lifeline pursuit. Gen Z's favorite brands are the ones they play with that surround them with engaging experiences, and millennials and Gen X aren't far off. We are creating omnimedia play and entertainment that spans age ranges, connect people together and is passed along generation to generation. Lastly, new growth opportunities, specifically games and direct. At $2.1 billion and 19% year-over-year growth, Hasbro is one of the biggest and fastest-growing games publishers in the world. Our investments in digital and direct-to-consumer give us an amazing opportunity to forge tighter relationships with our most valued customers to learn from them in real time via cutting-edge data analytics and to reinvent how we bring product to market and customize it for our most passionate fans. While the whole Blueprint generates immense value for Hasbro, look for us with particular focus on these fast-growing businesses as we take our portfolio to the next level. Underlying these priorities will be a laser focus on capital allocation, how we invest in the business, prioritize our brands and drive total shareholder return while paying down debt, maintaining an investment-grade rating and returning cash to shareholders. We'll be sharing more insights about how we will drive our Blueprint strategy, extend our fan engagements and grow our gaming and direct-to-consumer assets in the quarters to come, underpinned by a strong sense of purpose and commitment to our planet and people. In the meantime, my focus will be squarely on partnering with Deb, Darren, Cynthia and Eric on executing with excellence to deliver our growth plans as well as meeting with the stakeholders who help make Hasbro Hasbro. I want to end with a special thank you to Rich Stoddart. Rich came on board five months ago after the tragic loss of Brian Goldner, our beloved leader of nearly 15 years. Using uncommon care, a natural insight from this time serving on our Board and strong and steady leadership, he helped guide us to exceptional results. Rich, your insights and leadership will be amazing assets as the new Chair of our Board of Directors, and I'm looking forward to working with and learning from you as we grow Hasbro in the years to come.
Rich Stoddart: Thank you, Chris. The global Hasbro team finished the year strong, delivering full year results above our guidance, including 17% revenue growth, a 40 basis point improvement in adjusted operating profit margin, 23% growth to $1.3 billion in adjusted EBITDA and over $800 million in operating cash flow. Deb and I are very proud of the Hasbro team and all they accomplished in the past several months. Throughout the year, and especially in the fourth quarter, we successfully navigated supply chain challenges across the business, delivering another record year for Wizards of the Coast, growing consumer products revenue for the year and fourth quarter and achieving robust content deliveries above 2019 levels in our Entertainment business. The Brand Blueprint strategy is driving profitable growth across our diversified portfolio and Hasbro's unique set of strategic assets provide the foundation for maximizing the value of both our existing franchises and new IP. We have and are investing significant capital around the Blueprint, expanding and growing our powerful gaming portfolio, including in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, building deeper and more valuable brands, telling compelling stories to global audiences and in developing our talented teams. Our commitment to disciplined strategic investments over the long-term has built a differentiated business with diversified capabilities to drive profitable growth and enhance shareholder value. This is evident in our performance last year. First, gaming. With a portfolio of $2.1 billion that grew 19%, Hasbro's gaming portfolio is among the biggest, most profitable and fastest-growing combinations of gaming brands across face-to-face, tabletop and digital platforms in the world. It's led by MAGIC: THE GATHERING, and 2021 was MAGIC's best year ever. Over the past five years, we've invested close to $1 billion to drive 150% growth in high-margin revenue and position us for growth in the coming years across tabletop and digital gaming. These investments are meaningfully expanding our tabletop products and creating best-in-class digital game capabilities, while recruiting and retaining world-class talent. We are very excited to have Cynthia Williams joining us later this month from Microsoft as President of Wizards of the Coast in Digital Gaming to lead this team as Chris transitions to CEO of Hasbro. Chris orchestrated a tremendous period of growth and expansion for Wizards and has invested to position the business and team for continued success. The consistent growth of MAGIC is a testament to the long-term durability of our strategy, led by doubling down on collectability, expanding the MAGIC product suite to maximize relevance across consumer segments, and giving players exciting and compelling worlds to participate in. In digital, MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena's launch on mobile has been impressive, generating significant growth with continued high engagement from our players of around nine hours per week. The launch of mobile more than doubled our prelaunch monthly average users at its peak and has since settled into a sustained 50% increase in our average monthly active users, as mobile has become a key way for our fans to access their favorite strategy gain. We have only begun to unlock the value of the digital gaming potential of the Wizards brands and capabilities of the team. In 2021, digital gaming revenue, including the high-margin license digital gaming business, grew 36% and represented 26% of the segment. Tabletop gaming revenue represents the largest piece of the segment at 74% of the total and grew 44% for the year. We have significant plans to leverage the power of Wizards' brands across the Blueprint for both current fans and to expand our reach to new players and fans. This begins with MAGIC: THE GATHERING Netflix series coming later this year; and in 2023, the planned theatrical release of the DUNGEONS & DRAGONS feature film. Furthermore, these upcoming releases will harness the full potential of our Brand Blueprint. With a comprehensive sales and marketing plan across our organization, including special edition tabletop and card set releases, digital games, a robust Hasbro toy line and expansive licensed consumer products. Our many years of investment in these brands and in building assets to drive growth around the blueprint position us to leverage them in bigger and more powerful ways for years to come. Last year also marked the successful relaunch of another iconic Hasbro franchise brand. Led by the expertise of the eOne team, MY LITTLE PONY and New Generation drove the MY LITTLE PONY brand through the animated feature film that was number one in the Netflix Kid's top 10 in more than 80 countries on opening weekend, driving high viewership and audience engagement. The film fueled greater-than-100% growth in toy and game point of sale in the fourth quarter versus last year and double-digit growth in licensed consumer products for the year. With a significant multiyear content road map led by eOne and a deep and innovative merchandise program, we believe MY LITTLE PONY is positioned to reclaim its place as a leading global lifestyle brand through expansive blueprint activation. PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS are further examples of valuable brands for which the combination of Hasbro and eOne is accelerating the growth and opportunity. In August, we launched the first Hasbro toys and games for these leading preschool brands. We had a very strong first few quarters in the market and have gained share in preschool toys. PEPPA PIG was one of our top brand growers last year. And as we shifted licensed revenue to in-sourced revenue in toys and games, the team was still able to grow licensed consumer products revenue double digits, highlighting the powerful reach of PEPPA PIG across categories. In recognition of the relevance and success of the brand, combined with the opportunity ahead, we have elevated PEPPA PIG to a franchise brand, and we'll begin reporting this with our first quarter earnings. It is a clear indication of the potential value of this brand we acquired with eOne. As we think about powerful brands, our Partner Brand portfolio is activating some of the most valuable entertainment brands in the industry. We grew Partner Brand revenue 8% last year with significant growth in Hasbro products for the Marvel portfolio, led by the Spider-Man franchise, including products in support of the feature film, Spider-Man: No Way Home and the animated new show Spidey and His Amazing Friends. We also grew revenue for Hasbro's line of Star Wars products, despite a strong fourth quarter last year with season two of the Mandalorian. We recently announced an extension of our Star Wars license and are excited to have added the Indiana Jones franchise with product in the market next year, supporting the theatrical release. Hasbro is proud to maintain a strong connection with the Walt Disney Company, the creator of some of the most celebrated and everlasting entertainment franchises and looks forward to continuing its storage relationship with new product lines for Star Wars, Indiana Jones and Marvel, including Marvel's Avengers and Marvel's Spider-Man in the future. In addition, we have exciting initiatives with new and expanding partners as diverse as Fortnite to roadblocks, and we see a bright future for our Partner Brand portfolio with higher profit growth in the mid- to long term. Finally, while I've highlighted several entertainment successes that are driving brands today and in the future, the Entertainment segment had a very successful year, delivering revenues above 2019 levels when adjusted for the music business, which we divested during 2021, with amazing shows like Yellowjackets, Cruel Summer, Gray Maile and The and the return of film deliveries, including Clifford the Big Red Dog and Finch, the eOne team delivered compelling content across platforms. Importantly, eOne has been focused on developing a strong pipeline of content or Hasbro brands, and we've seen an incredible response from the market. In 2021, we started to see that pipeline converted into green lights, production and releases to be activated across the Brand Blueprint. In closing, it has been a true honor to work with the Hasbro team as interim CEO over these past several months. The entire Hasbro family has my deep gratitude for their tremendous focus on delivering at a high level. I especially want to thank Deb Thomas for her strong and steady leadership during such an important time. This year's results position Hasbro for continued growth and to continue driving shareholder value. With consumers, brands and storytelling at the center and purpose at our core, we have made and are making significant investments across the business and in our people to drive capabilities, insights and innovation to support our long-term growth. I am excited to see Chris and Eric take on their new roles later this month and confident that Hasbro will thrive under their leadership. I'll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Good morning, everyone. As Rich said, we're incredibly proud of the performance by the Hasbro team over the past several months to turn in an outstanding year. This includes full year double-digit growth in revenue, operating profit, earnings and adjusted EBITDA. We grew revenue across segments, brand portfolio and geographies. Wizards in digital gaming had its best year ever, doubling the size of the Wizards business two years earlier than anticipated. We furthered the integration of eOne, launching new increasingly Hasbro brand-led content campaigns as well as Hasbro's line for PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS. We remain on track to achieve the $130 million run rate of cost and in-sourcing synergies by the end of this year. We strengthened our balance sheet, paying down over $1 billion in debt, ending the year with over $1 billion in cash. And after reducing our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA last year by 1.7x to 3.1x, we are on track to hit our target of 2x to 2.5x by year-end 2023. And we invested across Hasbro to profitably grow for the long term while returning cash to shareholders, including a 3% increase in the quarterly dividend announced today and effective with our next dividend payment in May. Our 2021 results and current year outlook support our view to growth and value creation over the coming years. For the year, revenue grew 17% year-over-year and 8% versus pro forma 2019. MAGIC: THE GATHERING, NERF, PEPPA PIG, MY LITTLE PONY, TRANSFORMERS and Hasbro products for the Marvel portfolio led the year-over-year growth, along with the return of Entertainment production and deliveries, notably in TV, streaming and animation. The Wizards of the Coast in digital gaming segment had a phenomenal year, growing revenue, 42%; operating profit, 30%; ending the year with an operating profit margin of 42.5%, and adjusted EBITDA was higher by 36%. We have success in both tabletop and digital gaming, led by MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. We have significantly invested to drive these brands for current and future growth. Consumer Products segment revenues grew 9% year-over-year. Robust demand for Hasbro products, strategic pricing actions and significantly improved execution in markets like Latin America and Asia drove a 170 basis point operating margin expansion, more than offsetting the higher freight and input costs as well as supply chain challenges incurred during the year. Adjusted EBITDA grew 18%. The team managed supply and delivered strong revenue growth, but our product in stock levels were lower than target. Part of this was due to demand above our plan, in part due to continuing supply chain disruption. To help us maintain Consumer Products segment operating profit margins at or above 2021 levels, we have price increases scheduled to take effect in the second quarter to offset the anticipated continuation of supply chain challenges and resulting higher input and freight costs. Entertainment segment revenue increased 27% for the year, exceeding 2019 pro forma levels of revenue when adjusted for the sale of the music business. Adjusted operating profit grew 13%, and adjusted EBITDA increased 76% for the full year 2021. Adjusted operating profit increased due to higher revenue and lower administrative costs, partially offset by higher program cost amortization associated with more deliveries, the mix of content and higher overall costs related to COVID. Overall, adjusted operating profit grew 20% and operating profit margin expanded on a favorable mix of revenues, strategic pricing, which partially offset higher costs at the same time, investing in product innovation and advertising behind brands and entertainment. On a reported basis, other income expense net included a $54 million pretax non-cash, non-operating charge associated with our investment in the Discovery Family Channel. The pandemic has accelerated changes in the cable distribution industry, and networks have seen a decline in linear subscribers. During the over 10-year life of our investment, we've recorded more than $1.1 billion of merchandise revenue related to Hasbro programming on the channel, averaging more than $100 million per year. Since reducing our ownership from 50% to 40% in 2014, we've recorded approximately $130 million of non-operating investment income or an $18.5 million annual average. This investment has delivered a strong return for Hasbro. Turning to tax. The full year underlying tax rate, absent non-GAAP charges and discrete items, was 21.3%. The lower adjusted rate of 15.8% was the result of favorable discrete items from audit settlements, synergies from the integration of eOne and tax planning. For 2022, our underlying rate, absent non-GAAP charges and discrete items, is expected to decline to approximately 20.5%, with an adjusted rate expected in the 18% to 20% range as we do not predict the same level of favorable discrete items we had in 2021. As I said to start, our balance sheet is strong. Accounts receivable increased 8% versus 17% revenue growth as collections remain strong. After declining 17 days last year, DSO declined another 6 days to 68 days with improvement across Hasbro, led by our Entertainment business and international commercial markets. The inventory we had at year-end is of very high quality. Our aged inventory is well below historical levels, but the levels we have on hand and at retail are higher than last year. For both owned and retail inventory, this reflects a significant increase in the amount of inventory in transit as lead times from China have increased about 3x on average. Hasbro owned inventory also reflects higher fleet and product costs. These higher capitalized costs are expected to have a negative impact on gross margin in the first quarter prior to price increases taking effect. For 2021, we reported an adjusted EPS of $5.23 per share. As you think about 2022 EPS, I want to walk through several items. First, as a reminder, in the first quarter of 2021, we realized a non-operating gain of $25.6 million from a legal settlement. This translated to $0.18 per share in Q1 2021, and this will not have a comp in the current year. Second, we sold the eOne music business in Q3 of last year. This represented $65.2 million in revenue and $16.9 million in adjusted operating profit during the first half of 2021, which would equate to approximately $0.08 per share on the full year. Finally, following Brian's passing, there was an accelerated contractual vesting of certain equity awards in the fourth quarter. Diluted share count is expected to increase from 138.4 million for the full year 2021 to approximately 141 million for full year 2022 on a weighted average basis. As we look ahead, we're investing today to build bigger, more powerful brands around the Brand Blueprint. These investments are in innovation, in capabilities, in storytelling and in our people. Coming off a year of and operating profit growth, for 2022, we expect revenue and adjusted operating profit to grow in the low single digits and deliver operating profit margin expansion as well as operating cash flow in the range of $700 million to $800 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in line with the $1.3 billion achieved in 2021. Looking at our segments in 2022, we expect the Wizards in digital gaming segment to grow in the mid-single digits. We continue to invest to grow this high-return business over the near and the long term. Over the medium term, as we expect to see acceleration beginning in 2023, we're targeting compound annual revenue growth in the high single to low double digits and operating margins to remain above 40%. The toy and game industry has grown at an above-trend growth rate the past two years, and we expect that to slow or decline in the coming year, but we are well positioned with new initiatives and great content. We believe we can continue to grow the Consumer Products segment through innovative brand campaigns, including a full year of PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS, continued growth in MY LITTLE PONY as we accelerate around the blueprint through a strategic and well-placed content road map from eOne supporting merchandise plans and new entertainment for key partner brands like Marvel and Star Wars. While our rights expire for Disney Princess and Frozen at the end of 2022, we are very excited about our continuing relationships with Disney for Marvel, Star Wars and Indiana Jones and the product offerings around these brands. The Disney Princess and Frozen business has averaged approximately $250 million in revenue per year for Hasbro, peaking in 2019 with the last Frozen film. We expect to grow our Consumer Products segment revenue in the low single digits in 2022 as we execute the rich and valuable portfolio of Hasbro and Partner Brands and increasing to a mid-single-digit growth rate over the medium term, including greater operating profit margin expansion in 2023 and beyond. In the Entertainment segment, with high demand for content as well as theatrical improving, the entertainment industry is expected to continue growing. Combined with our robust entertainment slate, we anticipate 2022 growth in the Entertainment segment in the mid-single digits, absent the music business, which was sold in 2021. As we activate more Hasbro-branded content, we expect revenue to grow in the high single to low double digits over the medium term with higher growth in operating profit and adjusted EBITDA to drive margin expansion. Our cash spend on content for this year is expected in the range of $725 million to $825 million to support content development and deliveries over a multiyear period. Notably, we're planning significant initiatives executed across the Brand Blueprint in Consumer Products, gaming and Entertainment, including feature films for Transformers: Rise of the Beast and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS that are expected to accelerate revenue and operating profit growth in 2023. For the medium term through 2024, we expect revenue growth in the mid-single digits on a compounding annual basis. Each segment has strength on its own. But as we have seen over that is part of our Brand Blueprint strategy delivers greater value. Importantly, we expect the financial benefits of our combined capabilities to grow over time. By year-end 2023, operating profit margin is expected to exceed 16% and operating cash flow should reach approximately $1 billion. In closing, long-term investments in our brands and capabilities have built a differentiated business with diversified capabilities to drive long-term profitable growth and enhance shareholder value. These investments have benefited not only 2021, but are designed to benefit years to come. After delivering a high-quality year, we're positioned for further growth in 2022 and on track for greater revenue growth and greater operating profit expansion in 2023 and beyond, as we leverage our investments and building brands and capabilities across the Brand Blueprint to drive profitable growth for the long term under a strong leadership team.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Chris, I have a question for you, and then, Deb, one clarification. Chris, my question is really regarding your number three initiative from your prepared remarks, the gaming and DTC strategy. I'm hoping you can connect those to some of the growth targets that Deb just laid out. I think she mentioned for Wizards and gaming, the expectation was high single to low double-digit growth. So maybe help us think through the DTC component of that? And just remind us how much of the business is DTC today, if any at all?
Chris Cocks: Well, so on games, when we look at 2023 and beyond, we look at continued growth in our tabletop business, consistent with our historical norms, and we look at a robust slate of new digital games that will be coming to market, both as we've talked in the past, Steph, digital tabletop, which is kind of an extension of our core games as well as extensions into more traditional video game categories like role-playing games, action adventure and strategy. And so, we'll be sharing more details about that over the next several quarters, and we expect some significant growth from those initiatives as we've been putting in significant investment in them. On direct-to-consumer, we have a variety of direct-to-consumer initiatives across the Company. Wizards of the Coast and digital games drive several of those. We would consider Arena to be an example of a direct-to-consumer business because we run that service and primarily adjudicate payments through our own proprietary means. We also have our secret layer business, which has grown significantly over the last several years for MAGIC. And then I'm going to turn, I think, the second half of the question over to Eric Nyman, who can talk a little bit more about what we've been doing on the Consumer Product side with Hasbro Pulse, which has also had tremendous growth. Eric?
Eric Nyman: Thanks, Chris. So Steph, I think you know our Hasbro Pulse business, we don't disclose that amount for the pulse, but we have seen great growth. We did double it again in 2021. We have some incredible new announcements coming in 2022, and we look forward to sharing those with you in the upcoming months.
Steph Wissink: Great. Very helpful. And then, Deb, I wanted to just go back to your comments on comparability in the quarters in 2022, recognizing you have some onetime items that won't repeat. But also, can you help us just think through maybe in semesters, if you'd like, versus quarters, how to think about the first half versus the second half? I know June was an unusual comparison with a few things in that quarter specifically. So just help us think through maybe the sequencing of this year for our models. Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So absolutely. Let me just start with the Entertainment business. As you know, Entertainment is so dependent on when deliveries take place, right? So I would think a little bit about that similar to the cadence of 2021 from an Entertainment standpoint. As you mentioned, June was a big quarter. The second quarter was a very big quarter for us in Wizards of the Coast in digital gaming and also, we have some exciting initiatives in consumer products as well. So as I think about the year, I think the most difficult comps for us this year from a cost standpoint are really in the first quarter. We've got high capitalized freight and input costs. And as we mentioned, our price increases don't take effect to cover some of that until the second quarter. So if you think about cost pressure standpoint, it's really the first quarter. And from a comp standpoint, given the success of MAGIC: THE GATHERING and the releases that we have planned this year, really the third quarter is going to be a bit tougher as well. We had some digital that launched and went into that third quarter and an extra release. We have the same number of table top releases this year. We just don’t have the extra digital release that we had in 2021. So, as I think about comps, the first quarter and the third quarter are a little bit tougher comps than the rest of the year.
Steph Wissink: Very helpful. Thank you. Congrats on a good quarter.
Chris Cocks: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good morning, and thanks for the question. Deb, I wonder if you could dig in maybe a little bit on the entertainment side of the business again. As we think about where the growth is coming from in the business in 2022, can you maybe give us a little breakdown of live-action TV versus movies versus animated programming? Where are going to be sort of like the puts and takes for those segments? And how much of the business is coming from frontline versus catalog?
Deb Thomas: Sure, Eric. As we kind of look out over the business, we had a great year of deliveries, and we saw theatrical start to come back in 2021, still wasn't anywhere near the levels of pre-pandemic, but it's starting to come back. So as we think about deliveries moving into 2022, we do have a few movies that are scheduled to be delivered. We have a couple in the early part of the year from eOne and one in the later part of the year. It's still in production right now. And we think as we move into 2023, obviously, that will be a bigger year as we did production on DUNGEONS & DRAGONS with our partners at Paramount and Transformers: rise of the Beast. So those will be out in 2023 as long as movies from our -- as well as moves from our partner at Disney and the Marvel starting into the Galaxy and Indiana Jones and a new Star Wars movie So very excited about moving into 2023, and then our partners at Disney later in 2022 with Dr. Strange; Thor; Spider-Man; and of course, we're all excited for a Black Panther: Wakanda Forever coming in the fall. So as we think about our Entertainment business, we have that, but we continue to distribute live-action content. We have many unscripted and scripted television or streaming coming out throughout the year. So much of that is dependent on deliveries, which is why I said earlier, if we kind of think about the delivery and the cadence being similar to 2021, just from a delivery standpoint, that will continue to come out as we go through. And from an animated standpoint, we have MAGIC: THE GATHERING coming in the fall. We're very excited about that as well. And we have more deliveries from -- for PEPPA and PJ. But just as a reminder, in the third quarter of last year, we had the MY LITTLE PONY movie. So while we have a robust content road map coming from MY LITTLE PONY go forward, that delivery in the third quarter is probably will have a bit of a blip on the animation side, which is, again, why I think the third quarter is probably the one that has probably the toughest comp as I think about the year ahead of us. From a library standpoint, while we did have some sales of library, in particular, we've done -- just done a deal in the Nordic countries to distribute some library content. The vast majority was from new series delivery of our revenue as we think about the past year.
Eric Handler: Okay. Thank you. And just as a follow-up, as we think about the Hasbro Gaming segment, and that's stripping out MAGIC and whatever else is, and MONOPOLY, which go into franchise brands, you've had excellent growth over the last two years. Is that a segment that probably we'll see challenging comparisons for 2022?
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I think -- thanks for the question, Eric. So look, the gaming portfolio is extraordinarily strong and has been a real leader. As we pointed out, we would point you to the $2.1 billion at 19% growth. And we've got some powerful brands in there. Clearly, gaming has had some robust demand as we were in a COVID environment. And so very tough comps, and yet we're still growing that business, and we see upside for the business going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: And Chris, congrats on the new role. We look forward to working with you. I was wondering if you could talk about current POS trends for the industry in Hasbro. And what is sort of general retail inventory situation? I know you alluded to perhaps better retail inventory versus on hand. But just a bit of more detail would be helpful. And then I have a quick follow-up on gaming.
Chris Cocks: Maybe Arpine, I will have Deb take the inventory question first.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So just from an inventory standpoint, as we mentioned, both our inventory, our owned inventory and retail inventory was up a bit at the end of the year. And that's really input and freight costs that are capitalized in that inventory. Now the good part is what's in transit is our new spring releases for MAGIC and for our Consumer Products business. So, it's an excellent quality and it is being slightly impacted though by those higher input costs as we think about inventory.
Rich Stoddart: And then our opinion as it relates to POS, so we did include a summary of POS in the presentation. So please take a look at that. But North America was up low single digits for Q4 and full year. And double-digit growth, maybe back to Eric's point on games, double-digit growth for games in Q4. International declined. And clearly, low in-stock levels, was a driver and a headwind for POS the portfolio. I may ask Eric to just anything you want to add on POS?
Eric Nyman: Yes, I'll just include maybe some highlights. Thanks, Rich. Arpine, if you think about some of the good stories we had in 2021, some highlights include things like MY LITTLE PONY, which grew more than 100% in Q4 following the movie release that Deb and Rich both mentioned, grew double digits for the full year. Our TRANSFORMERS' POS was up in Q4, which contributed to double-digit POS growth for the year. Deb mentioned Marvel and how that strong partnership. Marvel POS, led by Spider-Man, was up high teens for the year. And we had things like Ghostbusters and GI Joe, both which were propelled by theatrical launches, which were up more than 100% for the year. In addition, we had growth in brands like PLAY-DOH and For Real Friends and Play School, which increased. And we also talked about the POS growth for PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS, which we started shipping in the second half of the year and really started seeing POS in the fourth quarter.
Arpine Kocharyan: Great. Great. I was hoping you could add some color on current POS trends. But just quickly, my gaming question. What is implied for the gaming business operating margin for 2022? Because clearly, for the full year, for 2021, that business came in substantially above the 39% guidance you had initially given. Where do you think those margins could get to for 2022?
Deb Thomas: Sure. So absolutely, Arpine, as we launch games, we did see the higher depreciation we expected. As we talked about, we continue investing for that long-term growth. So our higher admin cost reflects hiring people to do that. And we did have that. That being said, our gaming portfolio -- overall, our gaming -- Hasbro gaming has high teens, low-20s margins. And when you look at our total gaming portfolio is in the low-30s operating profit margin. So as we grow that category -- and that's why it's important that we said today, despite the fact that we're growing, our gaming portfolio overall is continued to expect to have operating profit margins in the low 30s as we go forward. And our Wizards of the Coast and digital gaming segment is expected to not only grow revenue and, as Chris mentioned earlier, at a greater pace in '23 and beyond as some of the games that we've been investing in come to market, but we expect that segment to maintain operating profit margins over 40%.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Deb, can you remind us what the plans are for debt reduction in '22 and '23? Will you be paying down debt this year? Or is the -- your aspiration to get to the 2x to 2.5x leverage multiple in '23 just a function of improved adjusted EBITDA? And then separately, you mentioned the non-cash charge taken related to the Discovery Family Channel during the quarter. Given the changes, across the cable industry that, were referenced, can you comment on your commitment to this business? And does it make sense to maintain the 40% stake going forward?
Deb Thomas: Thanks Drew. Well, first, the debt-to-EBITDA question, yes, we intend to pay down debt this year. We expect to hit our targets of 2x to 2.5x through a combination of EBITDA growth as well as debt repayment. That being said, we maintain our capital allocation strategy. First and foremost, we invest in the business. We've talked about how some of those investments, particularly in our gaming portfolio, have delivered growth of 150% and above in revenue. We continue to plan to make those long-term investments in the business around the Blueprint to drive that profitable revenue growth going forward. That being said, right now, those targets are the right targets for us. We think, given our current projections, we'll hit them in 2023. And that's -- so that's how we look at it. But it is a combination of debt paydown -- additional debt paydowns as well as EBITDA growth. With respect to the investment in Discovery Family Channel, listen, it was a great investment for us. We made it over 10 years ago. It allowed get our programming on the air. It really drove the beginning of the Brand Blueprint strategy. And you think about MY LITTLE PONY coming back in again, well, we've reinvented it now. It had a great run for a long time. It's been a terrific investment for us. It's driven over $1 billion in revenue for the Company. It's returned a significant amount. Listen, there's just changes happening in the cable industry. I think as we look around us, we see it too, more people moving to streaming, more people moving on to different things. That being said, discovery runs a great network, and all of their network is terrific. And it's been a great investment for Hasbro as we continue evaluating what we're going to do with it. We'll continue looking at what's happening. But it's been a fantastic investment for us over time. It's had a really great return. And just because of the way the accounting function works, we had a non-cash non-op charge in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: I don't think there was any information on how you guys are thinking about capital spending this year in the deck. But can you give us an update on that? And on what you see as a working capital demand changes that we might see this year?
Deb Thomas: Sure, absolutely. Jamie, from a CapEx standpoint, just straight CapEx, our expectation is it would be about $150 million to $180 million in 2022. And that changed from a year ago. If you recall, it's usually -- the majority is spent on tooling, but our increase is really due to digital game development as we sit and look forward, and that's driven us a bit higher over time. But that's really where the increase is coming from in our CapEx estimates for 2022. From a programming standpoint, I think we mentioned we expect $725 million to $825 million in content spend, up a tick from 2021, but that's a multiyear content spend. So as we look out past '22, we have a lot of new animated programming coming including new brands. So when you think about that, it's a multiyear spend that we're seeing in this year. So hopefully, that helps.
Jaime Katz: Okay. It did. And then I think originally, the 2023 outlook was for above 15.7% for operating margin, and that's been lifted a little bit. Is that primarily due to just the mix of the portfolio and where the returns are coming from? Or is there something else we should be thinking about?
Deb Thomas: No, absolutely. And that's a great question. Yes, we have been saying that we saw nothing holding us back from getting to over 16% operating profit margins. And we see that in 2023 and beyond. When we look at the mix of what we expect to have in our product line, we expect a greater mix of franchise brands, a mix of I talked a bit about the movies coming out in 2023, like Indiana Jones and TRANSFORMERS and Guardians and new Star Wars and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. When we think about that and the growth we expect in our gaming portfolio, we expect to see operating profit margins based on that mix of greater than 16%.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about Wizards of the Coast in the quarter. You gave us some good detail on the year, but discuss the operating margin decline to 30% or so, and if gaming -- if digital gaming grew in the quarter year-over-year?
Deb Thomas: Sure. So as we think about margins, operating margins in the quarter, we did have depreciation. Not every quarter is the same, right? So we had some digital depreciation in the quarter. And that's really kind of what you're seeing from a quarter-on-quarter. I think said, it's still a very healthy and high operating profit margin within the quarter. And Chris, do you want to talk about...
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I think within the quarter, it was just the quirks of when we depreciate when we capitalize and then also some advertising expenses related to an incremental release that we had Crimson Vale during the quarter as well as continuous support of Arena and scaling Arena mobile. The growth of the business has been very strong, exceeding our expectations. We continue to have a very positive outlook on it, both on the table top side and long term on the digital side for 2022 and beyond.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Was the depreciation quarter, was that related to Magic: Legends?
Chris Cocks: Magic: Legends was a license game done by Perfect World. So we weren't a part of that. We took royalties from that and a minimum guarantee but didn't invest anything in development or marketing.
Deb Thomas: The depreciation was really just related to our games. The only other thing I would point out is people don't think about that -- think about this very often, but our Wizards of the Coast business, and not so much the digital side, but the tabletop side was also impacted by the freight and input cost issues that we saw in the Consumer Products business. So that card business from a manufacturing standpoint, if we look at components, the highest growth of components of our overall inventory this year within paperboard and print, right? And we think about the printing of the cards and the freight in for the cards as well. So that was the other thing that impacted us in the quarter. And we do expect to have a bit of an impact in the first quarter as well.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Great. Can I ask about taxes real quick? Your tax rate seemed a little bit low in the quarter. I mean your op income hit my number, but your EPS blew the away. So what did I get wrong in taxes? And did you have a benefit in the quarter on taxes?
Deb Thomas: We had -- we did have some adjustments on discrete items for the quarter. I mean, typically, we do file our tax returns as most companies do in that October time frame. So to the extent we have discrete return to provision items, we tend to see those in the quarter. As we are going through the integration of we probably had higher impact from that in 2021 than we would expect going forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Fred Whiteman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Fred Wightman: I was hoping you could just give a quick overview on how you see the new management structure going forward. You guys did not have a COO after John's retirement and would love to sort of get the latest thinking on delegation of responsibilities and sort of where you see the relative strengths across the management team today.
Rich Stoddart: Yes, sure. So I feel very fortunate in the management team that I'm both inheriting and that we're bringing on board. In terms of our business unit leaders, Darren Throop will continue to lead entertainment in I think we have a fantastic new hire with Cynthia Williams coming on board at Wizards of the Fields. And she will be augmented by Tim Fields. Cynthia has a great digital and direct experience from Amazon, where she helped to found the Fulfilled by Amazon business and then most recently, on the Xbox team working along on a lot of their cloud services. Tim was the CEO of Kabam, one of the most successful mobile game developers in North America and I think brings a lot of great production experience as we scale our digital investments. And then, of course, we have Eric, who, in addition to being COO, will continue to run our Consumer Products team. Eric has been doing a fantastic job driving that business, growing our relationships with partners and thinking about the future of where that goes. In his expanded remit, he'll be taking on more and more strategic opportunities and operational opportunities across the Company, including running all of our global sales and marketing. And then in addition to that, we have Deb who continues as, I think, one of the best CFOs in the business, helping to think about strategic planning, helping us think about finance and accounting and then, of course, our Investor Relations. We have Tarrant Sibley, who will continue as our Head of Legal Affairs. We have Kathrin Belliveau, who is our Chief Purpose Officer and will run a lot of our CSR and ESG initiatives. And then we have joining us from Dell, Naj Atkinson, who will be our new Chief People Officer, helping us drive and scale this organization and grow the talent that we have within it.
Fred Wightman: Super helpful. And Deb, just a clarification, I think you guys said you were on track for the $130 million of eOne synergies. I think previously, you were expecting $70 million of incremental savings in '22. Is that still a good assumption? Or did the timing of those benefits sort of shift?
Deb Thomas: No, Fred, that is a good assumption still. I mean we're and we're still on track for the in-sourcing. We had a little bit of a challenging supply chain like everything else with our in-sourcing for PEPPA and PJ. And we've continued to work with some of our really terrific license partners actually, our consumer product license partners, as we move forward and deal with some of the supply chain challenges. But we are on track for the $130 million in the additional amount in 2022.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Ng: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about some of the puts and takes in the Wizards business over the next couple of years. Specifically, what are some of the key things creating tough comps for 2021? Is it some of the digital deliveries? I think there was a DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game. And then I think it's Dark Alliance. And are you guys on track to deliver a new D&D game over -- each year over the next couple of years?
Rich Stoddart: Yes. Mike, I'll take this one. So on the tabletop side of the business, we predict more historical norm growth after an extraordinary 2021. A big part of -- a big function of that is last year, we had six of what we call premier releases, which are our large MAGIC set releases versus five historically. This year, we'll also have six, but you're comping those two. So it's more about base underlying growth in the business and the user base. On the digital side of the house, last year, we had Dark Alliance, which shipped at the end of Q2, beginning of Q1 -- sorry, beginning of Q3. And then so, we won't be comping that this year. And then we also had MAGIC: THE GATHERING online, which is our older -- or our original trading -- digital trading card game that we've converted to a license model as opposed to an owned and operating bottle, and that will be operated by our partners at Daybreak Studios. So, those two could create some headwinds that arena and continued growth in our digital RPG business, will continue to work against. Longer term, we expect to have a new release, at least one every year starting in 2023 through the foreseeable future. Our 2023 release will likely be in the back half of the year, and then we'll be sharing more details on what those future releases are likely in the second half of 2022.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Megan Alexander with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Megan Alexander: I was hoping you just talk more about the puts and takes on the operating margin for the full year. You spoke to some gross margin pressure in 1Q before the pricing actions go into effect. But do you ultimately think you can recoup the freight pressure as we get kind of to the back half of the year, especially as you lap some of the unusual air freight expenses?
Deb Thomas: Yes, absolutely. As we said, we expect operating profit margin expansion in 2022, just not reaching our full goal of in excess of 16% by 2023. We do expect to continue challenges with freight costs and input costs for the better part of this year. We do have the pricing coming into play, but it still remains a challenging environment, we think, in 2022. So as we think about that, the first quarter is difficult, but just because the price increases come into play in the second quarter and beyond. And we're very excited about the new launches and all the innovation that we have coming out throughout the year, but in particular, around the holiday season.
Megan Alexander: Great. That's really helpful. And then just as a follow-up, could you maybe talk a little bit about what you've seen in POS trends do lap the stimulus payments in January? And maybe how does that inform your expectations as we lap the double stimulus payments coming up in March and April?
Deb Thomas: Sure, absolutely. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks earlier, the toy and game industry has had incredible growth the past couple of years, really above trend. And when you look at things like stimulus payments going away, inflation, right? I always like to say around the table, guys, look, how much milk costs today versus how much it costs a year ago, I think everyone is seeing inflation. That's why we expect the industry to be more muted this year, maybe even down. I mean we have a lot of innovation and a lot of new things coming with a lot of great entertainment coming this year, which we believe is going to drive a lot of our demand, and that's why we think our business can grow. But we do expect to see a bit more muting in the toy and game industry in 2022 just because of all these things that aren't hitting global inflation and stimulus payments, as you mentioned it, in other parts. That being said, we expect the entertainment industry to grow this year, as theater is coming back online and people are going back out and content demand continues to be at an all-time high as well as digital gaming and gaming industry overall, we expect to continue to grow. So that's the benefit of all of the parts of our business working together around our blueprint. And that's what we think gives us a distinct advantage in this type of market.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Linda Bolton Weiser with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Bolton Weiser: I was just thinking about the Consumer Products business more longer term. And I guess we don't have your segments going -- your profitability going back to 2016, but that's when your overall company margin kind of peaked at 16.4% operating margin. How does the consumer products margin kind of very roughly compare back then to what it is today? So I guess it's around 10% operating margin today. Was it much higher back then, moderately higher? Just trying to think of what the profitability potential of consumer products is longer term beyond where we are today.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, we expect our Consumer Products business operating profit margin to continue expanding. I think in 2022, we've talked a lot about the cost pressures that hit that business. And we've talked about in 2023 and beyond, we expect our operating profit margin as a company as a whole to expand above 16%. We expect a bit faster expansion in Consumer Products operating profit margin in 2023 and beyond. So while I can't go back to 2016, because our business had many facets to it at the time, and it's our business as a whole, we do expect that our business will continue to grow. As a company we'll be in excess of 16% operating profit margin similar to those levels in 2023, and our Consumer Products operating profit margin will expand over time.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Alok Patel with Berenberg. Please proceed with your question.
Alok Patel: I wanted to ask about the Disney Princess license. I think I heard Deb said that at the peak, it was contributing about $250 million in revenue. Can you comment on, how much of the revenue contribution is coming from Star Wars and the Marvel portfolio?
Deb Thomas: So we did say that, over the term of the Disney Princess and Frozen license, it's averaged about $250 million per year of revenue. And the peak was in 2019 with the Frozen movie. So if you just think about that on a revenue standpoint, we continue to remain very excited about our partnership with the Disney Company and continuing with Marvel and Star Wars. And we're all very excited for Indiana Jones. We had a license for Indiana Jones many years ago. And I've had the opportunity to look at some of the products we're bringing out, and it's just fantastic. So we're very excited about our partnership continuing with the Disney Company. We have not specifically talked about profitability in those lines in total. But I will say, we've said in the past, our Partner Brand portfolio in total in the past has had mid-single-digit operating profit margins. But our expectation, as we move beyond 2023, is that would grow to high single, low double-digit operating profit margins in 2023 and beyond.
Alok Patel: Okay. So just as a follow-up, would you say that the Disney Princess license compares favorably to Star Wars or the Marvel one? I just kind of want to get an understanding of how this changes things just how to compare -- for comparative purposes.
Deb Thomas: Each license is different. And depending on what goes into content creation within those brands, each license has a different margin profile as you look at it. So what I would say is in 2023 and beyond, we expect our Partner Brand operating profit margins to expand to high single, low double digits, more in line with some of the other parts of the portfolios of our business.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the floor back over to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. And management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Hasbro Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Rich Stoddart, Hasbro's Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Rich and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our Investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Our discussion will be based on adjusted results, which exclude several items associated with the eOne acquisition outlined in our release today. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Rich Stoddart. Rich?
Rich Stoddart: Thank you, Debbie and welcome to everyone joining us today. I'm Rich Stoddart, Interim CEO at Hasbro. Before we officially begin the remarks on the call today, I want to take a moment to reflect on the passing of our beloved leader and friend, Brian Goldner. I know many of you share in our sadness for his untimely passing. Brian was not only an accomplished CEO, he was a true visionary who transformed an almost 100-year-old toy and game company into a leading global play and entertainment company, but his impact can be felt well beyond Hasbro. He changed the game completely. He believed in the power of a story, seeing the potential for omnichannel storytelling and content built on powerful brands. He architected a compelling road map for Hasbro's growth in the Brand Blueprint strategy, and was so proud of where it has taken Hasbro, but even more so in its power and future potential now with eOne as an integrated part of the family. I had the privilege to work together with Brian and the Hasbro team for the last seven years, and serve on the company Board, most recently as Lead Independent Director. During that time, the company transformed its talent, its culture, its brands, and its potential as it executed the Brand Blueprint. In my new role as interim CEO, I will continue to work with a talented leadership team Brian put in place over the last 13 years, along with the powerful culture at Hasbro to supercharge the blueprint and build on the company's strong momentum. Hasbro is performing at a high level and with a clear, well-understood strategy. To ensure our success continues, I will be focused on five key priorities: supporting the amazing people at Hasbro; ensuring they have what they need to succeed while advancing our purpose-driven culture; executing the Brand Blueprint. This strategy is central to continuing Hasbro's transformation as a global play and entertainment company. We are beginning to see the full Blueprint execution come to life with significant potential to grow revenue and profit in the years ahead. Accelerating the growth of our Entertainment and Wizards of the Coast businesses, where we have unique and distinct advantages in the market and a differentiated business model relative to our competitors, delivering the guidance established for the year while helping the organization manage through supply chain challenges and continuing to drive strong cash generation in the business to pay down debt and fund the dividend. This should sound familiar to many of you as it is what the leadership team has been focused on as well. It's fitting that the strong third quarter results reflect the power of the Blueprint with significant growth in Entertainment as it returns to pre-pandemic levels, with another strong quarter in both tabletop and digital gaming from Wizards of the Coast, and with only a small decline in our consumer products business as we work to meet robust demand for Hasbro brands despite supply chain disruption. The diversification of the business enabled us to deliver a very strong quarter with 11% revenue growth, 6% adjusted operating profit growth, 5% gains in adjusted EBITDA and earnings and to generate significant cash. Deb will speak shortly in more detail to the third quarter performance. A clear proof point of the Brand Blueprint strategy and the omnichannel storytelling opportunity for our brands is in the success of the CGI animated feature, My Little Pony: A New Generation, which debuted on Netflix September 24. In its first weekend, the movie reached number one on Netflix in the kid's top 10 across 86 countries. It also reached the number one spot for movies, regardless of genre or target demo in 20 countries, including the UK, Germany, Brazil and Mexico. The success of the film was made possible by the collaboration and partnership of the talented brand teams at Hasbro with the teams at eOne, who together created a beautiful engaging film for fans around the world to enjoy. The film's success is also a testament to their agility to successfully market and launch a picture originally planned for theatrical release, on a streaming platform. The movie success builds deeper connections with consumers, driving incredible engagement on social media across Instagram and TikTok. The brand's relaunch powered by an all-new main five cast of Pony’s drove revenue growth for the franchise for the second straight quarter and the first positive quarter since the fourth quarter of 2017. Third quarter point-of-sale momentum began to rebound as the merchandise tied to the brand introduction and movie began to hit shelves. In the four weeks leading up to the movie, POS was up mid-single digits globally, and the week following the movie resulted in global POS gains of more than 150%. This trend has remained very strong in the weeks following. The movie launch was further supported with a robust licensing program, including a dedicated MY LITTLE PONY shop on Amazon and cross-category campaigns at several major global retailers. We've seen a favorable response from retailers and consumers, and the entertainment plan is only beginning as we are supporting the film with a robust content road map from eOne, including Netflix specials and new series as well as digital content in the coming year. Another significant milestone this quarter was the launch of Hasbro's PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS toy and games lines in markets around the world. Brought into the Hasbro portfolio via the eOne acquisition, these brands significantly strengthened Hasbro's presence in the pre-school market. We developed deep lines for each brand as well as expanding their licensed consumer products presence. Each of these launches are off to strong starts and contributed to growth in the quarter. But they, among many other brand campaigns were limited in their upside in the short-term due to the supply chain challenges global companies are facing. In the third quarter, we had orders for approximately $100 million, which did not shift by quarter end. The vast majority of this has already been delivered in the fourth quarter. These factors were more than offset by the contribution of our entertainment business, which is up substantially versus last year's third quarter, and up versus 2019, as well as the continuing momentum in the Wizards of the Coast business. Through our differentiated strategy, they delivered the revenue and profit growth for the quarter. As we look to the fourth quarter and the holiday season, there was strong demand for Hasbro toys and games. We are expertly managing the supply chain to ensure the shelves will be filled with Hasbro products this holiday. As a result, we believe we will grow revenue in the fourth quarter through the combination of our three business segments, and deliver full year double-digit revenue growth in the range of 13% to 16%, along with adjusted operating profit margins in line with last year's adjusted rate of approximately 15%. Before turning the call to Deb, I want to touch briefly on the plan for naming a permanent CEO. Our Board is and always has been actively engaged in succession planning for the CEO and other senior executive roles. This work provides a strong foundation for the naming of a new long-term leader for Hasbro and is well-underway. Until that time, I am working closely with the outstanding group of talented individuals making up our senior management team. In addition to Deb, joining me today for the Q&A portion, we have Chris Cocks, President and COO of Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming; Eric Nyman, Chief Consumer Officer and COO of Hasbro Consumer Products; and Darren Throop, CEO of eOne. Now I'll turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Hasbro employees globally, I would like to thank Rich for stepping up at this time for us, our Board, our shareholders and our company. The past couple of weeks have been difficult for all of us at Hasbro. Brian is missed, but the impact he made is unmistakable. We heard from so many of you remarking on Brian's leadership and your positive personal interactions with him. Thank you for sharing these memories with us. Brian empowered me and the executive team to run Hasbro and together we are, and we'll continue doing that. Brian was proud of our third quarter results. They showcased the strength of Hasbro's unique business model with growth in Entertainment and at Wizards in both tabletop and digital gaming. Our results also show the strength of our global teams as they expertly manage through supply chain disruptions and position us for growth in the fourth quarter and for the year. Brian believed as we do in investing to grow to unlock Hasbro's full potential and create value for our shareholders. Our priorities remain the same and we are executing against those priorities. The quarter highlighted our focus on de-levering our balance sheet as we repaid an additional $400 million of debt, bringing our year-to-date total to $972.5 million of long-term debt retired. We also paid the dividend, which has been maintained following the eOne acquisition and throughout the pandemic. At quarter end, cash on hand was $1.2 billion and we toward our goal of returning to our target of two to two and a half times debt to EBITDA and maintaining our investment-grade rating. For the quarter, revenue grew 11% versus last year and 6% versus pro forma 2019. MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MY LITTLE PONY, PEPPA PIG, and PJ MASKS were among our largest revenue gaining properties globally in the quarter, further supported by significant Entertainment deliveries. These include MY LITTLE PONY: A New Generation for Netflix, Yellowjackets for Showtime; Fear the Walking Dead for international markets; Come from Away in Finch for Apple TV, as well as the rookie for ABC. Entertainment segment revenues grew 76%, with gains in scripted and unscripted television, live action and animated film, and animated content. This performance has us well on the way to reach 2019 levels of Entertainment revenue for the full year, excluding the music business over the second half of the year. The segment delivered adjusted operating profit of $42.1 million or 12.9% operating profit margin, up from an adjusted loss of $3.6 million last year. We're developing over 200 projects across film and TV, including content for over 30 Hasbro brands for the coming years. Year-to-date through September, we've invested approximately $526 million in content development and continue to anticipate a full year spend range of $675 million to $750 million. For the fourth quarter, we have significant deliveries planned including Grey Male, a new scripted program for Netflix; additional episodes of the Rookie and Yellowjackets, and the films Clifford: The Big Red Dog and Mrs. Harris Goes to Paris. Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming segment revenues increased 32%, and Wizards had a great third quarter, and we expect the business to deliver its goal of doubling from its 2018 revenue by the end of 2021, two years ahead of plan. Magic: The Gathering and Dungeons & Dragons led this growth, both in the quarter and over the past few years, with gains in both tabletop and digital gaming revenues. It was the second largest quarter in Wizards' history behind only Q2 of this year. Among the Magic releases in the quarter, our third quarter premier set adventures in the Forgotten Realms, launched July 23, and became our first co-branded premier set. Sand’s of both Magic and Dungeons & Dragons embrace the product, and it's on track to be our best selling summer release of all time. Importantly, our digital investments are driving revenue growth. Magic: The Gathering Arena Mobile continues to grow. It's a meaningful source of new players, and our releases were bolstered by their engagement in the game. Our licensed Digital Gaming business also delivered strong growth in the quarter. Operating profit in the segment increased on the higher revenues, investments in future game development and support of new game launches as well as increased digital gaming depreciation, reduced operating profit margin from last year. Consumer products revenue declined 3%. There is strong demand for our brands, but we were unable to fulfill approximately $100 million of product we had orders for during the quarter. Including these mix shipments, revenue would have increased 5%. In September, we shipped the most volume ever domestically in a single month. And through today, we've shipped the majority of what we didn't deliver in the third quarter. This achievement is remarkable given it was accomplished in the middle of a global pandemic, with unprecedented supply chain challenges across the globe. As we shared last quarter, we took steps early to mitigate risk, including activating alternate ports in China and the US, expanding our shipping capacity, working closely with customers to provide support where we can, and prioritize supply based on inventory and customer needs, and in certain instances using air freight to ensure delivery. The team has done an amazing job and continues to work non-stop. Global point-of-sale declined mid-single digits. As we improve our in-stock levels and see the effects of a significant increase in advertising spend and auto vile [ph] execution, we expect significant improvement. Within consumer products, Hasbro Gaming revenues grew in the quarter, led by demand across our gaming portfolio and Emerging Brands revenue was up, fueled by our toy and game launches of Peppa Pig and PJ Masks. In our franchise brands, Rich already spoke to the success of My Little Pony, and how this positions us well in the relaunch of the brand. Transformers revenue increased in the quarter. The final chapter of the War for Cybertron Trilogy, launched July 29 on Netflix, driving continued demand in our generation fan product. We also celebrated a new milestone for the Transformers franchise, when Universal Studios, Beijing, opened Transformers Metro base, the first-ever Transformers themed land. In partnership with Paramount, production on TRANSFORMERS: RISE OF THE BEAST continues for theatrical release next summer. Partner Brand revenue declined, but Hasbro products for the Marvel portfolio grew, including Marvel Legends and the new pre-school product line launch supporting Spidey and His Amazing Friends. We also introduced new products to support Marvel Studios Disney+ Series, and the theatrical release of Marvel Studios, Shang-Chi and The Legend of The Ten Rings. Blockbusters revenue increased with the primary launch of the toy line in August for the feature film GHOSTBUSTERS: AFTERLIFE from Sony Pictures coming to Theater's November 19th. Operating profit for the Consumer Products segment decreased $15.8 million, reflecting the lower revenue and incremental expense for freight and related costs. Price increases to mitigate the higher expenses in shipping and input costs went into effect in most markets in August, and will be fully implemented for the fourth quarter. Looking at our overall Hasbro P&L, gross margin, including cost of sales and program amortization, declined 130 basis points. This reflected essentially flat cost of sales dollars. Given favorable mix and growth in entertainment, cost of sales declined 340 a percent of revenue. The robust entertainment revenue growth drove an associated increase in program amortization of 470 basis points. Product development increased $17 million, led by incremental investments in future tabletop and digital games at Wizards and our ongoing commitment to innovation across the business. Advertising expense increased $26 million, including promotional activity and support of the MY LITTLE PONY movie and advertising behind new Wizards game launches. We have aggressive advertising plans for this holiday season, shifting more dollars this year into the fourth quarter to drive point-of-sale. We will, however, closely match this expense with inventory availability. Adjusted SG&A increased $35 million, and continues to reflect higher expenses as the business returns to pre-COVID levels. This includes higher freight costs, incremental marketing and sales expense; increased depreciation associated with capitalized digital games and increased compensation. Despite these higher expenses, SG&A remained flat as a percentage of revenue. The adjusted underlying tax rate for the quarter was 23.4% compared to 19.9% a year ago. The rate is mainly driven by a change in the mix of income. We continue to expect the full year underlying rate to remain at approximately 21%. Our balance sheet is strong. In addition to our cash position and lower debt, DSOs were 68 days, a reduction of five days compared to Q3 2020, reflecting both higher revenue and good collections despite shipping a large volume of product late in the quarter. Inventory increased slightly year-over-year but declined absent FX. At quarter end, we have lessened finished goods on hand than typical and significantly more in-transit inventory. In general, total transit times have nearly doubled across all lanes. And on certain lanes, transit times are as much as 50 days longer compared to pre-pandemic levels. Our strong third quarter and year-to-date performance has us on track to meet our guidance for double-digit revenue growth, which we now are expecting in the range of 13% to 16% for the full year and maintaining an adjusted operating margin of approximately 15%. We have orders to support the high end of the revenue growth range but there are supply chain factors out of our control, which could impact our ability to fully achieve the upside. I am incredibly proud of how the organization has come together this year. Despite many obstacles, our results showcase the strength of our business, our strategy, and our team. Our leadership team is now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is coming from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I just want to start by saying for those of us on this side of the call, Brian's absence in his voice has really felt today. So, it was a privilege to know him, and our sympathies are with all of you and his family. Rich, my question is for you. It's a question we're getting most from stakeholders right now, which is, can you share a little bit more about the search in terms of characteristics, background as you think about the Blueprint, who is the type of individual that you're looking for to really guide the next the company? Thank you.
Rich Stoddart: Thanks Steph and I have to say how much we appreciate your sentiments. Brian didn't just touch Hasbro, he touched a lot of people in the world. And -- so thank you for that. So, as I said in my remarks, the search for the permanent CEO is not something that is just beginning now. The Board is and always has been thinking about succession as a matter of course, it is a responsibility of the Board to think through. And that work that they've been doing, I think, provides a very strong foundation for the naming of a new long-term CEO, and that process is well underway. I will say the commitment and belief in the brand Blueprint as the strategy for Hasbro go forward is greater than it's ever been. I think what you saw in this quarter is just the beginning of the potential of the Blueprint to drive this company forward. I'll say -- use the Brian is -- I guess right now to say this is not a point of arrival for Hasbro -- or not a point of departure for Hasbro, it's a point of -- sorry, not a point of arrival but a point of departure, right? This is the beginning of the Blueprint proving itself out in the world. And so I think the characteristics of a leader are, A, a fantastic leader who believes in this team and this company and this culture to take it forward and b, someone who can continue to expand on the blueprint and drive that vision forward.
Steph Wissink: Deb, could I put out a follow-up question for you on the guidance. I'm just getting a few e-mails this morning on what's built into your operating margin target from a cost and pricing perspective in the fourth quarter? Have you taken a similarly conservative approach as you did to the sales guidance?
Deb Thomas: Yes. Thanks, Steph. I appreciate the question. Now absolutely, as we said, we have orders on hand to meet the top end of our guidance range for revenue, but we're feeling the cost pressures that the rest of the industry is feeling. And we are also feeling the supply chain pressures that the rest of the world is facing right now. It's funny, I went to buy something at the grocery store the other day and the shelf was empty. And I'm like, okay, I'm not going to fell for another brand. I'll just go with that for now. But the important thing is we've got everything in place, so there will be Hasbro toys and games on the shelves this holiday season. The team has put a lot of process in place, some of which includes air freight. Our air freight expense was much higher in the third quarter than it typically is, and we do expect it to be higher in the fourth quarter. We don't intend to take additional price increases this year. So what we have built in is what is there to cover our costs. So overall, we still are in firm belief that we can hit our guidance of double-digit revenue growth at 13% to 16%. We have orders for the high end, but some things will be beyond our control. And we believe that we can achieve operating profit levels in line with last year for the full year as well.
Steph Wissink: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler from MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I wonder if we could talk a little bit about Magic: The Gathering, and curious if you'd be able to give us maybe a little insight into sort of the balance of revenue between physical play and digital play. What's been the impact on, let's say, daily average users now that mobile is -- has had time to ramp up a little bit?
Rich Stoddart: Yes. Thanks for the question, Eric. So I know this is a question you've been poking at in the past. And I want to reiterate what I think the team has been saying in the past, which is that these -- the mobile and digital gaming and tabletop gaming are neither cannibalistic nor separate. They really are an ecosystem that mutually supports it. So we are continuing to grow Magic Arena. The mobile platform is a critical source of new users for Magic Arena. And at the same time, tabletop is increasing as well. And I think what you're seeing is the power of that expanded omnichannel experience. . Maybe though, Chris, I'll just ask you if you want to comment any further on Eric's question?
Chris Cocks: Sure. Thanks, Rich. Hi, Eric. Yes, the Magic business had a very strong and has overall, had a very strong 2021. By the end of Q3, in fact, Magic is already bigger this year than it was in all of 2020, which was a record year for us. Arena is a major contributor to that. Mobile has been a terrific source of new users for the brand, and we see a very healthy crossover between users who come on board digitally, who migrate to tabletop, and likewise, tabletop players who want to play a more magic in play, both on mobile and PC. And so I think the combination of those factors plus the segmentation we've been driving in our business has done an excellent job in terms of growing our overall user base, enhancing our engagement with fans, and driving our average revenue per user.
Eric Handler: Great. And just as a follow-up. I know during the pandemic, a number of Hobby stores were closed, e-commerce was beneficial for selling physical sets. I'm curious now that Hobby stores are fully reopened. We're seeing more in-store tournaments, are you starting to see an oversized rebound with the physical sets at all? 
Rich Stoddart: Chris, do you want to take that?
Chris Cocks: Great. Yes, sure. Yes, we were very impressed with our Hobby channel partners and how they rallied with the realities of the pandemic prior to April of 2020, only about 35% of our Hobby stores offered any kind of online solution or curbside solution. And over the last 18 months, we now have over 80% of them offering their wares online and as a curb side solution. And so our overall mix of business has actually stayed remarkably similar during the overall pandemic. Hobby has grown. Our online and e-commerce partners have grown, and our mass partners have also grown. And I think it's a testament to kind of like the strong foundation that is underlying both the MAGIC business as well as the D&D business and our ability to partner with all those partners across different channel mixes.
Eric Handler: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thanks very much. Thank you. Please accept our heartfelt condolences. We were very saddened by Brian's passing. He will be very much missed. To follow-up on earlier question, even top end of guidance for Q4 would imply perhaps less than 10% operating profit margin. First, is my calculation correct? And I know there are some moving parts like Prime Day comps and MAGIC card release sort of cadence. But could you perhaps spend a few minutes going over kind of puts and takes? I know, Deb, answered a good chunk of it already. But if you could sort of size it for us, that would be great. And I have a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, we talked a lot about the product that we have to deliver and as a matter of fact, the $100 million that shifted from Q3 into Q4, we talked about most of that's already been delivered. And in fact, if you look at just our inventory, never mind retail inventory, 40% of our inventory balance at the end of the quarter was in transit. So, that's here now, and we can ship that. So, we're very excited about the opportunity. We have plenty of things on the water. We are going to continue to use air freight for the quarter, and the team has done a terrific job, actually making sure that we will have full shelves of products, Hasbro toys and games for the holiday season. That being said, some of that costs a bit more and we've also talked a bit about advertising. It's very important that the consumer comes and takes away that product. So, in an effort to make sure that the POS is there that we're reaching the consumer will have higher advertising expense in the quarter as well. So, some of the puts and takes, some of the costs are going to be a bit higher which is why we said we believe our overall gross margin will be more in line with 2019 -- pro forma 2019 than 2020 because of the excellent deliveries that we expect on the Entertainment side, the good mix from our Wizards of the Coast business, but also our consumer products business, which does have some pressures on the cost side as well. So all of those things brought together, which is the beauty of our portfolio and our advanced business strategy. We have three businesses that work together that are going to allow us to achieve that revenue growth and operating profit margins that are in line with a year ago at about 15%. That being said, we also believe in our medium-term guidance that there is no inherent reason why we can't have operating profit margins over 16%. And we're well on our way to managing that. We're just dealing with some short-term issues that the rest of the world are dealing with as well.
Arpine Kocharyan: Right. Right. Thank you. Are you able to share what percentage of your volume you expect to go through direct imports in Q4? If not, no problem. Thank you.
Deb Thomas: So overall, our direct import business, we do expect it will be around similar levels to a year ago. I will say with the supply chain issues that the world is facing, our customers aren't immune to that as well. And we've been working very closely with them to ensure they have the product they need on shelves at the right time. As a matter of fact, partnering with them, if we can get containers and they can't, for example. So overall, I think our direct import business may be down a tick from a year ago, but overall in line, not significantly different.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Jaime Katz of Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hi. Good morning. And just want to echo the condolences that have already been sent to the team. But I'm hoping you can comment on capital allocation, particularly the continued reduction of debt and the walk back to investment grade. Is there an ability now to get back to that investment-grade target faster than originally planned, that three to four years? Thanks.
Deb Thomas: Thanks, Jaime. Yes. So we're really proud that we're an investment-grade company, and we've maintained our investment-grade status even after the acquisition of eOne. It's been very important to us, and we've worked very closely with the rating agencies to make sure they know our plans and how we're stepping along the way. Our capital allocation priorities really are the same. First and foremost, we invest in our own business. You see that in the growth, in Entertainment this quarter. You see it in the growth in Wizards. You see it behind all the wonderful innovation in our consumer products business. So we do believe in investing in ourselves first. Beyond that, we are committed to getting back to the 2 to 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. Right now, that is the right place for us. We believe that lets us keep investing for the future and continuing the growth trajectory that Hasbro has been on. And then thirdly, we will return excess cash to our shareholders. We have had maintained our dividend even after the acquisition of eOne. We maintained our dividend throughout the pandemic. That's important to us and to our Board as well. So we continue to have our capital allocation strategy to be consistent with the way it's been in the past. And we are proud to be an investment-grade company.
Jaime Katz: Thank you. I'm sorry, I misspoke. I meant to say the leverage target rather than investment grade. And then are there any idiosyncrasies we can be -- we should be aware of on the cadence of spend for programming over the next few quarters that could help us think through how that cost metric might change?
Deb Thomas: So, from a spend standpoint, we still expect to be between the $600 million and $750 million for the full year this year, probably a little bit closer to the high end, if you look at where we're sitting this year. And as you know, that spend will translate to revenue in future years. So, -- and some this year as well. We've got great deliveries planned for the fourth quarter. And maybe, Darren, you could talk a little bit about some of the deliveries and what we have planned for 2022?
Darren Throop: Yes. Sure, Deb. Thanks. Yes, through the fourth quarter, as was mentioned, we've got more deliveries coming for the Rookie Season 4. We've got Yellowjackets deliveries through this quarter. We've got the second season of Moonshine delivery. We've got lots of children's animation product delivery, PEPPA PIG Season 9. We've got Clifford: The Big Red Dog coming to theaters in November. So, we've got a lot of activity delivering a lot of the programming that we've been producing throughout this year. As we roll into 2022, we see strong cadence of continued production, both on returning series, but also on new series. Obviously, since the acquisition, we've been really working hard on Hasbro content. I think it was mentioned before in the call, there's over 30 brands in development, and there's multiple entertainment streams being developed against those brands. Meaning in some regards, like for TRANSFORMERS, for instance, we've got a feature film in production. We've also got animated content coming and other programs planned for TRANSFORMERS. And you'll see that across the entire Hasbro portfolio. So, a lot planned for the fourth quarter, but 2022 looks to be a very, very strong year coming as well. And you'll see those deliveries, as Deb said, supporting that investment in content spend through 2021 and 2022.
Jaime Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Fred Whiteman with Wolf Research. Please proceed with your question.
Fred Wightman: Hey guy, good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on your commentary about the medium-term operating margin getting back to over 16%. When you look at a lot of what you've dealt with this year in terms of the input costs, how are you viewing those as far as transitory versus structural? And what do you think that means for pricing going forward? Could we need to price a little bit more over the next few years to offset that? How does that all shake out for that margin trajectory going forward?
Deb Thomas: Good morning Fred. You're right, everyone -- the whole world, I think, is seeing input costs going up right now. Trends have been good lately. We've seen them coming down a bit in the last short period. However, the beauty of our Consumer Products product line is -- a lot of that product line is new every single year. So, we can engineer our product to hit certain price points. That being said, we do believe that there's going to be that the cost inflation we've seen is going to continue for a period of time. Looking at inflation, we're dealing in inflationary markets in most places. And again, I'll go back to what I could find on the shelves at the grocery store was more expensive, right? So, it's a matter of, I think, the -- all industries are facing a bit of this right now. But we do have the opportunity to reinvent our product line -- the majority of our product line every year, and therefore, we can just take cost out of it as we do that. We've been working very closely with our manufacturing partners to ensure they've got the right components to make the product and we'll have it. That's what's most important. And then we'll ensure that it's made the right way and priced appropriately for the market as well.
Fred Wightman: Makes sense. And then I guess specifically on the fourth quarter, if we think about the timing of when those price increases hit in August, how should we be thinking about the consumer product margins specifically in the fourth quarter?
Deb Thomas: So for the fourth quarter, we continue to see escalating costs from when we put our price increases in place. So you just think about the cost of air freight, and the cost of freight -- everyone has talked about supply chain and the cost of shipping, right, and ocean channels, and what's in place for acquiring additional transport cost to get holiday, which we will have. But that does put just some near-term pressure on some of the margins. Our -- the full impact of our price increases will take effect in the fourth quarter. And overall, we still believe our total gross margin, which includes our program amortization, which is representative of our deliveries as well on the Entertainment side, as well as our Wizards of the Coast business, which we've seen the digital side of that business grow. That's why our diversified business model really lets us say, we think our gross margins will be in line with 2019. But more 2019 than 2020.
Fred Whiteman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Great. Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to express my team's condolences as well. Brian was the toy Goat and my favorite sparing partner, so he'll definitely be missed. Deb, I want to ask you about Peppa Pig and PJ Masks, the in-sourcing of those products. What did those contribute in terms of, say, net revenue gain and net operating profit gain by bringing those in-house in a quarter? Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Well, thank you, Gerrick, and thank you for your sentiments. We appreciate everyone's but you may have been Brian's favorites sparing partner as well. So we all really appreciate your comments very much, all of you. So thank you, and thank you for all the nice notes that you sent that meant the world to us and to everyone here. The Peppa Pig -- and we're so excited about Peppa Pig and PK Masks. We started shipping products for our line for Peppa and PJ in the third quarter. Some of this supply challenges we had did impact those lines. But they are here now, and on the way. From the quarter standpoint, we just started shipping in the third quarter, so we expect to see a bigger impact in the fourth quarter. As we've said, we think that the total impact for the year would be $75 million to $85 million, I think we said, and we're on track for that for the impact for the full year. And Peppa and PJ together have operating profit margins very similar to our franchise brands. So you think high teens, low 20s operating profit margins. So we're really excited about the brands, the lines. We fully integrated our consumer products business now. We'll continue to have external licensing partners through next year, and beyond that as well. Because there are some lines that we won't take on ourselves that we have great licensees that are doing that. So we've successfully integrated most of that business. We'll continue seeing more of the business integrated in 2022, and we're really excited that Peppa and PJ are part of the Hasbro family.
Gerrick Johnson: Great. Thank you, Deb.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Thank you for the question. First, I'd also like to express my condolences on behalf of our team to Hasbro and Brian's family, and friends for their loss. I just have one question for Chris or Deb. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the cadence of MAGIC: THE GATHERING card set releases for the rest of the year, and how that might impact revenue growth? And then could you also just comment on the content and gaming outlook for 2022 for Wizards of the Coast more broadly? Thank you very much.
Rich Stoddart: Chris, why don't you take that?
Chris Cocks: Sure thing. So, in 2021, we expanded our number of major set releases from six in 2020 to seven in 2021. Our next big release will be in Q4, which is called Innistrad: Crimson Vow, a vampire theme set. That's part of the twofer that we released the first part in the Innistrad: Midnight Hunt in Q3. And we expect continued growth in Q4, but as Deb mentioned in the upfront remarks, we think that will be moderated just based on set timing releases and composition. For 2022, we also expect to have seven major releases comping 2021. Those set releases will vary slightly in timing and composition. But based on the early fan reactions that we've received in Q3, we feel very good about the quality of those sets and how our fans are responding to them. And they include everything from returning to old classics like Commagawua and Dominaria and the Brothers War to exploring new themes, like a gangster theme set for the spring called the Streets of New Capana and then continuing to expand the number of formats and segments of consumers we're going after, including an expansion of our Universes Beyond initiative, which is taking outside IP for MAGIC and bringing it into the MAGIC play system like we did in Q3 with the D&D and MAGIC with Adventures in the Forgotten Realms, which set a record for us in terms of our summer releases. It was the biggest summer set release we've ever had. So, we feel good about the balance of the year, and we feel very good about the initial reactions to our 2022 set release schedule.
Michael Ng: Thank you for all the thoughts Chris.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Thanks. And our condolences to Brian's family and the Hasbro team. So, my question is on the sales guidance. With the language for 13% to 16% growth this year, is there any more precision you can offer at the segment level? I guess more specifically, you were previously forecasting Consumer Products up mid-single-digits for the year, is that something you see is still achievable?
Deb Thomas: So, overall, we do expect growth in all of our segments for the fourth quarter. That being said, there are some things on the supply chain side that really are beyond our control. I mean we've all read about every industry being impacted by ships floating outside of ports. That being said, we've increased a lot of ports. And Eric, why don't you actually talk a little bit about what we have put in place to ensure that we'll be able to get product on the shelves for this holiday?
Eric Nyman: Sure. We feel confident that there will be plenty of Hasbro toys and games here for the holidays. And I think that's the headline we want to stress. We've already talked about the headwind of $100 million shifting from Q3 to Q4. And I do want to highlight, as Deb mentioned, the majority of that has already shipped to our customers around the world, which is really just highlighting that this is a phasing issue, not an issue of lost orders or lost sales. With regards to mitigation, we are proud of our teams. We took several steps to mitigate some of the challenges that we saw happening earlier in the year. We activated new ports in both China and the US. We've added multiple ocean carrier contracts to increase capacity around the world. We've expanded our trucker capacity as well, which helps move products to warehouses all over the world. And we're ready for Q4 with plans lined up to meet as much demand as possible to deliver peak shipments during the peak season. So I feel we're ready to go, and we appreciate the question.
Drew Crum: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alok Patel with Berenberg. Please proceed with your question.
Alok Patel: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you guys can comment a little bit on some of the price increases that were supposed to be an effect in Q3? How have they materialized versus expectations? And with POS up strong, is there more room to pass on some of the cost to the consumers and the retailers?
Rich Stoddart: Yes. So the first thing I'd say is just to remember, right, retailers set the pricing. But we did -- those price increases went into effect in August. And so we're really seeing the full impact of that pricing in Q4. So Deb, I don't know if you have anything to add to that?
Deb Thomas: Yes. I agree you, Rich. I think you hit it on the head. The retailer actually sets the price to the consumer, we don't. So we won't be taking further price increases in 2021. That would be very disruptive to our retail partners as well as if you think about the cost of running a company to implement something like that at this point is very difficult, right? So we want our retailers to have predictability for their season as well. However, they set the ultimate price to the consumer, and there'll be plenty of Hasbro toys and games for the consumer to buy this holiday season.
Alok Patel: Got you. Thanks. That’s all I have.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call over to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance. Then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude those non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro team delivered an excellent second quarter, highlighting the power of our portfolio and the benefits of supercharging our blueprint across consumer products, wizards and digital gaming and entertainment. Each segment grew revenues and profit on an adjusted basis in the second quarter. Overall revenue was up 54% from last year and 9% higher compared to pro forma second quarter 2019. Demand for Hasbro brands, products, and content remained strong. The team is executing extremely well to meet consumer, retailer, and audience demand in a dynamic environment while driving significant profit and cash generation. As communicated earlier this year, we are on track to grow revenues, adjusted earnings, and adjusted EBITDA this year. This includes revenue growth in all segments to achieve double-digit revenue growth for Hasbro. We also continue to believe we can reach an adjusted operating margin level approximately in line with last year's adjusted level of 15.1%. We delivered two quarters of excellent results so far, and given these results in favorable mix, year-to-date adjusted operating margin is 570 basis points higher versus last year's first half. We successfully established price increases that go into effect during the third quarter and provide an offset to the rising input and freight costs in the business. These supply chain pressures are meaningful, but given the strength in our business, the actions we have taken combined with our global footprint, we continue to believe we can meet our full year targets. The team is doing tremendous work from manufacturing, to logistics, to partnering with our retailers, to ensure there is product to meet demand. It is not easy, and we'll work through challenges every day. Deb will speak to this further. Each brand category grew in the quarter as did six of our seven franchise brands. MONOPOLY declined slightly versus a very robust quarter last year. Franchise Brands, Hasbro Gaming, and Emerging Brands were each up versus second quarter 2019. Partner Brands and the TV/Film/Entertainment categories were essentially flat with two-years ago as theatrical releases and content production is returning. Wizards generated a standout performance this quarter, led by MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Demand for Magic is at all time highs, including two record releases in the quarter, Strixhaven and Modern Horizons 2. As player begins to return to stores and play communities, we're seeing an uptick in sales on our backlist product as well. The high demand is tempered only by supply chain challenges as the collectible trading card space has seen significant demand for production capacity and materials. The launch of MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena on mobile exceeded our expectations and is attracting new arena players. Hybrid players who engage in both desktop and mobile show increased engagement and spend. Digital remains an important driver for our business, and our overall digital portfolio is performing at record levels. We take a holistic approach and are pleased with the direction of our digital transformation. For DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, which grew in both analog and digital this past quarter, the launch of DARK ALLIANCE did not meet our expectations or that of our players. We'll continue to invest in improving the gameplay in downloadable content. DARK ALLIANCE was a modest investment for us, and we do not anticipate any material effect to Wizards' results. We continue to invest robustly in digital. Wizards is on track for another record year. And while much of that growth was front half loaded, we expect growth in the second half of the year behind the positive third-quarter release slate. Turning to our Consumer Products business, each region grew toy and game revenues as did licensing, which is beginning to recover. The strength of our brand portfolio more than offset the difficult comparisons in games. As expected, point-of-sale declined in the mid-single digits versus high-single-digit growth last year, which was led by the extraordinary growth in the games category. Hasbro point-of-sale for toys in the second quarter was up, while games was down. For the US, where we have the most comprehensive data, point-of-sale is up 10% when compared to 2019 with similar gains in both toy and games categories. The quarterly year-over-year comparisons are choppy, but the trajectory is positive. E-com revenue, including omnichannel retailers, continued to grow in the mid-teens and physical shopping improved as most stores are open this year versus last. According to Profitero, Hasbro had the leading share of Prime Day toy and game sales in several countries. Channel growth was widespread with the largest growth in mass retailers, toy specialty, and fan [ph] channels. We have significant product launches backed by robust multi-channel marketing campaigns slated for the second half, including new NERF launches to continue driving the brand after successful DinoSquad and Hyper launches in the second quarter. Hasbro's PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS line will be on shelf in the coming weeks. With 100 new products, new entertainment, and the support of Hasbro's global retail partners, these brands are poised to reach more families than ever. We're also relaunching MY LITTLE PONY in the third quarter. There's an all-new cast of ponies and product in support of the September Netflix premier of the CGI movie, MY LITTLE PONY, A New Generation. We will further support the franchise with additional series and specials in coming periods. Audiences are returning to theaters, and we're supporting several key films, including in partnerships with Paramount, Snake Eyes: G.I. Joe Origins, that premiered this past weekend; Marvel Studio's Black Widow that released earlier this month; as well as Marvel Studio's Spider-Man, No Way Home; and Ghostbusters, Sony's Ghostbusters Afterlife. Entertainment is the catalyst that unlocks the next level of value in our portfolio. eOne is the production. Television in both scripted and unscripted led growth this quarter, along with Family Brands revenue from content sales and YouTube advertising. Our entertainment business grew significantly in the quarter, and we continue to target a similar level of revenue for the segment this year versus 2019, absent the second half of the year music revenues. In television, Cruel Summer premiered very high ratings on Freeform and was picked up by the network for a second season. ABC renewed the Rookie for a fourth season, and we have commenced production. Apple TV Plus brought worldwide rights to our production of Come From Away, which is in post production for release this fall. Additional film releases to come include Clifford, the Big Red Dog with Paramount; and Stillwater, directed by Tom McCarthy and starring Matt Damon. In Unscripted TV, our slate remains robust with close to 40 active productions for Canada, the US, and UK. The eOne team continues to develop and move into production of Hasbro IP. Of more than 200 projects in development across TV, film and animation, more than 30 Hasbro brands are being developed. Among the many active projects were in production on the DUNGEONS & DRAGONS live-action feature to premier in 2023, and we began principal photography with Paramount on the live-action Transformers, Rise of the Beast coming June 2022. Hasbro is well-positioned for the coming quarters and years with the industry's best brand portfolio, backed by unmatched capabilities in consumer products, gaming and entertainment. Our global team of Hasbro employees and partners continues exceeding expectations to execute and deliver outstanding results during these dynamic times. I'll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian. And good morning, everyone. The second quarter was another very good quarter for Hasbro. The team executed at a high level to drive revenue growth, profit and margin improvement, manage a complex supply chain, while reducing debt and delivering a strong balance sheet. Revenues were up significantly versus last year, but importantly, also up compared to the second quarter of 2019, which did not have an impact from COVID. Each segment grew revenues and profits on an adjusted basis year-over-year. As Brian said, we're tracking to our full year goals and our outlook is in line with our prior guidance. The strength of our balance sheet and the sale of the Music business, which was completed early in the third quarter, enabled us to pay off $250 million of long-term debt prior to quarter end and another $100 million in July. Through today, we've retired $650 million of debt this year and are evaluating incremental opportunities for further reductions. At quarter end, cash on hand was $1.2 billion and we're making good progress toward our goal of returning to our target of 2 to 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA and maintaining our investment grade rating. Receivables declined further in the quarter. DSOs were 60 days, a reduction of 37 days compared to Q2 2020 and down 24 days from pro forma Q2 2019. These are the lowest levels of DSOs in a very long time. This improvement is the result of higher sales, combined with improved collections and excellent work between the commercial and treasury teams across our business. Inventory decreased versus second quarter last year when sell into retailers was limited. Inventory remains below 2019 levels and of good quality. Retail inventory increased in markets where we were under stocked last year, including the US and Europe, and we continue to reduce our levels in certain markets like Latin America, which is helping improve profit in that region year-over-year. My discussion will be based on adjusted results, which excludes several items outlined in our release today, including a $101.8 million charge related to a loss on eOne Music assets held-for-sale and related pretax transaction costs of $9.5 million. Within our segments, Consumer Products revenue grew 33% behind gains in Franchise Brands, Emerging Brands and Partner Brands. While overall Hasbro Gaming grew in the segment it declined compared to the strong demand last year. Revenue grew in each geographic region. Licensed consumer products revenue increased again this quarter behind franchise and entertainment-backed brands, as licensed categories in the retail environment are improving. Foreign exchange had a favorable $19.1 million impact on the segment. Operating profit for this segment increased $63.1 million. Similar to the first quarter, the higher revenue was partially offset by increases in royalties from Partner Brand growth, higher advertising to drive the business throughout the year and increased freight costs. Profit was up throughout the segment, with North America, Europe and Latin America contributing the most to profit improvements. Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming segment revenues increased 118% in the quarter. MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS contributed to this growth. Foreign exchange had a favorable $7.2 million impact. With the higher revenues, operating profit grew, increasing $118.8 million and 780 basis points in operating margin. The increased revenue more than offset higher expenses to support new game launches, including investing in future games [ph] advertising and marketing to support game launches and depreciation related to capitalized game development. We've said previously that based on release schedules, we expected the second quarter to be the largest for this business, and the team outperformed our expectations. Based on the release schedule for the remainder of the year, we continue to expect a record revenue year for Wizards with operating margins closer to 2019 levels. Entertainment segment revenues grew 47% with growth in scripted and unscripted television, animated content and YouTube revenues. Foreign exchange had a favorable $8.8 million impact in the quarter. These results have [ph] us on the path to reaching 2019 levels of revenue, excluding the Music business over the second half of the year, given it will no longer be in our results. Adjusted operating profit was up, but margin declined with higher expenses, as eOne returns to more normal levels of operation. Our cash spend on content across scripted and unscripted live-action animated TV and film is planned to be in the range of $675 million to $750 million for the full year. Through the second quarter, we spent approximately $308 million of that plan. Looking at our overall Hasbro P&L, robust revenue growth and favorable mix drove significant improvement in operating profit dollars and a 1,060 basis point increase in adjusted operating profit margin to 16% further [ph]. Adjusted EBITDA more than doubled in the quarter versus last year. Gross margin, including cost of sales and program amortization, increased 80 basis points from growth across the business, including high gross margin revenues from Wizards of the Coast. Cost of sales increased in dollars on the higher revenues, but declined as a percent of revenue, reflecting the favorable mix of Wizards' revenue and improved profit in the Consumer Products business. While other factors positively - for its gross margin, freight and input costs are significantly higher this year than last. One example is ocean freight costs, what we're projecting on average, that cost will be more than four times higher this year versus last. As Brian mentioned, we're implementing price increases during the third quarter that should be fully realized by the fourth quarter. We expect this to offset the rising cost of freight and commodities we continue to see across the business. We're also working to ensure product availability during the holiday season. We may experience some shifts in delivery dates and timing of revenue, but we're leveraging our global footprint and scale to meet demand. This includes sourcing more products earlier out of multiple countries, increasing the number of ocean carriers we work with and utilizing more ports to expedite the delivery of our product from their origin to destination points, along with many other tactics to manage through anticipated port congestion and ocean capacity constraints expected in the second half of the year. Program amortization increased in the quarter, reflecting the higher entertainment deliveries. This is expected to be in the range of 9% to 10% of revenue for the full year 2021. We continue to expect gross margin to decline slightly for the full year. Product development increased $29 million, led by investments in future analog and digital games at Wizards. As a percentage of revenue, this declined 20 basis points. Advertising expense increased $33 million to support new digital game launches, along with the higher support of our Toy and Game business as planned for this year versus last. This line also declined as a percentage of revenue by 40 basis points. Reflecting the sale of the Music business, we now expect intangible amortization related to the eOne acquisition to be approximately $86 million for the full year 2021 or approximately $20 million each of the third and fourth quarters. As a reminder, we exclude this expense in adjusted earnings and EPS. SG&A reflects higher expenses as the business returns to pre-COVID levels, with higher levels of marketing and sales expense, increased depreciation associated with capitalized digital games, increased compensation and higher freight costs. Despite these high expenses, SG&A declined as a percentage of revenue by 540 basis points. The underlying tax rate in the quarter was 23.2% compared to 20.6% last year. The higher rate is due to the mix of income, but we expect the full year underlying rate to remain at approximately 21%, excluding the amortization of the eOne acquisition intangible. The all-in GAAP effective rate in the quarter was mainly driven by two discrete events, including the impact of the Music sale and the re-measurement of our UK net deferred tax liability. This was offset by a benefit resulting from tax planning and normal discrete items. Our second quarter showcased the benefit of our deep portfolio of brands and capabilities backed by a tremendous team and solid execution. For the remainder of the year, we will be delivering tremendous innovation in a robust content slate, while navigating the global supply environment to deliver a successful holiday season. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Deb and Brian, I have one for each of you. Deb, the question is on operating margins. It's much stronger than what we would have expected for the quarter even with Wizards. I'm just curious if you can talk a little bit about how you expect margins to play out over the longer term? Do you expect to see some of the margin benefits continue to progress through the back half? And then Brian, my question for you is just a bigger picture. Now that you've gotten the blueprint enhanced capabilities around the blueprint, can you give us a few examples for the back half, maybe it's PEPPA or MY LITTLE PONY, how do you expect to fully exploit the capabilities, and what we should be looking for in the marketplace as evidence of that? Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Great. Good morning, Steph. Brian, let me lead off, and thanks for the question there. The team delivered tremendous revenue and operating profit margins for the quarter, I mean really good job all the way around. As we've said, we continue to expect that throughout the rest of the year, we'll have solid operating profit margins and that we can achieve the guidance we set out at the beginning of the year to grow revenue you know, double digits and operating profit margins to be in line with a year ago. Over the longer term, in the medium term, we do expect that we can have - grow our operating margin levels greater than 16% on a full-year basis and have cash generation close to that $1 billion level that we saw a year ago. So, excited about what the teams are doing, how they're working, and how they're driving profitability and products. As you know, this year, there are some pressures that are existing out there on the cost side. We've taken pricing that we think will cover all of that, and we expect it to cover it right now. But we still expect there'll be some fluctuation in operating profit level for the rest of the year. But over the long-term, no reason why we won't exceed that 16% level in the future.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Good morning, Steph. And as we look at the business, clearly, Q2 is an important inflection point for the company and for stakeholders. As we return to growth in our Entertainment business, we're seeing the momentum in our Wizards of the Coast business, and of course continue to see very strong consumer product sales. For the fall, we are lining up with PEPPA and PJ launches. It's great to see those brands in growth mode in Q2. Consumer products returning on those businesses, and PEPPA is the second most viewed pre-school brand in the world and that content consumption really goes unabated as we are in season nine on that brand and in season four PJ MASKS with lots of new content to come. MY LITTLE PONY film is coming in September, its on Netflix, it will be beneficiary of the 200 million subscribers that Netflix has and a really robust array of products, great innovative products from our team, as well as an array of consumer products that come from any number of licensees. Great, big movie sized marketing campaign and a lot of excitement with a whole new core cast with lots of content to follow. In addition to that, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS has its live action film in production. Currently, the team is doing a tremendous job in delivering that film. That will be for first quarter 2023, and I've already seen the plan along with the team for consumer products and licensing were out to our global retailers and their entertainment councils. And it's really the shape of things to come as we activate more Hasbro IP and begin to take them into content, stand them up with great storytelling, and begin to activate them across the flywheel and the blueprint. Then of course, you're seeing Wizards really in the early stages of unlocking the opportunity there as we begin to achieve that doubling of the size of the business and start to set some new objectives and targets for that brand - those brands and that business as we go forward. So overall, this is a very good and important time for us. As we've said, we would return to growth, and it helps us to be as confident as we are in our full year goals and objectives as well as our medium range guidance that we provided.
Steph Wissink: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good morning and thanks for the questions. Wondering if we could dissect the Entertainment segment, as we think about the back half of the year a little bit here. Film and Entertainment, since you have two movies coming globally, and then you also have MY LITTLE PONY going to Netflix, and then I assume production deliveries are ramping. I imagine the Film and TV segment should be up nicely on a year-over-year basis. But when I look at the Family Brands line, first and second quarters were down year-over-year and still well below 2019 levels. Is that reflecting animated program deliverables? Is that a timing issue? Is that consumer products or can you help me understand that? And then I’ve got a follow up question.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, first, let me remind you that the Consumer Products revenues that were prior reported inside of eOne and moved over to the Consumer Products group. So what you're seeing now in eOne is the Family Brands revenues that comes from entertainment. If you take it in total, in fact, the Family Brands were up in the second quarter, if you look at like by PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS, and that's taken in total, where you have consumer products, plus entertainment coming from the two different divisions. As we look at Q3 and Q4, we do expect with production returning, we're seeing a great array of deliveries. We expect growth in Q3 and Q4 for the eOne business. We have a number of television series in production for delivery in Q3, and we also have a similar amount for Q4, including a new show for Showtime called Yellowjackets, that come from a way - movie that will be up here on Apple TV on the fall. The fourth season of the Rookie, as well as getting the Family Brands revenues for the new seasons of PEPPA, PJ, and we will get paid for the MY LITTLE PONY movie primarily in the third quarter as we deliver it to Netflix. So I'd say we have a very robust slate of entertainment coming, lots of Hasbro IP in development, and we're very excited about the return to growth for eOne as we had projected.
Eric Handler: Okay. Thanks. And then as a follow up, you did talk about MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena that launched on mobile did a little bit better than expected. I wonder if you could maybe talk a little bit about some of the key performance indicators, if not just for mobile, just in general for the digital business with Arena?
Brian Goldner: Sure. So if you look at Arena, it's up quite considerably year-over-year. And also, we're really seeing that sustained high level of hourly weeks, hours per week played, so about nine hours a week. And what I would tell you is that the KPIs, if we compare the KPIs of Magic Arena to other top mobile games, we are very competitive, on the comparisons. And it's really part of that virtual circle that we're seeing within the Magic business. Also just to remind you, as we think about the cadence for the full year, we have two major releases in Q3 and just one major release in Q4 this year. And a year ago, Magic's biggest quarter was Q3 followed by Q4. So we have seen great growth in Magic Arena, and we continue to see that where people are playing both Magic Arena and MAGIC: THE GATHERING that it's really adding to the engagement and players playing. And as we are seeing a return to more in-store and in-person play, that's also a tailwind to the business.
Eric Handler: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you. And good morning. So very strong set of results this morning. And it sounds as if full year top line guidance is unchanged. But was prior guidance including Music business and now it doesn't, which means underlying guide actually went up, could you clarify it? And then I have my main question.
Deb Thomas: Certainly. So as we look at the Entertainment business, we've said we believe that film and TV can get back to those 2019 levels. And if you look at Entertainment overall, we think all of our Entertainment segment can get back to about 2019 levels. The second half Music and I know - believe we said this last quarter, but if we didn't, we expect that Music business revenue to be reduced because it's no longer our business by about $60 million to $70 million and about $15 million to $20 million in operating profit over the course of the second half of 2021. So those are the levels that we're talking about.
Arpine Kocharyan: Okay. I was wondering on your Gaming business, is your margin guidance of 39% for the year largely unchanged? I guess what I'm trying to understand and to go back to an earlier question, to meet your operating profit guidance of around 15% for the back - for the full year, you know, back half doesn't need to be up more than 14.5% in terms of sort of overall operating profit margin. I guess, could you talk through some of the kind of puts and takes on how to think about it. It seems like the first half has been very strong, and some of that was front end loaded like the Gaming business, but how to think about the back half? Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Certainly. Well, as we talked a little bit about this earlier, but I can certainly add some more color. If you think about our Consumer Products business, while we see the Consumer Products Licensing business coming back, Arpine, as retail starts to open, you will also see some pressures on freight costs and moving things around. Now we've taken price increases for that. But you think about all the product that's kind of moving in the second half of the year. So if you go back and look over time, there are some pressures on certain of the quarters operating profit for that. When you think about the Entertainment business, as Brian mentioned, we're very excited for MY LITTLE PONY to launch on Netflix and be able to access all those subscribers. But with that comes the amortization of the cost of the film itself. So when you think about that, that's also going to be coming through in the second half of the year, as well as some of the other entertainment initiatives that we've talked about out there. Wizards, we said earlier in our prepared remarks, they actually outperformed our expectations for the first half of the year. We'll continue to have - or for the second quarter. We'll continue to have amortization of our administrative cost around amortization, depreciation of the games that we have, that are being launched out there in that as well. And that's why last year was just such an exceptional year for Wizards from an operating standpoint, we think that it will be closer to those 2019 levels than 2020 levels this year. So when you add all of that up, it's just those different puts and takes over the last part of - the latter part of the year is what gets us back to our operating profit guidance around the same levels as a year ago.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Drew Crum from Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Hey, guys. Good morning.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Drew Crum: So I think entering the year, the goal for Consumer Products was to grow revenues by mid single digits. That business is up more than 20% through the first half. And so for the math to work for the year, consumer products would need to be down low to mid single digits. Is that how we should be thinking about the business in the second half or is you’re outlook changed there. And then I guess, separately Brian, you mentioned the DARK ALLIANCE [indiscernible] your expectations, can you just discuss what happened there. And you know, in the past you've indicated that launching new titles was important doubling the size of Wizards. I mean it sounds like you're pacing ahead of that. Should we expect new titles to be similar in size, the DARK ALLIANCE going forward or more robust production budgets for new games? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So on - starting with D&D and the titles, we are going to have an array of new development in titles. Some come from third-parties like, Baldur's Gate, which has performed quite well, and we'll go wide [ph] in the next period, probably in 2022. We have a number of games that we have in development. Some will have more modest budgets and some have larger budgets as we continue to invest in digital. While the underlying games in D&D have really grown that Drew, and we're just seeing great play, both in face-to-face role playing, as well as digital role playing. It's really a new area for us as people are playing more online and really building that brand quite considerably. So again, we feel very good about the slate that we have coming up and the momentum we have in brands like Magic and Arena. And as we said, the launch of DARK ALLIANCE was really about listening to the players, giving them more of what they want, more downloadable content, more satisfactory, more immersive game play, and look, that's part of the process. And we're fully prepared to continue to invest behind the games. As we think about Consumer Products, clearly, for the year-to-date period, if you look at the industry data, it was up double digits, but in the second quarter, it was up single digits, clearly, Hasbro outperformed. And as we go forward, we'll have some different compares for Q3 and Q 4 last year as we began to return to greater levels of sales and being able to supply product. Remember, the big eight week wall of supply was from mid-March to about mid to end of May last year. So no, we do believe we can continue to see growth in our Consumer Products business. But taken in total, we are happy to reiterate our guidance for the full year, recognizing that there have been so many questions about the supply chain and about our ability to supply a product that we felt that we're able to supply product. We are able through an immense amount of work on behalf of the supply chain team to add ports, to add tactics and strategies, to add new ocean carriers and to achieve the objectives we set out for the company, which was growth across our business in each of the operating groups of the business. And ultimately, with the opportunity to achieve double-digit revenue growth for the full year.
Drew Crum: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hi, good morning. I guess I have a sort of a follow up to some of your prior comments. While you guys have made all these steps in sourcing and availability of products for the holiday season, how have the retailers worked with you to accept that product? I'm just thinking about working capital intensity over the back half of the year and whether or not that's going to escalate if Hasbro has to hold on to the inventory rather than maybe target a Walmart? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So let me comment, and then Deb can comment further on the cost side. From an execution side, what I'll tell you is our retailers have been incredible partners and not just in the United States where they're amazing partners, but around the world. We have been incredibly resourceful in finding several new ports and ways of bringing in product, working with our retailers. And the great news about our business and the categories where we're competing is they're in very high demand. And we are seeing that high demand with an array of new innovation, with entertainment returning not only for our portfolio, but also for the Marvel and Star Wars portfolio. The Princess business is performing very strongly. So our retailers are making good investments in these categories, where our consumers are purchasing incremental product and are certainly participating in toys and games sales across the board. So again, the fact that we have a very rich mix of new innovative product in our toy business, the NERF business was up considerably and up in every region, for example. The PLAY-DOH business was up and is a major contributor to the growth in the quarter. And the PLAY-DOH business was up, and we continue to see double-digit growth in our online and omnichannel business taken together. So again, the good news is we have categories of products that are in high demand with gamers and players, with families and fans engaging in our brands in an increasing manner. Deb, do you want to talk cost side?
Deb Thomas: Sure. We do expect, as Brian said, there is great demand for the products that they are bringing in. So as we bring it in and pass it through to our retailer as well, we had an exceptional - I will say, an exceptional DSO from a receivable standpoint this year. And so much of that was dependent on the mix of our revenue and when we shipped items in the quarter and the great work that our teams did on collection. So while I wouldn't expect our DSOs to be at the same level from an DSI standpoint, I do expect our inventory levels to still be in line. With reasonable amounts, our retail inventory is good. We've increased retail inventory in the places where we couldn't have inventory a year ago, we just couldn't get it and we couldn't ship it. So retailers were selling out of everything. So I think our inventory will be in good shape on our books. It will be in good shape on our retailer's books, I think our receivables will be in good shape. So we don't anticipate any unusual draws on our working capital for the full year. And in fact, we still expect our operating cash flows for the full year to be in that $6 to $750 million level for the full year, kind of getting back to that $1 billion level over the medium term.
Jaime Katz: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question
Fred Wightman: Hey. Guys, good morning. Maybe just a follow up on that last question. I know that we have seen some timing changes just given the FOB and domestic fulfillment a couple of years ago. Do you think that given the shipping environment today, we could see a similar type of timing shift from 3Q to 4Q or relatively steady to the past few years?
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Look, I think our first objective is to ensure that gamers and the people engaging in our toys and games business have the product that they're looking for and that our retailers have product to support these major initiatives that we have. I do believe that there could be some shifting between Q3 and Q 4. We're out to source product and to bring it in via any number of new carriers. The team secured more ports, and we've got more shipping lanes than we've had in the past. And so I'm going to be a little less focused on exactly where the inventories come in, but rather that we have the inventories to meet the demand that we need for the second half of the year, recognizing we also have a number of new entertainment initiatives, including the MY LITTLE PONY film, several from our partners at Marvel, additional Star Wars content coming for the second half of the year. Princess is performing at a very high level. And then, of course, we get into the holidays, and the team has an array of new games lined up there as well. So again, you're right, there could be some shifting around as - it's a little different than past years where direct import could play a bigger role than it has in the past. But again, working with our retailers around the world, we feel - most importantly, we want to meet the high demand.
Fred Wightman: Makes sense. And then just if we look at some of the language and the slides from this quarter, it looks like you guys are now saying you're tracking ahead of plan to double the Wizards business by '23. Is that really just the mobile launch? Is it some of the pent-up demand for the legacy card sets that you're seeing? And how do you sort of offset that with some of the supply constraints that you touched on in your prepared remarks?
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Let me comment on the supply a little bit first. What we just wanted to make sure again that people understood that while we were using certain printing expertise and capabilities, we had to expand our global footprint for capabilities because the brand is expanding, because gamers are increasingly discovering and re-discovering the brand, are playing at an increasing rate and are also sharing more, bringing in new players more than ever before. And I think the magic of Magic is that, in fact, it is that great flywheel where players play face-to-face and the card game that contributes to engagement that Magic Arena, as you know, has the release [ph] cadence that marries to the card releases of the analog game. And so again, they really contribute to one another, and they're synergistic with one another. It's not as if one detracts from the other or takes time away from the other. In fact, it just gives people more opportunity to play, and they play with different players, whether they're friends or acquaintances at a distance and they play in mobile and online, or whether they're playing face-to-face increasingly returning to our global hobby shops, which have performed quite well, thanks to our support and support of others through the pandemic.
Fred Wightman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Thank you so much for taking my questions. And congrats on the very strong trend. I have two questions. The first one, just to get a little more color on Wizards of the Coast expectation for the rest of the year, do you expect growth in both the third and the fourth quarter? Or are you seeing the back half is going to be up, depending on timing of releases?
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So it's a very good question. And look, let me walk you through a little bit of detail on that. So we have two major releases coming in Q3, one is called, The Adventures in the Forgotten Realms, and that's actually a very exciting set because it's a crossover with DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, and that will come out - actually just coming out about now. And then we have a second release in Innistrad coming in Q3. We have one major release for Q4. So as Deb indicated in her remarks, we expect to see that Wizards will continue to see some growth, but our big quarter for the year was Q2. And let me remind you, last year, Q3 was the largest quarter followed by Q4. So if there's a comparison challenge in revenues, and we don't yet know exactly where we'll end up, given the level of engagement that we're seeing in the brand right now, probably the most challenging comparison will be in Q4 relative to a year ago. But again, the momentum in the business remains. We are ahead of our plan to double the size of that business, and it will come down to what really takes place in the Q4 period.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That's very helpful. And then very quickly, I know it's probably a bit early, but are you seeing any benefit of the advanced tax credit payments that began in mid-July? Any benefits of that in your POS for the Consumer segment in the past couple of weeks?
Brian Goldner: What we're seeing is that consumers are very engaged in the products and categories that we're offering. We've also gone out, as we always do, and do a lot of proprietary insight work and research around our brands and categories. And we're seeing an increased and sustained level of commitment to our gaming business and game playing. People are very engaged. I think they have found gaming, again, for those who had played it more in the past or playing it more now, lots of families around the world who hadn't really discovered games or discovering games now. So I don't know that I can comment specifically on family budgets, but what I can say is that people are spending money in the Consumer Product categories that we're offering, from NERF to PLAY-DOH to Playskool [ph] to our partner brands in Marvel, Star Wars and Princess and of course, several other brands in the portfolio.
Tami Zakaria: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Ng: Great. Thank you for the question. I just have two. One is a follow up in - on MTG Arena. Could you talk a little bit about where we are in the point of life cycle there? Is it still loss making and spending heavily on user acquisition? Or is it approaching profitability? When would you expect it to do so? And then could you talk a little bit about what you expect to see as the long-term mix as it relates to mobile versus PC? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, Magic Arena is profitable. But obviously, as Deb described, with the cost that we amortized, profitability is below the analog business. And that's why if you look at the blended mix, the operating margin for the year, on average comes down a little bit as digital enters more of the mix of offerings. But again, long-term, as you pay for the initial development, as you pay for your marketing campaigns, you start to get more and more of the benefit of the underlying and consistent game play, and that's what we're seeing in Arena. So it's a profitable part of the business. Obviously has some costs associated with it. The analog card business does not bear. I don't know, Deb, if you want to comment further on that. And then as we go forward, I would also say digital is going to be a growing part of the business, but I also expect, and we're seeing it, that the analog businesses for both D&D and for Magic continue to grow. So perhaps the universe continues to grow, and therefore, as a percent of total digital increases, but maybe by not as much as one would expect. The other thing to note is that within D&D, there's this digital role playing area that we're really investing in. And so it's kind of a partially analog, partially digital and we think this is a great opportunity for the brand as we go forward. So we're charting a course beyond doubling the size of the business. It will include a good array and a very robust slate of new digital games coming at different price points. It will also include both first party games, as well as third party games. We're lining up some great studios to produce games for us as well with our teams embedded with them to ensure just great game play and brand continuity. But Deb, do you want to comment?
Deb Thomas: Yeah. I was going to say, and which is fantastic. And you're actually seeing that in the results of the numbers as well. So if you think about what we've had capitalized, we've got about - from a digital gaming standpoint, we have similar levels to what we had at year end. So we've obviously depreciated some and added some to that. And within the results of the segment, we see it all lift up, right. So we see a lift - a lot in digital. And you're seeing that amortization, that user acquisition, those costs within the results of the segment.
Mike Ng: Great. Thank you, both. And I was just wondering if you might be able to provide us with a little bit more detail around how you're thinking about the holiday, lots of factors to think about. I think you talked about some of the shifting in delivery dates, the pricing. Can you talk a little bit about the magnitude of that price increase? And how we should think about how it flows through and obviously, some of the input cost inflation? Any additional color there would be really helpful. Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Sure. I'll comment, and then Deb, she also talk a bit about this. What we really are seeing, obviously, is early on we saw a necessity to raise prices as we saw the steps the team was needing to take in supply chain and logistics in order to execute our year. And that's very consistent with so many consumer product categories across the board where we're seeing the snapback in demand in this transitory return to try to find production and capabilities. I think the holiday should be incredibly good, and very, very solid with great new innovations coming from several of our brands. We have big launches coming in the second half of the year from the MY LITTLE PONY. New line-up behind the brand new film and new cast [ph] to several of our partner brands, PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS, an array of new games and again, lots of new innovation and new game and toy to play for global consumers. Deb, I don't know if you want to comment further on the cost side on the second half?
Deb Thomas: Sure, absolutely. What we talked earlier about ocean freight in some of our prepared remarks, and we're seeing those costs are over four times higher than what we had been experiencing earlier in the - you know, earlier or last year even. So we expect a lot of those costs to continue. However, as Brian said, the team is doing just a tremendous job, actually getting the product, and that's what's important, right. So we expect between that and some increased input costs you know, that our gross margin - we continue to expect our gross margin to be slightly down from a year ago. And just as a reminder, that's cost of sales, plus program amortization because we're in the great situation that we can actually provide content now and release things theatrically. So we expect that program amortization to go up as well. But between cost of sales and that, we do expect our gross margin to be slightly down from a year ago, but we do expect the price increases that we've taken to offset our increased costs.
Mike Ng: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey, good morning. Two questions. First, I was hoping you could break down Wizards between digital and physical, that would be really helpful, if you could. And then on the Consumer Products side, what were the average price increases that you're putting in, in the back half? If you could quantify what that is? And with your own inventory down 11%, is that sufficient? I guess it is sufficient to hit your goals in the back half, but how are those shifts in fulfillment between FOB and domestic affecting you as well? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So clearly, both digital and analog are contributing to the growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and digital role playing with D&D as well. We don't really break down those categories within those brands. But suffice it to say, we're seeing very strong growth on both sides. As we look at the second half of the - if we look at the second half of the year, you're right, we're going to see additional shifting between FOB and domestic shipments. We're working with our global retail partners on what that will exactly look like. But because of the demand in the product categories that we are offering, we have a lot of great partnership and we do expect that we'll get our products to market recognize that the price increases we're taking will cover the incremental costs that we're experiencing. And those cost increases are around the world, and they will be a little different in each of the regions, just depending on foreign exchange and the way that they will hit the P&L. But they're just intended to cover our cost increases, to maintain our gross margins and to hit the operating margin that we believe we can achieve for the full year.
Gerrick Johnson: So would perhaps 10% be a good number there?
Brian Goldner: I won't provide guidance, but I think I would just say that's a bit high.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Thank you…
Deb Thomas: I would say that's a bit high as well, Brian.
Gerrick Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Devin Brisco with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Devin Brisco: Thanks for the question. In the back half of the year as you start to bring PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS product in-house, how should we think about the initial impact to operating margins, as licensing revenue is replaced with revenue that represents full ownership, alongside associated upfront investment in tooling? And my second question related to that, is what is the long-term margin potential for those brands? And how much of the product that's currently being licensed, can you or do you plan to bring in in-house over time?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, both PEPPA and PJ have very strong operating margins on the Consumer Product side, very consistent with our Consumer Products licensing business. And the product they're offering, in many ways, is both the categories that had been offered, but also a lot of incremental product categories, and yet we're also maintaining our Consumer Products licensees. So I would expect perhaps about - over time, about 80% of the product lines of PEPPA and PJ to be inside, but with another 20% continuing to be licensed in those categories with additional Consumer Products licensing opportunities. PEPPA and PJ enjoy on our P&L, the Consumer Products P&L, enjoy Hasbro high teens operating profit margin. So on average, higher than company average operating margins, which is very consistent with Hasbro IP on the toy and game side and then obviously, much higher on the Consumer Product side. I don't know, Deb, if you want to add anything else relative to the plan?
Deb Thomas: I think we had talked about this year that just based on, as Brian said, this year, we'll be ramping the lines, and we expect about maybe $78 million [ph] to $85 million of impact to revenue for the full year based on what we're going to launch, but really growing that and growing up to that 80% of the in-source line by 2022. So with the revenue ramping with product as we go forward and margins close to our franchise brands, we're really excited about the future of PEPPA and PJ. And we'll continue to work with some of our great licenses. - licensees that do a terrific job out there as well.
Devin Brisco: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question is coming from the line of Shawn Collins of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Shawn Collins: Great, thanks. Good morning, Brian and Deb. How you’re well? My question is on expectations for Consumer Products in 3Q. As we emerge from the pandemic, at least in the US and the developed world, people are likely to travel more and get out of their houses. And more importantly, it looks like this August and September we should have a back-to-school experience. There are some toy buyers that we talk to and think this could result in industry retail sales in 3Q being flat year-over-year and then bouncing back for the usual 4Q holiday season. Can you comment on any expectations around 3Q retail performance? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Well, look, let me give you - most notably, as we've come through what we call the COVID wall those eight weeks, where there were very strong sell-through, but our inability to supply product in Q2. What we're seeing in the last four weeks, and you take our North American business, for example, our POS was up 11%. Our games business was up in the high teens. We're seeing good growth in regions like Latin America. We have a lot of new initiatives coming for that period of Q3, lots of new product associated with MY LITTLE PONY, as well as our partner brands and a whole new line-up for NERF in the Elite and the Ultra lines. So again, we believe we can grow and we said in line or ahead of the industry because of our innovation, storytelling and content and commerce. And so I won't comment specifically on Q3, except to say, we expect that we'll have a very good year in consumer products. We have the innovation and the strong product line-up to achieve our objectives. I'm again, believing and seeing what consumers are doing. And they really are participating in the categories. If you look at kids and preschool, if you look at older kids with our NERF business, if you look at still older kids and young adults into our games business like Magic and D&D, we're seeing great engagement and we would expect that to continue.
Shawn Collins: Great. Thank you for the timing. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob. And thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours, and management's prepared remarks will be posted on the website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you to our participants. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Hasbro’s First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, Hasbro’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company’s performance. Then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our Annual Report on form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. The first quarter was an excellent start to the year, with growth in both sell in and point of sale for our Consumer Products segment; robust engagement from gamers driving double-digit growth in the Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming segment; and we remain on track to deliver our full year expected revenue growth in Entertainment. I want to recognize and thank the Hasbro employees around the world who continue to work through a pandemic and we’re able to deliver such a high-quality quarter with revenue momentum, profit improvement and strong cash generation. This quarter marked the first with our new reporting segment structure, which provides a clearer view of the drivers of Hasbro revenues, profit, margin and cash generation. As we shared at our investor event in February, our Brand Blueprint succeeds as we create value from our three businesses; Hasbro Consumer Products, including toys and games; Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming; and Entertainment. Each has a growth plan that drives that segment, but also drives growth across Hasbro. Our teams and expanding capabilities are enabling us to unlock the full potential of our brands and company. Deb will speak to the quarterly segment performance in more detail shortly. It is clear our unique portfolio of brands and capabilities is driving long-term, sustainable profitable and cash generative growth while we invest to build bigger, better brands across a much bigger universe that includes toys and games, but also spans digital gaming and entertainment revenues. With double-digit year-over-year growth in both Consumer Products and Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming these businesses are up nearly 20% from the first quarter 2019, pre-COVID. Importantly, the quality of this growth is impressive as we have added $120 million in operating profit dollars between the two segments. We continue to see consumers choosing Hasbro brands as evidenced by the 9% point of sale growth globally and nearly 20% point of sale increase in the U.S. This does not reflect most of MAGIC: THE GATHERING or DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and does not yet reflect Hasbro’s line of PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS toys and games. Hasbro Franchise Brands revenue increased 24%, with gains in MAGIC: THE GATHERING, PLAYDOH, NERF, TRANSFORMERS and BABY ALIVE. NERF revenue increased in all regions with high-single digit POS led by the U.S. and Europe. Innovation for consumers of all ages is driving this growth, including Dinosquad, which released in March, Elite 2.0 and our high-performance Ultra line, which have now fully set around the world, continued strength in our licensed Fortnite business and the March launch of the Rival Curve Shot. We have more innovation coming with the NERF Hyper line and the newly announced NERF Roblox for fans of the massively popular game. TRANSFORMERS revenue growth was led by gains in the U.S. and Asia Pacific, and global point of sale was up nearly 40%. Innovation and storytelling are central to driving TRANSFORMERS and the eOne team is expanding the reach and relevance of the brand through world class entertainment across platforms and demographics. We delivered our latest War For Cybertron content in partnership with Netflix on December 30 supported by new products that drove first quarter’s performance. War for Cybertron Chapter 3 will be airing this summer and, in partnership with Paramount, the next feature in the theatrical TRANSFORMERS franchise is slated for 2022. TRANSFORMERS continued to be the top brand performer on Hasbro Pulse in the first quarter delivering the much anticipated HasLab Unicron. The brand kept the momentum to start Q2. In partnership with Robosen, during Hasbro Pulse Fan Fest earlier this month, we unveiled a $700 Auto-Converting Optimus Prime Robot, which sold out in pre-sale in less than 10 hours. Ecomm revenues increased 70% in the quarter. COVID continues to shift consumer shopping behaviors accelerating the shift to digital for Hasbro, our pure play ecomm retailers, and our omni-channel retailers as supported by their investments in technologies and services like curb side pickup. For the quarter, revenue in the total gaming category including MAGIC and MONOPOLY increased 7% as gaming continued to be a focal point for players, consumers and retailers. Throughout last year robust demand drove high point of sale and revenue growth. In the Consumer Products segment, this surge in gaming demand began around week 12 of last year. If we look at the U.S. this year, heading into that same week our games point of sale was up more than 30%. Once we hit week 12, point of sale slowed. Despite the tough comparison, underlying game demand is healthy and point of sale is more than 30% higher than 2019 pre-COVID levels. We have many new games both this spring and for the holiday and availability of classic games to continue meeting the high levels of gaming demand. Within Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS both posted double-digit revenue increases. Fueling this growth is both tabletop and physical play as well as the team’s continued expansion in digital. MAGIC was up against an exceptionally good first quarter shipment number last year. Based on release strength and timing, we continue to expect the second quarter to be the biggest for MAGIC and Wizards this year. Arena revenue was also higher, including a late first quarter release on mobile. DUNGEONS & DRAGONS licensed digital gaming revenue also increased. Dark Alliance is slated for release in June and the game is receiving positive early buzz. Partner Brand revenues grew 3%, behind strong growth in Hasbro products for Star Wars as well as continued strength in products for The Mandalorian; as well as growth in Marvel led by momentum in the Spider-Man franchise across all consumer segments and new products for Marvel Studios’ The Falcon and The Winter Soldier unveiled at quarter end that will be fully distributed in the second quarter. Shifting to our Entertainment business, our eOne team has more than 200 projects in development across TV, film and animation, featuring more than 30 Hasbro IPs. As we spoke to earlier this year, we had theatrical revenues in the first quarter last year, but do not this year due to COVID-related closures. We are also planning for television deliveries to be later this year versus last. We remain on track for our target to reach 2019 TV and Film revenue levels this year. With our partners at Paramount, the GI JOE Snake Eyes movie release is now set for July 23 and the brand team continues to drive engagement and demand with fans through product and events including our Pulse initiatives. The eOne team is also shepherding the relaunch of MY LITTLE PONY with new content across digital and broadcast networks, with Pony Life, and the release of the CG Animated film on Netflix this September. We are currently in pre-production for the Dungeons & Dragons live-action feature, with a new release date of March 3, 2023 and an amazingly talented cast and crew. During the quarter the team wrapped principal production on two films, All the Old Knives and Arthur the King, and are currently in post-production on both. In scripted TV, Cruel Summer completed filming and premiered last week on Freeform and we continued deliveries of Season 3 of The Rookie. In unscripted, we have a robust slate of shows in Canada, the U.S., and the UK underway, with more than 40 active productions. We announced yesterday an agreement to sell the eOne music business for $385 million. We continue to focus on the core strategic elements of our Brand Blueprint as a play and entertainment company. While we plan to continue working with the music group including music supervision and music rights exploitation across several brands, music was not the primary driver of our acquisition of eOne. This transaction will allow the team to continue investing to grow and unlock value for its many talented artists and partners. I want to recognize the leadership of Chris Taylor, his dedicated team and the entire organization. We thank them for their countless contributions and look forward to working with them on various projects well into the future. We plan to use the net proceeds from the sale to accelerate deleveraging and for general corporate purposes. The first quarter’s results are a good start toward achieving our target of double-digit revenue growth this year. The team did an excellent job delivering profit growth, strong cash generation, paying our dividend and reducing our debt profile. We have tremendous innovation and content coming this year and we look forward to sharing more details as the year progresses.  I’ll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. We began 2021 with a very good first quarter, which demonstrates the strength of our portfolio, our focus on driving profitable revenue growth and progress toward our commitment to strengthening our balance sheet as our goal remains to return to our stated target of two to two and a half times debt to EBITDA. Revenue grew 1%, including a positive $18 million impact from foreign exchange. Adjusted operating profit grew 15%; adjusted EBITDA increased 24%; and adjusted earnings per share were $1. Our continued focus on working capital was evident. We generated operating cash flow of $378 million and ended the quarter with $1.43 billion in cash, after paying off $300 million in debt, which was due in May and paying our quarterly dividend. Receivables declined with improved collections and the quality of receivables improved. DSO was 66 days versus 79 last year. Inventory was also down, decreasing 7% absent FX. We remain in a very healthy financial position as we invest to profitably grow. As Brian mentioned, this is the first quarter we have reported under our new operating segments. Consumer Products segment revenues grew 14% behind growth in Franchise Brands, Emerging Brands and Partner Brands. Hasbro Gaming, excluding MAGIC and MONOPOLY, was down just slightly versus the difficult comparison with last year’s strong performance. Revenue grew in each geographic region, led by the U.S. and Europe, along with growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Retail inventories declined in most markets, including the U.S. and Latin America, and the quality of inventory is good. Licensed consumer products revenue also increased in the quarter with strong demand for our brands. Foreign exchange had a favorable $9 million impact on the segment. Operating profit for the segment increased $42 million on higher revenue somewhat offset by increases in royalties and advertising as well as higher freight costs. Profit was up throughout the segment, with North America, Europe and Latin America contributing the most to profit improvements. Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming segment revenues gained 15% in the quarter. Both major brands in the segment, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS contributed to growth. Foreign exchange had a favorable $4 million impact. Operating profit grew with higher revenue, which was partially offset by increased product development, as previously capitalized digital game development is now being expensed, as well as higher advertising spend to support the mobile launch of Magic Arena and the upcoming launch of Dark Alliance. Operating profit margin was essentially flat, but we expect the expense cadence to impact future quarters more significantly. Entertainment segment revenues declined 32%, primarily due to the TV and Film business. Foreign exchange had a favorable $5 million impact in the quarter. As Brian discussed and we shared with you earlier in the year, the comparison to last year when theaters were open was challenging. Given the nature of entertainment delivery timing, we’ll have revenue variances quarter-to-quarter, but our full-year plan remains to deliver double-digit growth in the segment, beginning with growth in the second quarter. Operating profit declined on lower revenue, but lower program amortization and advertising contributed to higher operating profit margin for the segment. Our cash spend on content across scripted and unscripted live action, animated TV and film is planned to be in the range of $675 million to $750 million for the full year. In the first quarter, we spent approximately $147 million of that plan. Looking at our overall Hasbro P&L, gross margin, including cost of sales and program amortization, increased 90 basis points. This improvement resulted from a reduction in program amortization as a percent of revenue, the favorable impact of growth in Wizards and fewer close out sales. Cost of sales increased both in dollars and as a percentage of revenue, including higher freight costs as we spoke to earlier this year. Freight capacity continues to be very limited and more expensive across all markets. We have been actively managing transportation to minimize the impact. This includes using more air freight at a higher cost than our initial plan. In addition to higher freight costs, we, like most other companies, have seen significant increases in resin, packaging material and metal prices. We are proactively mitigating such cost pressures with our vendors, but the trends have accelerated in recent months. We have covered this increase year-to-date, but recently communicated to our customers’ price increases for Hasbro toy and game products to help further mitigate the higher input costs. Product development increased 60 basis points reflecting ongoing digital gaming investments. Magic Arena on mobile was the first of several games scheduled for release this year, with additional games slated for release in future periods. Advertising declines were driven by lower promotional spend at eOne due to lack of theatrical releases this quarter. We increased advertising spending at Wizards in support of digital gaming launches and increased advertising in the Consumer Products segment. SD&A included higher freight and warehousing costs along with higher stock compensation and phased bonus expense, partially offset by declines from cost savings and integration initiatives. During the second quarter, based on the value allocated to the eOne music business at purchase, we anticipate recording a non-cash, pre-tax loss of approximately $125 million to $135 million from the sale. This amount includes expected transaction costs. The first quarter underlying tax rate was 19.5% and based on currently enacted tax law, we expect our underlying tax rate for 2021 to be approximately 21% or slightly higher, excluding the amortization of the eOne acquisition intangible. Other income, net was $30.1 million. This includes a $25.6 million gain, or $0.19 per share, from a legal settlement realized in the first quarter of this year. Adjusting for that gain, other income was slightly lower year-over-year. We are very pleased with the quality of the first quarter and how it positions us to deliver our plan for the year. The team has continued to navigate the ongoing impacts of the pandemic to deliver strong results for the business while managing the health, safety and well-being of our employees. Our plans are in place to continue innovating, continue telling compelling stories, and continue creating the experiences that bring people together to drive our business in 2021 and beyond. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Ng: Great. Thank you very much for the question, and good morning. I just have two. First, could you talk a little bit more about the TV deliveries that are happening at eOne in the second half? Any sense of major shows that should be bigger contributors to revenue? And then second, given the strong margin performance in the quarter, could you talk about your current expectations for EBIT margins for the full year? Thank you very much.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Good morning, Mike. On the first question, we’re really seeing an array of TV series that are in production for eOne as well as a number of films. We talked about that on our prepared remarks. And we’re beginning those deliveries, including The Rookie, Cruel Summer, which we just launched on Freeform, a couple of films and increasing television deliveries throughout the year. In fact, by Q2, we expect to see the growth that we’ve been talking about. And our expectation for the full year remains the same, which is the Entertainment business should grow double digits in revenue and return on television and film revenues to the levels that we saw back in 2019. As we move beyond that, as we look at long-term plans, we clearly believe in the continued growth of eOne’s business over the longer term, and we’re really seeing the Hasbro IP begin to take hold. In fact, right now, we’re already on preproduction with a planned launch of production in the next few months on the D&D, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS film. We’ve got TRANSFORMERS both television and film, MY LITTLE PONY. This feature animated CG film comes out in September on Netflix. POWER RANGERS, we have both the TV series and film that we’ll talk about going to a platform very shortly. We also have some great creative stewards on a brand like Risk that will be coming in a future period. So the Hasbro IPs are being actively developed in the television and films well under production. We do continue to use COVID protocols right now, and we believe those will dissipate as the situation continues to get better. But we feel very good about the Entertainment business for 2021 and beyond.
Deb Thomas: And as far as our EBIT margins, I mean, the first quarter is generally a smaller quarter. At this point, we don’t see anything that changes our full-year outlook. Our demand has been strong, and we have positive trends in Consumer Products and whether it’s in Digital Gaming business, and Brian just talked about entertainment. So, we’re confident that, that segment can continue to deliver as well into together. We can – it can all deliver double-digit revenue growth for us for the year. But as we said in February, we’re targeting operating margins in line with our last year’s adjusted level of around 15%. Demand has been strong and that helped support it, but the impact of freight and input cost increases has become more pronounced over the past several months. And we do have plans in place to help mitigate those costs, including price increases for the second half of the year, and we’re actively working with our vendors, suppliers and customers. So for this full year, our plans continue to show that we should be in line with operating margins around last year’s adjusted level of 15%.
Mike Ng: Great. Thank you, Brian. Thank you, Deb.
Brian Goldner: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Thank you very much and good morning. Wonder if you could talk a little bit about the video game business at the moment, particularly MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena mobile launch. Maybe you could talk – give a little bit of color about how just many downloads occurred, maybe the global representation there and how much it’s potentially expanding the funnel of players? And then secondly, it looks like the hot new consumer product out there is NFTs. And given that you have a lot of collectible business, have you thought much about what might make sense in the NFT business?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Let me start by talking a bit about Wizards and Digital Gaming, and we’ll begin with Magic Arena. We have really seen an acceleration of Magic Arena in the first quarter. We went to full mobile launch just at the end of the quarter at March 25. It’s available both on Android and iOS, and Arena is up 24% versus a year ago, where we’ve now seen about 3.5 billion games played collectively since the beginning in the launch. The average per hour use and gameplay for the week is now back to trending at nine hours per week. As you know, we’re launching a whole array of card sets that are also simultaneously for MAGIC analog and digital. And we really saw great success in the first quarter around Kaldheim. In fact, that launch, which is early February was the biggest winter set of all time for MAGIC, and Time Spiral was also in the quarter, and that was also very successful. As we move forward now with Magic Arena up on both iOS and Android, we’ll now be entering second quarter, in fact, just launching in April, on the 23rd, Strixhaven, which is a brand-new world for MAGIC: THE GATHERING; the big new card release that will come in June, Modern Horizons, will really drive Q2’s business, and there’s a lot of excitement around that. And then by July, we have another release coming for the brand. So, we’re really seeing an acceleration of downloads. In fact, it’s as good or even better than the team had anticipated. People are really enjoying the play, it’s translated very well to the mobile format, and we’ll continue to monitor and look at what appears to be an accelerating MAGIC business. The NFT is a real opportunity for us. As you know, we have so many brands that really operate on multiple demographic levels, whether it’s TRANSFORMERS or the MAGIC and D&D brands, brands like G.I. Joe. And we have a team that’s leading our effort out of the West Coast. We have our arms around this and see multiple opportunities on the NFT side, and you’ll hear more about that as we move forward. But we are actively developing our opportunity here, and we do see it as substantial.
Eric Handler: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Steph Wissink: I just had a couple of housekeeping questions. Deb, this one is for you. I think you mentioned in your remarks on Wizards that some expense cadence is going to impact future quarters more significantly and, I think, Brian, you mentioned Q2 was going to be the biggest quarter. Just hoping – wondering if you can help us think up expenses and revenues in the Wizards business. And then, Brian, on your comment on the Entertainment business growing back to that 2019 level for the year, can you help us think about the cadence by quarter? I just want to make sure that we’re thinking through puts and takes the pro rata kind of through the balance of the year or is there going to be some higher and lower quarters as we think about Q2 versus Q3 and Q4? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Sure. So, I’ll start, and then I’ll let Deb comment on your question. So, as we look at eOne throughout the year, we’ve said Q2, we expect to see growth, and we’re seeing our deliveries really come in. I think Q3, that will accelerate and then Q4, we’ll see how many additional deliveries come in Q4 or whether certain episodes get delivered in the first quarter of 2022. But again, for the full year, we have a plan in place that gets us double-digit revenue growth, very robust sales. The teams executed across multiple platforms and productions. And increasingly, Hasbro IP comes into the mix. There’s a number of unscripted shows for Hasbro IP that we didn’t mention but are also under way. And so we feel very good about that business. We had also said that all along that in Q1 a year ago, we were still receiving theatrical revenues, and it happened to be a very big theatrical quarter for us. And clearly, just given the timing of closures, we would be up against those revenues this year. And we had mentioned that in our Investor Day as well as in our first quarter conference call. So again, the team is doing an excellent job that are really engaged in developing Hasbro IP and delivering a whole array of very entertaining shows and upcoming movies for the marketplace.
Deb Thomas: As far as the cadence of Wizards, you’re right, Steph, it’s the varying nature of the set releases really does impact the shipments for year-over-year trends. And the release cadence this year gives us an expectation that the second quarter will be the biggest quarter of the year, it’s our current expectation anyway, of the year for Wizards. So, Q1 of last year had some revenues pulled forward to avoid COVID logistical issues, but they – obviously, they comp very well because of the strength of releases. The momentum is there and the spring set timing will be in Q2 of this year versus Q1 of last year. So that, with some incremental game launches in the second quarter, which don’t have a comp on the digital side, that’s what kind of gives us the belief of the second quarter being higher than the other quarters. And so that if we look back on that business, we can see it fluctuates from time to time. And the digital revenue, and as that ramps, will have the depreciation that goes with that. So while Arena, we started to have – Arena mobile, we started to have some expense in the first quarter, you’ll see a bit more of that ramping with those digital games being developed. And that’s why we continue to believe that full year operating profit margin that segment is expected to be more in line with the 2019 levels for the full year of 38.7% versus the 46.4% than we had last year.
Steph Wissink: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Berenberg Capital. Please proceed with your question.
David Beckel: Hey, thanks a lot for the questions. I have two, if I could. First one, just on Arena or MAGIC in general, I guess really impressive growth, obviously, from Arena in the quarter. I’m curious, do you have the data sets of – capable of giving you a holistic picture of your player base? I’m curious more specifically if that growth is coming at the expense of tabletop or if you’re actually expanding the market base, and whether or not you expect mobile to further expand the market base. That’s my first question.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Sure. So in fact, you’re right. The Magic Arena had historically been expanding. It’s accelerating in that effort. In fact, analog tabletop has performed incredibly well. And let me remind you that the analog and the tabletop business is performing incredibly well while people can’t get together locally in their local favorite hobby shops or local gaming shops to play the game. In fact, about a year ago, and if you looked at the hobby shops, you would have seen about 40% of global hobby shops had some capability to fulfill for either curbside pickup or some kind of e-com. And today, that’s well over 80%, and we’ve tried to help foster those capabilities and building card sets and releases that would be enabling this local hobby shops to really participate. But we do expect an additional tailwind on the analog business when we’re starting to see that as markets begin to reopen and people can begin to get back together again. And so that’s obviously a major contributor to people is being able to play and also the opportunity to continue to share an individual gamer’s passion with new gamers to the game. People get invited to come along and learn how to play MAGIC all the time. So yes, it’s expansive. No, there is no cannibalization. And then in fact, Magic Arena is just allowing people to play at a distance who had never been able to be able reconnect with friends or family before and not necessarily be in their neighborhood. So all a net positive.
David Beckel: That’s really helpful. And just a question on the Music deal. Can you – more housekeeping in nature. Can you give us the net proceed amount from that deal? I realize it was sold at a loss and maybe there’s a tax benefit. And then also what the financial impact of the divestiture will be for the – for like on a full year basis?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So in fact, the business was not sold at a loss. We, in fact, sold the business on a multiple basis far over what we had paid for it. So obviously, before we – or as we were acquiring eOne, we assigned certain values to certain elements of the business, music, television, film, other goodwill, and that was back in late 2019. And so there’s a book loss, just a true-up book loss that comes as a result of the proceeds that we received from the acquisition, but we feel very good about the sale. And it was, on a multiple basis, far ahead of what we paid for it. I don’t know if you want to comment, Deb.
Deb Thomas: As far as the impact on the full year, it’s not expected to be material. As we said, we expect the deal to close in the second quarter – or late in the second quarter, early in the third quarter. We would expect at that point it would reduce revenues by approximately $60 million to $70 million and maybe $15 million to $20 million in operating profit, so not material in the second half of 2021.
David Beckel: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could comment on POS. Q1 was pretty strong across the board, helped somewhat by Easter. But do you have any color on what POS is doing into April, now that we’re comping very – sort of tough comparisons from COVID boost last year? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, what we’ve seen is continued strength. Obviously, if you look at the games business, and I described this a bit in the remarks, our games business up until week 12 was up 30%. And then obviously, we hit where COVID really accelerated a year ago, and so games finished the quarter at minus 5% in POS. However, underlying POS during this period is still up 30% versus the 2019 pre-COVID level. So, we’re still seeing that robust gaming demand. Secondly, our toy business POS has been incredibly strong through this period and double digits up for – post Q1. The other thing that’s really important to note is that this is a period of time where we can actually supply product whereas a year ago, the POS was being generated from inventories retailers had on hand as our games factories in Massachusetts and Ireland had been closed for eight weeks. So, we now were able to supply demand. We weren’t able to supply a year ago. And similarly, supply chain disruptions had caused us to be unable to supply product during Q2 last year. Despite good strong POS, it was really coming from inventories on hand more than our ability to replenish. So, we’re seeing Q2 shape up quite well from a demand perspective. And also early on, I’ll comment from our shipments perspective. We are really seeing continued strength around the product categories. Growth in our franchise brands has really been robust around the world. In North America, Franchise Brands in Q1 grew 37%. We’re really seeing our Partner Brands grow, our e-com POS was up 34% in the first quarter with even higher numbers for several brands. Disney Princess was incredibly strong with POS up more than 60% in the first quarter, and that’s continuing as the team has launched a whole array of new innovative products. So again, it’s going to be a bit of a strange comparison on POS in Q2 as compared to a year ago, but the ability to supply product against real demand is very evident, and we’re executing on that.
Arpine Kocharyan: That’s super helpful. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up. Have your expectations changed at all for what volume under Peppa and PJ you could sort of vertically integrate in the second half of the year?
Brian Goldner: No. In fact, I would say we’re as confident or even more confident. The teams have done an incredible job of working with our global retailers and selling in an array of new really inventive product. Season 9 of Peppa is really proceeding. There’s a whole line of new content coming, and I don’t want to give anything away to the fans, but including a trip to the United States for the family and a lot of product around all that and the play patterns. And really it’s just so cute and inventive. So no, we feel very good. Peppa and PJ both will have around 50 SKUs each this holiday and then we’ll continue to accelerate in 2022 as we have new products coming in that year as well.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, thank you so much for taking my first question. So my first question is, do you still expect advertising expense to be 9% to 9.5% for the year, given the first quarter was light? And how should we think about this line for the rest of the year?
Deb Thomas: Hi, good morning, Tami. I think we do still expect advertising to be right around that 8% to 9% of revenue level. It was light in the first quarter, not because of Consumer Products and Wizards and Digital Gaming because we had increased advertising in those particular segments. It really was because of entertainment and not having the theatrical launches that we had a year ago when we were out promoting those lines. So that’s really why you’re seeing the impact. But for a full year basis, we still expect to be in that 8% to 9% of revenue range.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. 8% to 9%, got it. That’s very helpful. And then along the same lines, I think your cost of sales, excluding production cost amortization, saw about 220 basis points of deleverage in the first quarter. Do you expect that trend to continue for the rest of the year or should it be lower given you have announced price increases to your clients – consumers?
Deb Thomas: Yes. So we did see that impact, you’re correct, in the first quarter. And today, we’ve been able to mitigate and absorb the increases that you’re seeing in freight there as well as the product costs, but they have become more pronounced. But in addition to our efforts, we do have to increase prices. In fact, in the second half of the year to help mitigate those rising costs. So as of right now, with blending all of that together, we do expect that, we should be able to mitigate those increases at present.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. So the first quarter is really sort of the trough. That’s the highest headwind you probably saw, and it should get better throughout the rest of the year. Is that how we should be thinking about it?
Deb Thomas: I think we’re seeing continued pressures, but we have plans to mitigate with price increases in the second half of the year.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Brian, as it relates to consumer products, do you have any insight into how retailers are planning the holiday shopping season this year? It seemed to start much earlier last year. Are you anticipating a similar shape this year or do we return to pre-COVID-19 behavior on the part of retailers? And then separately for Deb, in the press release last night, you mentioned plans to accelerate deleveraging with the sale of the Music business. Can you give a little more detail around that? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Sure. What we’re seeing around the world, and we were – it’s really great to see the growth in every region around the world for the Consumer Products business, including a real return to growth in the Europe, in Asia Pacific and Latin America in addition to very strong growth in demand in the U.S. As we look at our retailers’ plans, it’s clear that these are categories that are important – increasingly this important to retail. The growth and robust sales increases we’re seeing across our business are really important again to the consumer. So, what we’re going to see, we believe, is a number of very big promotional windows that will occur in the summertime. A few of our major retailers, already lining up around those kinds of plans and then additional opportunities and big promotional windows occurring at the beginning of Q4. So I would say it’s multiple at best for big promotional windows that will begin early but also continue and accelerate during Q4, so the holiday period. And we’re really seeing that from several different categories of retailing and our major retailers.
Deb Thomas: Right. And as far as the net proceeds, as we said, we expect the deal to close late in the second quarter, perhaps early in the third quarter and we do anticipate using the proceeds to de-lever. As you recall, we structured the debt at the eOne deal, so we could prepay several components of it with no penalties. And our expectation is that we will – you will see something likely around that time frame or shortly thereafter.
Drew Crum: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Good morning. Thank you. I have two questions. I promise to be quick. First, you mentioned that retail inventory is down in most markets. Where was it up, and by how much and why? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Retail inventory is up a little bit with our Wizards business, and it’s up a little bit in our games business. But these are very, very small increases. I would say, overall, inventory is either kind of in line with a year ago or slightly below. And it’s just where we have increasing demand and sales.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Got it. And just to clarify, last time you said that all three segments were expected to grow revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EBITDA. Is that still the case?
Brian Goldner: It is. In fact, the performance in the first quarter makes us even more confident in our ability to execute a very good year, and the team is performing at a very high level. So yes, we feel very confident about the guidance that we had provided earlier this year.
Gerrick Johnson: All right. Fantastic. Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Fred Wightman: Hey, guys. Good morning. I just wanted to follow up on Brian’s restocking comments. Are you comfortable with where retail inventories are overall today or are you seeing POS constrained in any way as a result of channel inventories?
Brian Goldner: No. I think we’re feeling pretty good about inventories. And in fact, I think it should continue to drive e-com and omni sales, and we talked about it being up 70% in the quarter. That’s just – that will reflect a little bit of the mix shift in weak supply of inventory on the margin. And so you’re just seeing us continue to hone the inventories for the channel, continuing to use really good techniques in how we restock our – and using flex warehouse space for our online and omni retailers and be as efficient as possible while still fulfilling demand. And in fact, we’re lining up against continued strong demand in Q2, a lot of new initiatives coming throughout the year. In fact, we’re really excited about the number of new initiatives we have coming for the remainder of the year that run the gamut across just the multitude of our brands. We talked about some of the NERF new initiatives and new initiatives coming in action around here a couple of new films, G.I. Joe, My Little Pony. And so again, we’re lining up those inventories for those major initiatives.
Fred Wightman: And then just on the games POS, is that 30% growth rate versus 2019 a good two-year expectation as we move through the year? Is there something that could cause that to change?
Brian Goldner: Yes, the team’s really got an array of new games that are coming. We have really robust plans. In fact, already year-to-date, we have the number one new game in the marketplace according to NPD, which is the Foosketball, and it’s been really well received. We have a number of new games in Monopoly and several new original games coming as well. So very strong plans for games for the year obviously, in Q2 and during this like eight-, 12-week period, we have a bit of a flip on POS. But as I said, the underlying demand remains quite strong and plans for the year really look good.
Fred Wightman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Devin Brisco with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Devin Brisco: Thanks for the question. Could you talk through the puts and takes for Partner Brands, given you’re still able to grow revenue despite tough comps in the quarter? Could you – could that segment grow more in line with your core business for the full year, just given increased Disney+ adoption and new series like The Falcon and the Winter Soldier?
Brian Goldner: Well, you’re right. There’s a lot of excitement and major initiatives coming from the partnership with The Walt Disney Company. Clearly, Disney+ has an array of new content lined up. Falcon and the Winter Soldier began to ship in end of Q1, but it’s really a Q2 initiative. And we’re now seeing incredible growth in the Star Wars business, incredible growth in POS. Disney Princess, I mentioned earlier, has really strong shipments as well as more than 60% increase in POS. And then Marvel very strong around Spider-Man but also we’ll launch product for a number of films this year, including Black Widow and Chengxi. We’ll have some product for Venom. And the Eternals, which comes later in the year, is going to be a major initiative for us. So, again – and then the Spider-Man movie that comes at the end of the year. So against those three major brands, we’re certainly driving a lot of innovation and product for both Disney+ initiatives as well as the film initiatives.
Devin Brisco: Thanks. That’s helpful. And related to eOne, Sony recently just signed deals with Netflix and Disney, were $3 billion combined, which is really unprecedented. And I know you recently signed output deals in the UK in Ireland with Sky. But I was hoping to get your thoughts on that deal and the implications for eOne, just in terms of how you’re thinking about investment in that business and potential for more output deals in the future.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Well, look, what’s great about where we are is that eOne has historically been an organization that’s been very effective in building incredible content in a risk-mitigated way and selling to any number of partners, great relationships across the board with the OTT platforms, from Netflix to Amazon to Apple to others. We have shows on the air with all of these different outlets and then, of course, as well with broadcasters, terrestrial and satellite around the world. We continue to look at how we put Hasbro IP in the market. There’s a very strong demand for world-class IP, and Hasbro has great array of it. We’re working, as I mentioned, on a number of brands, and we’re starting to see the traction around brands like the My Little Pony, which we have talked about, is on Netflix in September; Transformers, new TV series going on another platforms; our film coming next year in partnership with Paramount. And then Power Rangers and you’ll hear more about it, but we’ve been developing that, and we expect shortly to be able to talk about the brand, new content for the brand that will go after a multitude of audiences that will be on a streaming platform. So again, a very good position for the company, and we look at all of our opportunities. But you’re right, we’ve entered an era where there’s really an unprecedented spending on content and an unprecedented desire for these great brands with great story, and eOne is expert at that.
Devin Brisco: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Shawn Collins with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Shawn Collins: Great. Thanks. Hi, Brian and Deb. Good morning.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Deb Thomas: Good morning.
Shawn Collins: My question is on the sale of the eOne Music business. I’m just wondering, was this an alternative that you had planned on before the eOne acquisition in the summer of 2019? You certainly got a healthy deal multiple, 3.2 times revenue, or was this more of an opportunistic sale given a very healthy deal market? Any color would be interesting?
Brian Goldner: Well, I’ll comment and let Deb comment. Look, we – from very early on, we received a lot of interest in the business. As soon as it was announced, if you remember the headlines around all these different music labels that eOne had as well, juxtapose to some of our brands, and it was really a lot of conversation and a lot of interest. We ran a very robust process. And we had a number of parties, more than 10 parties interested in the business during the process. And ultimately, we think we found the right partnership. The team is really well positioned with the buyer and this opportunity. We’ll continue to work with them on several brands for music supervision and some of our music for a number of years because they are so good at what they do. And again, it was a really robust process. It wasn’t that we were contemplating a sale, but we had the interest from the very beginning.
Deb Thomas: Right. And as Brian said, we just – for us, it’s about continuing to focus on really the core strategic elements of the acquisition and how they fit into our Brand Blueprint to continue driving our company to get results like the double-digit revenue growth that we expect for this year. So go forward, we think that our music business is a great team, they’re in a great place. We look forward to working with them, and we look forward to continue growing Hasbro as a great play and entertainment company.
Shawn Collins: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’ll turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Management’s prepared remarks will also be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, Hasbro’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company’s performance then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments and will be versus pro forma adjusted 2019 results. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro team met the distinct and unique challenges of 2020 with tremendous resilience and excellence. They leveraged the breadth of our portfolio, the global footprint of our business, and the diverse and amazing talent in our company to lead our organization through the year. I cannot say enough about the quality of the people that I have the honor to work with everyday. As consumers of all ages found themselves at home, they sought ways to connect and find joy. Hasbro is uniquely qualified to meet this need for every demographic. Our brands, toys, games, and content are valuable as they bring happiness and enjoyment to so many in this unprecedented global environment. After a very challenging June quarter, our performance improved in the second half of the year. Throughout the year, we advanced our commercial and retailer programs and supply chain capabilities to meet consumer demand while managing expenses and cash. We grew Hasbro’s operating profit margin and finished the year with $1.45 billion in cash on our balance sheet. We finished 2020 with growth in revenues and adjusted operating profit in the fourth quarter despite tough comparison with the successful theatrical releases a year ago. The 2020 holiday season was extended, starting earlier with strong consumer demand in October and November, but seeing some challenges for key weeks in December. The period then ended with strong point-of-sale growth, and this momentum has continued and accelerated into January. The comparison with Frozen was extremely challenging due to our success in December 2019. If we exclude Frozen from the data, Hasbro’s POS grew 4% for the fourth quarter across the G11. We also gained share and recorded the fastest point-of-sale growth on Amazon in the toy and game market in the U.S. and top European markets during the fourth quarter. For the full year, we delivered $1.8 billion in gaming revenue, an increase of 15%. Franchise Brands; Magic: The Gathering and Monopoly each had their best year ever. Dungeons & Dragons did as well and classic games like Jenga, Operation, and Connect 4, to name a few of many had stellar years. Our gaming business grew in all regions, but Latin America. The result reflects the ability of our supply chain, marketing, and commercial teams to pivot and meet the demand of consumers as they change their behaviors at pace. Gaming has long been a priority investment category for Hasbro. Our brands and our teams lead this market, and we have clear growth plans in both face-to-face and digital gaming for the coming years. You will hear more from Chris Cox, President of Wizards of the Coast; and Eric Nyman, Chief Consumer Officer at our virtual investor event on February 25. To meet the high consumer demand in gaming and other categories, we leveraged our global retail network and investments in new channels. By year end, the team drove more than $1 billion in e-comm revenues and a 43% increase from last year and representing just under 30% of our global revenues. This translated to close to a 10-percentage-point increase. Pure-play and omni-channel retailers led this growth and omni-channel made significant strides to double their e-comm revenue for the year. Our teams worked closely with retailers to expand their online offerings as many added click and collect to their capabilities during the year. With channel support and innovative tailored product, Hasbro also grew revenues with the fan channel last year. We augmented this with our own D2C capabilities leveraging Hasbro Pulse to create authentic fan experiences. While Pulse is a small, but growing piece of our revenue today, it is a unique experience that we are leveraging for continued growth and unmatched connections with the important fan community. In addition to our global retail network, our global supply chain capabilities, and our evolving geographic manufacturing supplier base were essential to meeting demand. Due to COVID and changing consumer behaviors, we had disruptions from production to logistics, but the team worked tirelessly to meet the demand and successfully executed the year. We added new e-comm capabilities and identified opportunities to further enhance these going forward. We continued to diversify our manufacturing, reducing our reliance on any one country, ending 2020 with approximately 55% of production in China. To support new brand development and deeper brand engagement, we on-boarded the eOne team and their expansive capabilities and brands in storytelling. While live action TV and film production were limited much of the year, we made substantial progress developing Hasbro IP for entertainment that we expect will lead to enhanced revenues and earnings power across multiple income streams. After returning to live action production in the third quarter, eOne revenues and profit increased versus 2019 for the last quarter of the year as deliveries resumed to our broadcast partners. Over the course of 2020, we completed production on 59 series across scripted and unscripted television and 5 feature films. With COVID-19 protocols in place, production continues around the world. While the near-term theatrical landscape remains uncertain, we see a path to its return and the opportunities in streaming and linear now and into the future are clear and compelling for both viewership and merchandise. The combination of Hasbro’s portfolio and eOne’s expertise is unlocking opportunity to expand our brands and launch new ones. This takes time and investment, but we have established a robust and deep slate and a roadmap to drive growth in our business for years to come. Our teams are also on track to launch Hasbro-developed, marketed, and distributed toy and game lines for the leading pre-school brands, Peppa Pig and PJ Masks later this year. To further support our portfolio, we have fully integrated our consumer products organizations to drive immersive brand experiences across categories. With Hasbro’s global retailer reach and brand category expertise as well as retailers in the licensed consumer products space reopening and operating, we are expanding these brands. This is further enhanced by Hasbro IP like My Little Pony, which has been reinvented under the eOne family brand’s team leadership and is re-launching later this year. The eOne team will share more on our progress and plans at our event on February 25. 2020 showcased how story and character executed via streaming platforms drives merchandise. Hasbro’s Star Wars product revenues grew nearly 70% last year, despite it being a first year without a theatrical release since 2014. This growth was driven by the strength of the Disney+ global rollout of The Mandalorian. All regions grew versus prior year with the strongest growth in Europe, North America and Australia. The Child products were a significant driver of the business, including The Child Animatronic Edition, our signature holiday item and the number one item in the Plush category in North America and several other markets in the fourth quarter according to NPD. The success of this line helped Hasbro achieve the number one position in the Plush supercategory across the G11 for 2020. Even without The Child items, Hasbro’s Star Wars lines grew significantly behind increasing fan engagement globally in black series and the vintage collection, a reemergence of our kids business, fueled by light sabers and our new vehicle line mission fleet and a resurgence in casual pop culture fans in Star Wars overall. Hasbro’s commercial and brand teams are executing meaningful global merchandise programs for streaming properties and supporting significant future partner brand initiatives, including with Disney+ for Star Wars, Marvel and Disney Princess and Frozen as well as Hasbro-led streaming initiatives for our portfolio from children through adults. At the center of everything we did last year and in every year is our community of Hasbro employees and stakeholders. 2020 reminded us that living our purpose and values is imperative to continuing our legacy as a responsible corporate citizen. To drive this forward, we recently appointed Kathrin Belliveau, a longstanding Hasbro leader in our CSR practice, as our first Chief Purpose Officer. I strongly believe Hasbro has both the opportunity and responsibility to lead as a corporate citizen across all aspects of our business. As we look to the coming year, we continue to see consumers and retailers turning to our categories and Hasbro. We have amazing new lines coupled with planned increases in theatrical, television and streaming entertainment to drive the business. Investments in innovation and new growth drivers, including digital gaming and entertainment, will come to market. We believe we will grow in 2021 as we continue navigating through COVID-19 while leveraging our unparalleled portfolio of brands and capabilities in consumer products, gaming and entertainment. I will now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. The Hasbro team did amazing work in 2020, delivering a good year, prioritizing the health and safety of our employees and our communities while navigating retail and supply chain disruptions. The team never lost focus on strengthening an already solid balance sheet, while managing the business for profit and cash generation in the near-term and investing for future growth. On a full year revenue decline of 8%, operating profit declined only 1% and operating profit margin increased 110 basis points to 15.1%. A strong fourth quarter aided this full year result as operating profit margin grew 480 basis points on 4% revenue growth in the final period of the year. I am particularly proud of the work we did to manage working capital. Hasbro generated $976 million in operating cash flow last year, ending 2020 with $1.45 billion in cash. We paid part of our term loan earlier than anticipated and reduced $123 million of this long-term debt. We are progressing and paying down our debt and remain headed toward returning to our targeted 2x to 2.5x debt to EBITDA. We also returned $373 million in quarterly dividends during the year. Combined with today’s notice of the May dividend payment, the Board has already declared the first two quarterly payments for this year. Throughout 2020, our treasury and commercial teams worked hand-in-hand, supporting global retailers as their businesses changed without warning, in some instances, to meet rising demand and others, to manage shutdowns. DSOs declined 17 days on a pro forma basis to 74, reflecting both strong collections and a geographic shift in customer base to those with shorter terms. Consumer demand and inventory management drove inventory down 11% with lower positions in all regions led by the U.S. Days sales and inventory were down 38 days year-over-year. Retail inventory at year end was of good quality and level increasing slightly in the U.S. as supply continued to improve, while declining in most of the markets. Importantly, retailers were well positioned to meet the strong uptick in demand this January in major markets like the U.S. and Europe. With live-action TV and film production limited, this activity returned during the third quarter. As a result, our full year 2020 cash spend on content was $439 million, slightly below the expected low end. As production has returned and we managed COVID-19 protocols to safely keep them up and running, our cash spend on content across scripted and unscripted live action, animated TV and film in 2021 is planned to be in the range of $675 million to $750 million. While managing a rapidly changing business environment, the Hasbro and eOne teams made significant progress toward both the business and financial goals of our integration. Brian spoke to much of the business progress, which contributed to approximately $30 million of cost savings. This is ahead of the plan we shared at Toy Fair last year and puts us well on our way to our goal of $130 million in synergies by the end of 2022. This is just the beginning of unlocking incremental revenue and profit from the acquisition as we further develop existing brands and launch new ones to extend the reach and value of our consumer products, gaming and entertainment initiatives. Looking at our performance, our fourth quarter revenue and operating profit growth is discussed in our earnings release and presentation today. I will focus my commentary on the full year 2020 and provide an outlook for certain items for 2021. In the U.S. and Canada segment, revenues grew 4% and operating profit increased 30% or 420 basis points due to gains in Franchise Brands led by Magic: The Gathering and Hasbro Gaming. Operating profit increased on favorable product mix, partially offset by higher freight costs for increased domestic shipments in the U.S. and higher product development and other costs at Wizards of the Coast to support future game launches. At our investor event, Chris Cox will share more details about Wizards’ plans in this area. International segment revenue and operating profit declined primarily due to declines in Latin America and Asia. European revenues were flat. Hasbro Gaming revenue increased as did Magic: The Gathering. The international segment operating profit declined as a result of lower revenues partially offset by lower spending, most notably in advertising and marketing as well as lower royalties. As we discussed throughout the year, Latin America was challenging. The toy and game market declined. Retailers were closed. E-comm is underdeveloped. And we reduced our inventory at retail. This impacted 2020 revenue and margins and we are now better positioned to stabilize the business and drive profit improvement this year. Entertainment, licensing and digital segment revenue declined led by entertainment as compared to 2019, which included the Transformers Bumblebee film revenue as well as declines in licensed consumer products. Operating profit increased behind growth in higher margin licensed digital gaming and cost savings. eOne segment revenue declined from pro forma 2019 due to both lower TV and film revenue from COVID-19 related live action production and theater shutdowns as well as lower family brand revenue from retail disruption. Operating profit for the eOne segment decreased due to the decline in revenues partially offset by lower advertising and royalty expense. For Hasbro overall, gross margin, including cost of sales and program amortization increased 140 basis points. Product mix led by Wizards of the Coast and gaming, resulted in a slightly lower cost of sales as a percentage of revenue. This, combined with the reduction in program amortization, drove the improvement. To better help you understand the components of cost of sales we included the 2020 breakdown in our earnings presentation today. The improvements were partially offset by additional markdowns in Latin America and Asia to reduce inventory levels at retail. For 2021, we anticipate cost of sales to decline as a percentage of revenue, but this is expected to be more than offset by a return to more normal levels of program amortization in the 9% to 10% range. Royalties were down slightly as a percentage of revenue, reflecting mix. We anticipate several theatrical launches, in addition to streaming content and innovation across our lines, to support our Partner Brand portfolio. But in 2021, it’s expected to decrease slightly as a percentage of the total. Advertising in 2020 was lower than historical levels, reflecting both the decision to not advertise during periods when consumers were unable to shop and lower theatrical and entertainment events, which would traditionally have P&A support from eOne. In 2021, we anticipate more normal levels of activity and ad spend to be in the 8% to 9% of revenue range. Intangible amortization, excluding acquisition amortization for eOne, came in at the forecasted $47 million and is planned to decline to approximately $32 million in the coming year as certain property rights are now fully amortized. For 2020, SG&A totaled 22.8% of revenues, up from 21%. We took aggressive cost saving actions, which lowered spending meaningfully, but this overall decline was offset by higher costs, in part resulting from the pandemic, namely in freight and bad debt as well as depreciation and investments at Wizards for gaming development. In 2021, some of the spending will return. SG&A dollars should increase, but is expected to decrease slightly as a percentage of revenue. We are closely watching the freight environment, which impacts both cost of sales and SG&A. We have been able to meet demand despite challenges in shipping and port congestion, but the cost of doing so is increasing and does not appear to be reversing at least not in the next few months. As we pay down debt, including the $300 million note due in May, interest expense should decline to approximately $188 million from $201 million. For 2020, our underlying tax rate, absent intangible amortization associated with the eOne acquisition, one-time charges and ordinary discrete items, is 21%. The fourth quarter underlying tax rate was 18%, which includes ordinary discrete tax benefits of roughly 6%. The discrete benefit in the quarter was primarily due to tax planning associated with the eOne integration and other ongoing planning. Based on currently enacted tax law, we expect our underlying tax rate for 2021 to be approximately 21%, excluding expected further integration charges and the amortization of the eOne acquisition intangible. As we look ahead, the last year has reinforced the core tenets of Hasbro’s advantage, the value of brands in play, of connecting and competing through gaming, the enjoyment from watching and sharing a story and our desire to make everyone’s life better in all that we do. The investments we made to drive these businesses in innovation, in digital gaming, talent and development, in our entertainment studio, in e-comm and our supply chain were instrumental in our ability to operate. We shared with you today a view to 2021, but it’s important to recognize that we continue to operate through a pandemic, where things are at times unpredictable and don’t develop as we expect. We have great confidence in our teams and our brands, our gaming launches and in our entertainment plan for the coming year to grow revenue and earnings. We are looking forward to sharing more about our long-term plans at our investor event on February 25. And Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is coming from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Handler: Good morning and thanks for the question. Brian, I wonder if you could talk a bit about your Marvel business? With Disney+, we are now getting five or six different TV shows this year. Hopefully, in the back end of the year, there will be another five or so feature films, but as you look at the combination of TV plus film, it seems like this is almost a year-round business. How are you sort of planning for this and will you be fully taking advantage of all the TV content?
Brian Goldner: Exactly. Well, Eric, you are absolutely right. Marvel has been a perennial strength in the portfolio. The teams have been working on major innovation in product. And yes, we will be taking advantage of in partnership with all the work Disney has done to put certain content on the streaming platform and Disney+. I hope you saw some of the trailers last night in the big game, and then also the theatrical launches. What’s really great is that we have hit a tipping point that we had believed would occur around this time where enough people are watching a streamed show over a given period, where we are able to eventize [ph] that effort and then get our retailers on board for major merchandising, promotions, and linear footage in store as well as actually more importantly, the e-commerce play between our content to commerce with short-form content, leading to purchases and all kinds of virtual feature shop. So yes, Marvel has been a perennial strength. The business held up very well last year, although we didn’t see growth and we believe that we have the opportunity. If you look at a business like Star Wars, where we’ve benefited from just stream content, it’s been the business that’s the size of a business back to a day when we had theatrical and yet we have no theatrical and has grown substantially behind The Mandalorian, and it’s not just The Child product, we have dozens of other products for Black Series, the kids business is up, our vehicle business behind mission fleet is up. If we look at our own experience with Transformers and War for Cybertron, which is our animated series on Netflix dedicated to more of a older kid in the fan community, it’s driven that business in a major way with Transformers results quite strong, POS good and really linking all of that to our e-comm and omni-channel effort. So yes, we have a major play this year and we are very excited about the combination of stream content as well as film content.
Eric Handler: Great. And just one follow-up, Magic: The Gathering mobile game launch got pushed into 2021, you made note of that last quarter. Wondering at what point we might be able to see this gain? Is that a first half of the year event?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So we have – it’s actually on like a pre-release access on Android now and it will go to a full launch just a bit later this year, and the iOS format will also launch. So yes, it’s in 2021 and it’s a number of months from now and the team is well on its way to create the formatting, and it’s very, very playable and people really like the game. So, we are really excited about getting to the broader audience frankly in gaming that are playing mobile versus playing on their PCs.
Eric Handler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Good morning everyone. We have a two-part question related to eOne. Brian, maybe this is best for you and then Deb definitely jump in as well, but we are trying to understand a little bit about the backlog. So with the business up in the fourth quarter, it sounds like off to a decent start for the year, how much of the committed programming that you had planned to do in ‘20 can you recoup in 2021? And then related, as you in-house the Peppa and PJ Masks business, can you just help us think through the mechanics of the graveyarding of your existing licensees and the rollout of your product in the channel? As we get to the fourth quarter, what’s the proportionality, what percentage of the product on shelf will be Hasbro at that point versus what will be your legacy licensees? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes, great. So, as we look at the business, of the Peppa and PJ, and then I’ll let Deb talk a bit about first question. On Peppa and PJ, the teams have marketed and developed product lines. They’ve worked hand in glove with the eOne team that has led the creative on Peppa and PJ. We are in the ninth season on Peppa. It is the most watched YouTube show for preschoolers. We have the show distributed everywhere and new content coming that lines up really well with the product line. For PJ, we are in the fourth season, and we are already developing and we will have this season, and again a really robust product line. Order of magnitude for both of those, Steph, we are probably looking at 50 developed products for each Peppa and PJ that will come in the fourth quarter. But it’s really important to note there are lot of categories that our licensees also create in that product line – in those product lines that are really valuable and bring new play and play experiences to kids, consumers, and fans all around the world. And so, there will continue to be licensees on those businesses. In fact, the combined consumer products team between eOne and Hasbro are building even more robust consumer products programs given that Hasbro has much bigger global footprint than some of our core toy and game licensees have had over time. So, we are really looking at this financially. We get the benefit of bringing in and in-housing major parts of, but not the entirety of the license business for Peppa and PJ. We are then driving the retail connectivity to enable our consumer products licensees to do even a better job as we go around the world. We have seen those smaller license type product shops with kids apparel and backpacks and back-to-school and bedding and footwear reopening, because remember not all of the product is just sold at the essential stores or the hypermarkets or the omni-channel mass market stores in this category around the world. And so, the reopening has also helped. Last point I make is over the fourth quarter, we have seen some great results for both brands and particularly for PJ, coming out of the holiday, our licensees were able to work with more reopened stores. We have seen great takeaway for both brands and PJ is coming out quite strongly, so is Peppa and we feel very good then about the financial opportunity over the years to build a very robust PJ and Peppa business, but even more importantly to have a much bigger foothold in a category where Hasbro didn’t compete as broadly in preschool. And so the team is also working on – we will talk more about it, new properties and new IP that they will also launch using their immense expertise and storytelling. And Deb, you want to do the first one?
Deb Thomas: Sure. Thanks, Brian and good morning, Steph. Yes, as we think about like the carry-forward from what has been going on at eOne, as we know, animation could continue and it was largely uninterrupted with maybe some hiccups as we first all went remote to try to get things up and running where they could. But animation has largely been able to continue. So you are actually seeing that in what we have been progressing to-date so far. So, it really is that live-action film and TV. And as we got into the end of the third quarter, we started to be able to get the productions up and running in most markets. And that’s why indeed we saw growth in Entertainment One in the fourth quarter and we are on track to get that done. If we look at the full year content spend that we are projecting for 2021, just a very small percent of that relates to the 2020 carryover, but we expect to be able to finish and deliver that production in 2020. But we have gotten the question in the past does that mean you are going to have to spend twice as much? A lot of it has moved forward and a lot of it comes on during the year. A lot of it’s unscripted. Brian talked about all the progress that’s being made on other brands, but there is also progress being made on other production as well. So we do expect that we will be able to finish that ongoing programming in 2021 and deliver it.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Steph, the only thing I would add just to frame out for you our expectation for 2021 for eOne, we fully expect that given the way the team has developed new IP, the way they are working on Hasbro IP, the receptivity to new world-class branded IP and eOne’s historical strength, we probably could look at revenues this year, certainly, revenues growth from eOne and probably commensurate we saw back in 2019 for that business. So some real good growth that we expect and increasingly mix shifting into Hasbro IP over time, beginning with unscripted where it’s easier to produce, followed by some theatricals and scripted television.
Steph Wissink: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you and good morning. I know you gave different components to build to operating margin, but in terms of sort of eOne growth, an incremental toy business that you are bringing under Hasbro under brands like Peppa Pig and PJ Masks in your underlying toy growth. Could you help us understand, what is a reasonable range of operating margin we should be thinking for this year versus 2020?
Deb Thomas: Certainly, certainly. So – and Brian it’s good that’s a follow-up. So thanks for that. It was perfect from the last question because in the near-term, when you think about just the entertainment component of what we have brought in, there is some pressure on profit, because if you think about all the costs that we are incurring ourselves as businesses with COVID-19 protocols and everything else to keep people up and safe and do things the right way, there is some cost pressure in the near term. We see that profitability expanding over time, but in the near-term that is going to add some cost pressure. And as we get up and ready to launch in the latter half of the year, our product around PJ and Peppa, we have got a – there is additional tooling expense and things like that, that ramp up and we want to make it really successful as well as advertising around those brands now. They are such terrific brands as they are and that continued relationship we are having with licensees. So, we see that profitability in the near-term being impacted a bit by some of these initial costs, but over time, certainly growing into a range of what you would expect to see on the toy and game and sourcing side from the more traditional Hasbro business of the past. And we see that entertainment profitability growing over time as well once we are able to incorporate some of these costs and as Brian said earlier, actually incorporate the Hasbro IP because that helps to make it even more profitable over time.
Arpine Kocharyan: Okay. That’s helpful. In terms of breakdown of entertainment and licensing revenue this quarter and perhaps you could share your views on 2021 as well, understandably, you have Bumblebee comps. But there is a lot going on in that line item, maybe you could parse out the drivers of what drove growth and what was offset in terms of decline for the quarter and while we are at it, could you comment on MTG Arena and what do you expect to see from that business this year? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Sure. If you look at consumer products in that category, licensing and digital, our digital gaming business was up quite considerably during that period, digital gaming. Playing was up for global gamers over the year. As you know, it was a tailwind and we are seeing a lot of new third-party games that are being quite successful. We also see some perennial games like Yahtzee with Buddies that continues to perform at a very high level from Scopely. So, that’s a category that has done quite well. We have talked about before that in consumer products, the closure of a lot of the smaller retailers over a period during 2020, where you are selling children’s apparel or other types of children’s products, clearly put a challenge against those revenues in the short-term, but we are seeing those retailers reopening. And as I indicated in the fourth quarter, we are starting to see some momentum back into those businesses as well as in the toy business that are being sold there as well as at major mass-market retailers. So consumer products, we believe has an opportunity for growth as we go forward as we add more Hasbro IP certainly in 2021. We are building an event around the new My Little Pony animated feature film, which we are all very excited about and that should be a very robust program both for Hasbro-developed product as well as consumer products and we kind of march forward from – we will march forward from there. Deb, I don’t know if you want to comment further about the profit profile?
Deb Thomas: Yes. The only other thing I would add is as you think about the digital games coming out under Wizards of the Coast brand, so we’ve had Arena in the past. And Brian mentioned earlier, we’ve got a few games launching this year, a few digital gaming launches this year. Those carry a bit of initial depreciation around them that we wouldn’t have seen as much of that this year because we’ve been working on it. We capitalize those costs. We’ll give some more color to that on the 25 at our Investor Day to try to size that out from everyone. But from a profitability standpoint, as Brian said, as those retailers that handle our license business come up and running, that’s a fairly high profit margin business. And as they’re able to to get back on their feet and get back out there that and digital gaming, we see that impacting profitability favorably as we move forward.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Beckel with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
David Beckel: Great. Thanks for the question. I have two. First one for Brian, I was hoping you could comment a bit. I know you’re probably loath to give specific guidance here. But just on the outlook for the toy industry this year, given sort of the idiosyncratic nature of what took place last year, clearly, extremely strong growth through retail channels, e-commerce picking up. I was hoping you could sort of frame what you expect for the industry as a whole this year and also maybe put some context around your expectation for growth, which is pretty broad-based for Hasbro as the year unfolds? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Yes. So look, I think you saw some very robust growth from the toy industry in 2020. And I think that NPD and other sources are kind of reevaluating what they think growth should look like for 2021. There has been some more modest expectations presented by some of the third parties. Our belief is that we should be able to grow in line or ahead of the toy industry numbers for the year 2021 for a number of reasons. We have great innovations. If I look at the way we finished the year where we had great product, we didn’t have product rolled out everywhere. But if you take the U.S. business, for example, in the fourth quarter, it grew 16% with 30% growth in Franchise Brands. Every one of our Franchise Brands was up with the exception of My Little Pony, and we’ve already talked about how we’re restating that this year. We saw double-digit growth for all our Franchise Brands except for Transformers. So we really exit the year in a major market where we had all the inventory, where NERF was growing and other brands were growing. We have entered 2021, Dave, and through January, our POS is up nearly 30%, 28%. And so again, it’s not a holiday size sales, but it is that growth in POS. The consumer demand continues around games category and toy and game categories. Many of the categories that we’re selling last year are selling again this year. At the tail end of last year, we were out of stock in certain games. I mean, we just couldn’t keep Operation Pet Scan in stock. We couldn’t keep The Child, the Bop It! product in stock and some Monopoly products in stock. So we’re again, getting back into inventory, but seeing very robust growth and for that reason, because of our innovation, because of our e-comm capabilities and clearly seeing e-comm running way ahead of brick-and-mortar. I mean our e-comm POS in the full year last year was up 33%, and then the fourth quarter was up 19%. So brand for brand, I think we’ll grow ahead of industry in toy and game. I think consumer products over time should grow faster as we mix shift into more Hasbro IP. The margin expands as we get more from Wizards of the Coast, and also as digital gaming goes beyond those early days where we do have depreciation and marketing expense. But launching those games, I expect to become more profitable over time. And then, of course, eOne is enabling us to create profitable entertainment versus where Hasbro was historically where entertainment with some level of a marketing expense. And we viewed the sales of products as the reward for the investments in the entertainment. So I would say that’s how the year we look at setting up. And really, think of it as 3 very clear business units, all with different profit and revenue profiles between consumer products with toy and game, our Wizards business with digital and our entertainment business obviously led by eOne.
David Beckel: That’s super helpful. Thank you. And one for Deb. Operating cash flow, obviously, significantly outperformed your sort of medium-term guidance. It sounds like at least some of that was due to the delay of production cost. But I am wondering if you can help us think about how your learnings, particularly as it relates to working capital, this year might translate into higher operating cash flow expectations going forward, if you agree without statement? Thanks.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, we – I have to say, and I said it earlier in my prepared remarks, I’m just so proud and impressed with what our team was able to do with working capital. I mean I think you had every single employee at Hasbro rally around let’s keep the balance sheet strong and collect as much cash as we can. I don’t anticipate us being able to have that kind of a working capital benefit again in 2021. But as we see each piece of our business performing, we do expect that our operating cash flow can average about $600 million to $750 million in the near-term, falling someplace within that range as we are investing more in launch costs than investing a bit more in content than what we talked about in the past. But also, we are able to get things out there and get revenue from it as well. And we see that moving over time back to levels that we saw certainly in 2020. But in the near-term, we expect our operating cash flow to be in the $600 million to $750 million range.
David Beckel: Great. Thank you so much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Ng: Hey, good morning. Thank you very much for the question. My first question is just on eOne and the toy sales. My understanding is that historically, those toys sales were kind for as net royalty revenue. As Hasbro brings these licenses in, I think that Hasbro account for that in wholesale toy revenue. Is that the correct way to think about it? And if so, how big could that revenue uplift be on a like-for-like business – like-for-like basis, appreciating that this doesn’t include any potential synergies from executing those toy licenses better? Thank you. 
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, let me deal with the mechanics, and I’ll let Brian talk to the growth opportunity. So you’re 100% correct. You would have seen that coming in as royalty revenue in the past. There will be some costs against that, but mostly it would flow through and impact the gross margin. When you see it coming into the Hasbro revenue, it will come in like wholesale revenue like the rest of our business, and we’ll have additional cost of sales applied against it. So the gross margin will look a bit different than it would if it was pure royalty revenue coming through, and we’ll have some additional costs. In the near-term, from a profitability standpoint, as we’ve invested in the start-up launch costs and start-up tooling and things like that, you’re going to see profitability not be that far off, but not see that growth potential that it has in the future as we drive revenue growth in the brands. Brian, do you want to talk about the revenue growth opportunity?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Thank you, Deb. Appreciate it. So as we look at the business, Mike, there is a several-fold elements that we’re really bringing to bear here. Number one, we’re actually – because we are behind these products now and we’re developing bespoke Hasbro product lines that are expansive, as I mentioned dozens of new items, very well received already by global retailers and an expectation of great distribution and support, our consumer products program will actually expand. We’ll have some of our core licensees, who were doing certain parts of our toy business, expand into other categories that they are quite expert in. We’ll have our other parts of our consumer products business expand as well as the geographic footprint, now that we have a team that’s married up between Hasbro experts and historical eOne experts and some new blood as well. I think we get a much more robust consumer products program. We are also seeing incredible new eOne content. As Deb mentioned, the animation had continued over the COVID period. We’re able to produce animation at distance. And so you’re going to see a lot of new content that is really, really engaging for our audience where the Peppa Pig example is a top viewed show on almost every format, including YouTube. And they’re bringing bespoke new content that ties directly to the play patterns that are being expressed in our products as well as our consumer products. And over time, beyond the holiday, this holiday period, we will have Hasbro products in the market for this holiday period as well as new consumer products that will come in for the fall. So, both of those things happen. So we will add considerable revenues as an opportunity. The opportunity, of course, is to go beyond that a few fold and then several fold. And really, one of the pieces of opportunity that we saw from the very beginning as we began to talk to eOne was a growth in preschool, particularly around character and story and Hasbro’s opportunity to be a major player in the preschool arena around the great storytelling, great character and great innovation tied altogether. And we are seeing that. And then in addition, eOne has also been fully in development and has great support for some new IP that I won’t talk about now, let them talk about later, where we will have new IP from these storytellers in the preschool and lifestyle space. And that should grow our presence across the dimensions I’ve just discussed as we go forward.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you, Brian and Deb for all that detail. That’s really helpful.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Thank you so much for taking my questions. So my first question is around eOne, I think media you mentioned eOne could generate revenues in the 2019 range it saw before COVID happened. So I think – correct me if I’m wrong, but I think at that time, in 2019, media, TV-related revenues from eOne were about $1 billion, excluding the family brands. So is sort of – is that the right benchmark to think about in terms of revenues for eOne in 2021? 
Brian Goldner: So yes, I think that you are probably looking at – if you took all of eOne into 2019, it was about $1.2 billion. And you’re right, there’s a family brand component. But we say, as we look at the total eOne effort, including family brands as well as their – because what they get for content in family brands as well as what they’re able to deliver in television and film, we think that $1.2 billion is a pretty good marker for 2019 – from 2019 to be compared with what we expect we could achieve for 2021.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. So that’s including the family brands revenue as well?
Brian Goldner: Correct. Remember, Family Brands, the revenue comes in, in a couple of different places. One is we get paid for the content. So that is expressed within eOne’s revenues. We then are taking on board some of the toy lines. Those toy line revenues will get expressed within the consumer products or toy and game part of the business as they become toy lines for the company. But yes, there’s an eOne revenue. Deb, do you want to comment?
Deb Thomas: Yes. I just wanted to point out, Tami, it was actually in today’s press release, we did have the pro forma breakdown for 2019 if that might be helpful to refer back to. I think it’s on the very last page. You might not have quite gotten there.
Tami Zakaria: Got it.
Deb Thomas: It’s a long release. It was a long release.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you so much. And then my second question is I think the guidance bucket, the margin buckets you provided in the call, it seems like EBITDA may see some slight de-leverage in 2021. So can you help us unpack that and comment on how much of that is actually transitory related to COVID and other stuff, and you might actually get back in 2022?
Deb Thomas: Yes. I think we’re going to give some more color to all the different components of EBITDA. But as we look at adjusted, we did say we expect revenue and earnings to grow on an adjusted basis in 2021 from 2020 levels. And there are some components that hit – as we continue to invest in digital gaming for the long-term and the revenues that, that can bring with us. We’ll see depreciation, but we also see ongoing product development costs associated with that, ongoing product development with respect to creating innovative play things that Brian talked about where we think the consumer product, toy and game business will be for 2021 in comparison to the market. So we see ongoing cost with that. But on a top and bottom line basis, we do expect growth in 2021 from 2020. And we will get into some more of the detailed components that we haven’t talked about today in our meeting on the 25.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Super helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Fred Wightman: Hey, guys. Good morning. You had called out some challenges during key weeks in December in the prepared remarks. I’m wondering if you could just touch on what exactly happened and whether that’s corrected as we head into the first quarter?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Really, it was just an interesting observation. As we look at the holiday, we’ve probably had a more intense longer holiday than we’ve had in prior years because, of course, the holiday kicked off in October as we all discussed around third quarter earnings. And there was a ton of promotion and lots of toy orientation, toy and game orientation during that time. And our POS was incredibly strong in October, November and even into December. As we got into just 2 weeks right before December, and I’ve seen this expressed in other consumer products categories as well, there was a bit of a pause that we saw in some of our businesses. I think that it had a bit to do if I read some of the macro experts talking on the economic side, the consumer waiting to see if there were some additional checks and support that was going to be coming during that period of time. We saw, frankly, a dwindling down of some inventories around some of our brands during that time for a few of our key games like I talked about The Child products and Monopoly and also in Bop It!, Operation and some other brands where our fill rates did fall during those couple of weeks as we were really right ahead of Christmas. And on NERF, we’ve seen great growth in NERF. NERF was up in the U.S., and NERF was up on the fourth quarter and for the full year in the U.S. But we didn’t have enough products to make NERF grow everywhere. We expect NERF to grow in 2021 because we see the compilation of all of the NERF initiatives. But again, I just think there were a few places where we had a bit of tempering a little bit from the consumer and then a little bit on a few of our product categories, not a lot, but a few. Then if you take the comp during that time, most importantly, the comp during that time, our POS is slightly down if you exclude Frozen. Remember, a year ago, we told you, Frozen was the largest headwind for the fourth quarter for Hasbro, up against an incredible success in 2019. If you took Frozen out, our POS actually goes up to mid-single digits in growth globally during the fourth quarter. So that’s just, again, in that period of time. So that’s why we just described that. Then what happened is Christmas week was very strong. Weeks following Christmas have been incredibly strong. And in January, we are actually seeing an acceleration. I think as people get gift cards and as people who weren’t together for the holidays, and sends presents and other gifting, gift cards and other formats, we’re just seeing an immense amount of consumption of Hasbro brands and products, lots of strong launches coming as we move our way through the first quarter. So that’s why I say it’s a broader, longer holiday season. And clearly given COVID and openings and closures, just it demands some additional description.
Fred Wightman: That makes sense. And then just quickly on the eOne synergies, I think you guys called out $30 million last year. The number that we had previously was $35 million to $40 million by the end of ‘21. So was it just a pull-forward of cost savings or is there actually some incremental upside to that $130 million target that you guys have talked about in the past?
Deb Thomas: I think we look at that $130 million target by the end of 2022. And still, that’s our target right now. But we were able to accelerate some of the cost savings if you – into 2020 just because we were all working remotely. We could get things – some of the things done a little bit faster. I mean, like Brian mentioned earlier, we were able to fully integrate our consumer products licensing teams. However, there is still some other groups that we haven’t been able to fully integrate yet. We’re working on – We just – it was not in our original timing. But two-thirds of that was actually coming from product in-sourcing. So that timing hasn’t really changed yet. We are beginning to in-source that product for this fall for this holiday season. So we will have a better insight to whether to grow that number or not as we progress through 2021 but it was a bit of an acceleration.
Brian Goldner: Yes. But if you look at 2021, then we’re going to have a much sizable number than your expectation of $30 million in 2021. That wasn’t – that’s not our expectation for 2021. It’s big – it’s far bigger than that because, again, the in-sourcing begins for the toy and game products. And we’ll size that for you probably a bit more in our investor call.
Fred Wightman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devin Brisco with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Devin Brisco: Thanks for taking my questions. Just another one on eOne, across the industry, both early and later, TV and film windows are increasingly being monetized and consolidated on DTC platforms. As more Hasbro IP begins to make its way through the eOne content engine, how are you thinking about the various distribution channels and windowing strategies that you can utilize in order to sort of optimize your return on investment for both film and TV ultimates and the consumer product piece as this trend continues?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Well, look, we have said all along that we thought we were entering an era that would be right for opportunity for us as we came together with eOne, and we’re seeing that. Clearly, as many studios have also launched their streaming platforms, they need great content, and they’re using their own brands and IP to service their own streaming platforms, which leads a lot of world-class streamers and other platforms open for business and looking for world-class IP from people like – or companies like Hasbro. And eOne is expert at developing IP for a global group of broadcasters, streamers, linear and terrestrial. So we see a real opportunity. It marries directly to the fact that we have the broadest portfolio in our business. We have brands that stretch from kids and fans and families, certainly, but we also have brands that stretch into great adult gaming and lifestyle gaming. So we’re busy developing Dungeons & Dragons across a number of dimensions. We’ll have future iterations of Transformers in a number of different places. We have new creative stewardship that will add or have the great new storytelling in Power Rangers and several other big Hasbro IP areas. I’m going to let the team talk more about that later this month. But we see the opportunity to go through multiple windows. We still see the opportunity to have a theatrical followed by a stream window or a simultaneous window between streaming and a theatrical – a shorter theatrical window. I think a lot of the nomenclature and conversation around all of those windows are shifting and changing as we speak. And our team is expert at ensuring that around the world, we’ll get the opportunity to eventize our properties and programming with streamers and theatrically and then move through the waterfall of opportunities and windows so that we’re able to maximize the return on the entertainment investment while also driving ubiquity for the story and character and the play patterns that will be reflected in the consumer products and the gaming that we’re executing in support of those initiatives.
Devin Brisco: Great. And could you provide an update on where production stands today relative to normalized levels? And how we should think about the cadence of the $675 million to $750 million in cash content spend for 2021?
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, we are working in production now in most territories. Actually, all territories were up and running. Some things may get delayed depending on what’s happening on the set, but everything is up and running now. One of the things that’s really important to remember, I’m glad you asked about cadence, because you think about before the world changed in March of last year, we actually had a great hit in 1917 from eOne. So that really drove a big impact to the first quarter of last year when you kind of think about the theatrical still being open. So now as we look at the cadence, we see it progressing throughout the year? And as you know, I know, Devin, the entertainment and revenue recognition could be a little, I use my favorite accounting term, Brian, when I say this, just a little lumpier than what you might see in a traditional toy business, but we just look at the fourth quarter when eOne was able to get up and get into production and have those deliveries being made, they were able to grow revenue. So we see that with an impact in the near-term because of something like 1917 in theatrical distribution. But as Brian said, we’re excited about being able to take advantage of theatrical as well as streaming by providing this great content over time.
Devin Brisco: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey, good morning. I like going last. So thank you very much. How many questions do I get, Brian?
Deb Thomas: I wouldn’t be certain you are last, Gerrick and good morning.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. I have got quite a few. I will see how brief I can be here. First, just the outlook for 2021 for the toy industry, David asked that before. I don’t think you gave an answer for the industry itself. So how about like in two numbers, international and – or actually worldwide and U.S.?
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think that number is shifting around. We saw an early number from NPD that, frankly, we didn’t understand as well. We’re hoping that they’ll clarify. I think that according to my team, they’re working on going back and relooking at that number because I thought it was a bit too low. And I think they’re kind of reconsidering, given what we’re already seeing in the January window and the fact that consumers are continuing to be very interested in the toy and game industry. So that’s why I didn’t give you a number is because of kind of waiting for the combination of NPD and Euromonitor to reevaluate where they think the market is. What I will tell you is we believe we can grow our toy business over time in line with or ahead of the industry because of our capabilities, the fact that we’ve built such robust capabilities in e-comm and content and storytelling and innovation and the orchestration between all the different operating elements that we should be able to be in line or better than the industry. And I’ve also said that over time, we believe that should be in a tough year, low, but in a good year, mid-single digits growth.
Gerrick Johnson: So what was the NPD number that was put out earlier that you’re not sure is correct?
Brian Goldner: I’m not going to – I need to let them comment because I’m not sure whether they published it out or it was out to subscribers. But they were having conversations with my team about some early estimates that the team felt that they should go back and reevaluate. And I think they are, given the fact that we’re seeing such robust growth early in the year. I think they’re considering or out as a projection for the full year.
Gerrick Johnson: Alright. Regardless of what they say, what do you think? What are you planning for this year? And again, in January, I don’t know if I’d extrapolate January all the way through because it’s a very easy comp and a lot of gift cards. So...
Brian Goldner: Of course.
Gerrick Johnson: What are you planning for ‘21?
Brian Goldner: Look, I said, we think in a year where we have great innovation and we have the unlock, we expect to grow our toy and game business this year. And we believe we’ll be...
Gerrick Johnson: This year?
Brian Goldner: This year, and we believe we’ll be in line with or ahead of the industry depending on where they land. But again, I’ve said around mid single-digits is in a good, robust year is where we should be able to deliver toys and games growth.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Moving on to entertainment, but third-party entertainment product you do for others. I have 10 movies baked into my model for you here in 2021. Not sure how many of those are going to happen. I have $300 million plus in incremental revenue from those 10 movies. So I’d like to know what movies do you think will actually happen? There are some big ones like Snake Eyes, Spider-Man, Venom, Micronauts, Cruella, Shang-Chi, Raya, Ghostbusters, what’s happening this year? Do you know what’s going to happen or does anyone know what’s going to happen in movies this year?
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think that the big considerations, it’s not surprising to hear the big considerations will be what happens particularly during the first half of the year. And I think that people feel there’ll fall where more moviegoers will be back into theaters. Having said that, we are working in partnership with our partners at Disney, they are actively looking at all the windowing. I think you’ve started to see, like last night, hopefully, on the football game. You saw the trailer for Raya and the Last Dragon, I think it was great, and we’re very excited about that. In May, movie, Black Widow we will be supporting. Ghostbusters comes in June. We’ve got Venom later in June. Shang-Chi is right now scheduled for July. We’ve got our own My Little Pony movie coming in the September Window. Snake Eyes is slated for October, and then you have Eternals and Spider-Man that will be in the fourth quarter. And the team is actively working on a regular basis. Some of those may be more shorter theatrical windows. We talked about the fact that, that works, particularly work on a premeditated basis where the strategy can be put out up in front, and we can work with our retailers. And then, Gerrick, I’ll also mentioned that there’s a lot of streaming content that will be coming – that we also feel has a great opportunity, particularly we were talking earlier, just about the robust nature of the Marvel brands and business. And so Raya is also a stream piece of content that will come in March, WandaVision, the Falcon and the Winter Soldier, that was a great trailer. And then you have a couple of different new Star Wars initiatives coming from streaming in the back half of 2021. So the team is around all of that. They have been building great innovative products for full exploitation there as well as for Hasbro IP like My Little Pony and for Snake Eyes. And we just constantly are working in partnership with our studio brethren to ensure that we understand the way they want to execute their programs. And frankly, we’re doing the exact same thing with My Little Pony and with Snake Eyes. We want to make sure we’re maximizing the opportunity, given where we believe audiences will be at that point in the year. And I think at that – at this point, I’m getting the high sign that we need to wrap things up. Maybe there’s one last question you might have.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Hopefully, we can see the movies in the theaters, I’m particularly looking forward to Micronauts as you know. Okay. If I have one more, let me go back to something Steph and Mike both asked on Peppa and PJ. What’s the synergy on an annual run rate? Let’s talk like ‘22 or something like that. With those brands in-house, what kind of synergies to the bottom line can you get from bringing those 2 in-house?
Deb Thomas: So we said that we expect $130 million of synergies, which include bringing Peppa and PJ in-house as well. Two-thirds of our cost synergies were made up from product in-sourcing. That, of course, doesn’t impact the opportunity that we see from a revenue side as we create more innovative product and drive revenue around other consumer product streams around that. But that is – that number does include Peppa and PJ, so...
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, okay. Alright. Thanks guys. Talk to you later. Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yes.
Operator: I’ll now turn the call back to Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob and thank you everyone. We appreciate everyone joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management’s prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. We hope you will be able to join us on February 25 for our virtual investor event. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro’s Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, Hasbro’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company’s performance, then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation.  Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. The global Hasbro team did an excellent job delivering a strong third quarter, with revenues growth in toys, games and digital initiatives while live-action production begins to return. Consumer demand remained strong. Global point of sale for Hasbro brands was up mid-single digits, including double-digit gains in the U.S., UK, and Australia, among others. Overall, point-of-sale grew despite declines in Latin America and Asia and some out of stocks in the games category. Nearly all stores globally have been open and operating, with Latin America experiencing the most restrictions. Foot traffic in stores remains meaningfully lower, but ecomm continues to deliver, with 50% growth globally in the quarter. We also benefited from the reopening of Toy Specialty retailers in Europe. Production at our third-party factories is up and running, and supply is largely in-line with demand. Where demand remains above trend, we are working to catch up. The restarting of live-action entertainment is gradually occurring, with some of our larger productions beginning late in the third quarter. As a result, deliveries were low, but are set to improve in the fourth quarter and some revenue will move into 2021. MAGIC: THE GATHERING delivered strong third quarter results and revenue was up double digits for the first nine months of the year. The release of Double Masters and Zendikar Rising drove the year-over-year gains in the quarter, including growth in analog and digital play. MAGIC: THE GATHERING is providing its players connections and entertainment despite not all being able to gather to play. That connection and entertainment continues to drive gaming demand broadly. Revenues grew for our gaming portfolio, and the overall gaming category, including MAGIC and MONOPOLY was up 21%. Point-of-sale gains were limited by product availability as we worked to catch up on production. Hasbro has an unparalleled position in gaming. We have the broadest portfolio, with the industry’s best-known brands, reaching all demographics, across multiple genres. Importantly, we have invested to bring new games to the market over every period and every year. Our core games remained our best sellers, including MONOPOLY, JENGA, CONNECT 4, LIFE and OPERATION and we have new games to Bring Home The Fun this holiday. This includes a new game for the whole family in DEER PONG and new games like The Child inspired MONOPOLY and Super Mario Celebration MONOPOLY, among many others. To further long-term growth, we are investing to drive digital gaming experiences for the Wizards of the Coast brands. MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena will launch on mobile in early 2021, as we fine-tune the game this year. We also have Spellslingers, an all new digital game for the mobilefirst generation, slated for next year and Tencent continues to lead the efforts to publish in China. DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS continued to benefit from a strong release schedule and the quest for at home entertainment. Revenues for the brand were up more than 20% in the quarter and year to date. D&D digital is also ramping. Baldur’s Gate III has released into Early Access on Steam to a strong reception and will be more broadly available next year.  Also, in 2021, Dark Alliance from our own Tuque Games is planned for release. D&D and MAGIC: THE GATHERING were among the brands on virtual display at our first ever Pulse Con. Pulse Con delivered to fans one-of-a-kind access to their favorite franchises, as well as interactive experiences with creative talent. It generated close to a billion social and media impressions. We unveiled new products across multiple franchises, hosted two days of panels and successfully fully-funded two HasLab campaigns – one for the Star Wars Vintage Collection Razor Crest and one for the HEROQUEST Game System. If you missed it live, you can find the sessions online. While the revenue for our HasLab projects will be recognized in future periods when we build and deliver the products, Hasbro’s products for Star Wars delivered strong growth in the third quarter. Disney+ continued to drive engagement among kids and fans alike. Results were fueled by August shelf sets of our wide range of items for The Child, as well as continued global strength in our fan business, particularly within our 40th Anniversary Empire Strikes Back product and our RETRO figures. This year, we also launched a Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge exclusive program designed to capture the parks’ experience at retail. Last year, on October 4, we executed on shelf events for Star Wars, in support of streaming and theatrical content, and for Frozen 2. We are up against those comps in 2020, but with new products and new streaming content for both properties we have a great line up for the holiday. As this year developed, and entertainment plans shifted, our teams did a tremendous job of re-balancing our initiatives for the year. Reprioritizing factories, shifting marketing plans, and partnering with our retailers around the world, they leveraged our portfolio’s innovation for the holiday and ensured we have strong representation across demographics. These efforts include items like BABY ALIVE Baby Grows Up; FURREAL FRIENDS Mama Josie the Kangaroo; NERF Elite 2.0.; the PLAY-DOH Candy Delight Playset; and many more. The fourth quarter is unfolding in multiple stages, kicking off successfully earlier this month with Prime Day and major initiatives from our largest Omni-channel retail partners. Hasbro lines sold very well during this period. Our teams are working in concert with our retailers to drive and fulfill demand this holiday season. They are doing an excellent job managing this dynamic environment, driving the business forward for this year and beyond. Importantly, they have positioned us for what we believe should be a good holiday season for Hasbro. In entertainment, the last few quarters have been difficult given the inability to get on set and produce much of the live-action content we planned for the year. However, the integration is progressing well and we have been able to make more progress than planned in the development of future projects.  We recently announced that producer and director Jonathan Entwistle has come on board to shepherd new film and television adaptations of POWER RANGERS. eOne will develop and produce the projects with Entwistle set to direct. We also launched a competitive cooking show based on CANDYLAND, hosted by Kristin Chenowith. You can see that series beginning November 15th on the Food Network. Looking ahead, some revenue originally planned for 2020 will shift into 2021, both from eOne projects and from theatrical releases, which were originally slated for this year. During 2020, we continued to advance in ecomm and focused the teams on our highest priorities for the near-term and for long-term growth. COVID-19 remains a reality in our markets around the world, and we’re closely monitoring developments to ensure we can execute while keeping the safety of our employees and communities a top priority. I’ll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. Our teams delivered a very good third quarter in a difficult environment. The results reflected growing consumer demand for Hasbro brands; an improved operating environment as third-party factories, warehouses, and retail stores were mostly open; and excellent execution by our teams, including strong cash collections and cost management. My discussion today will be versus pro forma adjusted 2019 earnings. The third quarter 2020 adjusted results exclude after tax amounts of $19.6 million of purchased intangible amortization and $4.7 million of acquisition and related expenses associated with the eOne acquisition, and $13.7 million of incremental tax expense related to a change in the U.K. tax code. We ended the quarter with one of our highest ever third quarter cash balances and delivered an additional 230 basis points on adjusted operating profit margin for the quarter from both favorable product mix and cost savings. We continue to have $1.5 billion available under our revolving credit facility, should we need it, and we remain well within our financial covenants. The team drove strong cash collections and Q3 DSO decreased to 74 days from 83 days last year, and 96 days in the second quarter. As live-action production has been limited, our cash spend on content this year is now targeted to be at the lower end of our prior $450 million to $550 million range for the full-year. Due to the timing of this return to production, certain deliveries expected in the fourth quarter 2020 will move to 2021, shifting expected revenue. We currently expect next year to have a more normalized cash spend level as production and deliveries are slated to improve from the lower 2020 levels. Our capital expenditures year-to-date are in-line with 2019 and are now expected to be slightly below the $145 million to $155 million we targeted for this year. This amount includes the capitalization of digital gaming development relating to games to be launched in future years, some of which Brian spoke to, as well as several others for 2022 and beyond.  Hasbro owned inventory is down 7% absent FX as demand remains strong. Retail inventory declined, led by the U.S., reflecting the shift to ecomm and higher consumer takeaway. In Latin America, we continue to work through inventory we began the year with. Our goal is to reduce excess inventory by year-end to position us to stabilize the region’s performance next year. Our integration with eOne remains on track and we continue to target synergies of $130 million by year-end 2022. This includes 2020 cost savings of at least $20 million, before one-time expenses, recognizing the eOne business, like the overall Hasbro business, is not operating to our original plan due to COVID-19. Synergies are planned to increase in 2021 as we begin to in-source toys and games for eOne properties and recognize more of the benefit of cost savings. For the quarter, revenues were down 4%, reflecting growth in toys, games, and digital initiatives offset by a decline in entertainment. In the U.S. and Canada segment, revenues grew 9% behind growth in Franchise Brands, led by MAGIC: THE GATHERING, Emerging Brands and Hasbro Gaming. Gaming supply was catching up to demand during the quarter.  Partner Brands declined behind good growth in Star Wars, but a decline in Marvel and Frozen revenues. Point-of-sale for the segment grew double digits and retail inventory declined double digits. Ecomm revenues grew more than 50%. Segment operating profit grew and operating profit margin expanded 530 basis points. This gain was the result of revenue growth, favorable product mix, including growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and inventory cost management. International segment revenues were down 7%, excluding the impact of foreign currency. European revenues grew 4%, excluding FX, but both Latin America and Asia Pacific revenues declined. Hasbro Gaming revenues were flat absent FX and the other brand portfolio categories declined. Ecomm revenues grew approximately 40%. Segment operating profit was down due to lower revenues, but operating profit margin improved 40 basis points on favorable mix, including growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING, lower advertising spend, and cost management initiatives. In the Entertainment, Licensing and Digital segment, revenues declined due to lower film revenue versus last year, when we first recorded Bumblebee, offset in part by higher digital gaming revenues. For consumer products, revenue and profit held up well in the quarter. As we look ahead, the fourth quarter in part reflects licensee sales from the third quarter. It is a bigger quarter for the category and retailers are being very cautious with inventory management given store closures and lower sales in licensed categories. This also had an impact on Family Brands in the eOne segment. Despite the decline in net revenues, operating profit and operating profit margin increased due to increased revenue from high profit digital licensing and decreased advertising costs versus the 2019 initial launch of MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena. For eOne, the segment’s performance was hampered by the timing of live-action production restarts in the TV and film business and lower digital content advertising revenues. The segment reported a small adjusted operating loss due to these lower revenues.  For Hasbro overall, gross margin increased 180 basis points, including both cost of sales and program cost amortization, driven by favorable product mix and inventory cost management. Program amortization is expected to be more in line with last year’s levels as a percentage of revenue for the fourth quarter. Advertising declined to 7.7% of revenues on lower spend at eOne due to the lack of theatrical releases, as well as lower advertising within the commercial business.  Given the expected shift of digital gaming launches from Q4 to Q1 2021, advertising is expected to be at similar levels as a percentage of revenue in Q4. While SD&A declined in dollars it was up as a percentage of revenues. Cost savings are having a favorable impact, but freight expense was up on the higher domestic U.S. and European orders, as well as the alignment of accounting for certain eOne expenses in the current year versus last. We expect fourth quarter to be more in-line with last year’s level as a percent of revenues. The underlying tax rate for the quarter was 19.8%, compared to 18.2% last year. The rate is driven by the change in geographic mix of income and the impact of the eOne acquisition. As I mentioned to start, during the quarter we recorded incremental tax expense, which increased our effective rate to 26.5%. This expense was related to the U.K. Finance Act of 2020 enacted during the quarter that maintained the U.K. corporate income tax at 19% instead of the previously enacted reduction to 17%. This resulted in the re-measurement of our U.K. net deferred tax liability, driving the rate higher. In closing, the team has continued to do an outstanding job and I could not be prouder of them. We are set up for a good holiday season leveraging our broad portfolio, including strength in games, customer relationships and ecomm expertise backed by strong execution of the team. We are watching the development of COVID-19 infections in various markets around the world, but so far, retail has remained accessible to customers, including through ecommerce. We are leveraging our global manufacturing partners to have supply to meet demand, and eOne is back in production with more deliveries anticipated in the fourth quarter and some shifting into 2021. We feel good about next year and our opportunity to execute successfully with innovative products, robust entertainment, and strong execution from our global teams. We have invested to ensure Hasbro is best positioned to drive profitable revenue growth around our blueprint. As we look to the next stage of our company, we’ve pivoted to create not only more entertainment based on our brands, but more profitable entertainment. We have over thirty Hasbro properties in development with eOne across various platforms, which drive high-margin revenue streams in entertainment, consumer products, and digital gaming. Combined with revenue growth from our core toy and game business and the pipeline of digital games in development, we are set up well for delivering improved profits and cash flow for the long-term. I’ll now turn back to Brian for some closing remarks before we take your questions. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Deb. I want to take a minute and recognize John Frascotti. Earlier this month, we announced that John has decided to retire after 13 years with Hasbro when his existing contract ends in March of 2021. John has been an important part of our senior management team since 2008, and a loyal colleague, mentor and friend to so many of us over the years. In addition to the leadership roles he has held, John has always been a champion for our culture, our purpose and our values. He embodies the idea of servant leadership and his impact on our company will be felt long after he departs. John leaves big shoes to fill, but I am extremely confident in the leadership of our company and the strength of our teams to lead Hasbro into the future. Deb and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is coming from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Good morning everyone. And Brian, I would echo your comments on John. John we are going to miss you. My question is really about the Hasbro properties and development with eOne, I’m wondering if you can talk a little bit more about just how broad based – what different form factors that might take? And I think Deb, your comments on more profitable growth is really intriguing. If you could just talk really quickly about what you're most excited about in that pipeline that would be great? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Good morning, Steph. First, we saw some announcements over the last week or so. Jonathan Entwistle has come on board. He will be handling the development of both live action television around Power Rangers in addition to the kid’s oriented TV show that's in its 27th season. We'll also be working on a live action film. The team is busy working on DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS live action feature film. They're also working on a couple of different approaches, because there is so much mythology in Canon to - DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS for live action television. And there's been very strong interest. We've talked about how many global streamers and other terrestrial broadcasters have been very interested in DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS. For next year, we will have a My Little Pony theatrical feature film, it'll be the first CGI film that the team is producing. It looks beautiful, and we're very excited about next fall. It'll come to theatres in September next year. And then as we go across the different IPs, what we're seeing is incredible interest in scripted shows as we develop more game show type formats, and other fun formats, like we've seen coming onto the Food Network this fall, which is a Candy Land TV show hosted by Kristin Chenoweth. We've also seen very strong demand desire for IP around the Hasbro brands and scripted television. Let me remind you that just this past summer, we had a scripted animated show called War for Cybertron, for Transformers. It was only six episodes, and yet that show posted top performance across the entire Netflix platform during June and July and August. And in fact drove considerable growth in Transformers brands. So, we're seeing the connection between creating great IP and the response that we're getting from fans and families. In fact, Transformers POS has been quite strong, and Transformers was up in the United States. As a result, as we now take that out around the world, we expect to continue to see how the teams are able to drive our brands off of that great IP spend. Just as we've seen great streaming content work for Disney+ and the Mandalorian. So, there's many, many new initiatives that are coming. And as we've said, we've got more than 30 brands and more than 40 projects stood up, some brands will get the benefit of both film and television treatments. And we're very excited they've made – the teams have made more progress than we could have ever imagined. I guess it's the silver lining in our playbook for 2020 as we all work through this COVID environment, and we're all on screens together. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Yeah. I would add to that too Steph that, you know, we've been continuing with our integration activities, we're on track to deliver the 20 million in cost savings we talked about this year and next year with our – we expect to have more in cost savings. So, when you think about creating this wonderful entertainment around our brands, being able to leverage the blueprint, achieving the cost savings that we've talked about, and we're well on track for hitting our $130 million in synergies by the end of 2022. You know that's going to lead to greater profit for our company and based on these investments along with digital gaming, we really see the benefit of the acquisition over the long-term. 2020 has been an interesting year for all of us, But you know, we continue to think the future looks very bright for our company.
Steph Wissink: Deb, if I could just to close the loop, I think you mentioned program amortization in the fourth quarter would be flat on a pro forma to the prior year, can just give us the base number, just to square up that for our model?
Deb Thomas: Yeah, absolutely. Then the pro forma number last year was 7.1%. So, we're looking at a number similar to that for the fourth quarter. Around that level.
Steph Wissink: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Handler: Yes, thank you very much. Deb, since eOne is a bit of a black box in terms of modeling, just wondered if you could maybe give us a sense of if TV film entertainment was like 166 million in the third quarter, do you expect deliveries to result in that number being higher in the fourth quarter, about the same, I think last year on a on a pro forma fourth quarter number it was 179 million, just sort of give us some directional color and how to think about that for modeling purposes?
Deb Thomas: I think last year in the fourth quarter, you know, looking at with translation and everything else, overall the eOne segment was around [213 million] [ph] in the quarter if you think about overall. However, if you think about this fourth quarter, you know, we're really excited. We believe that we could grow revenues and adjusted EPS from our pro forma Q4 results of 2019 overall as a company, because well eOne and the live action production that’s returning, we've been in production on animated overall [training] [ph] for better deliveries. Some of those will move into the first quarter just because, you know, as Brian mentioned earlier, we started our biggest live action production late in the third quarter. So, you kind of think about finishing it and delivering it, some of that's going to shift when we start getting through all of those episodes. But overall, our brands and our business, including the Hasbro business is performing very well.  The only thing I would remind people of is our comps from last year, we had a big quarter for Frozen. Our Frozen business was the highest fourth quarter – had the highest fourth quarter sales ever across the G5 for the brand in all the categories that we have rates according to NPD. So, while Star Wars is performing well ahead, we do have that big comp in Frozen, but we do believe we could grow revenues and adjusted EPS from Q4 of a year ago.
Eric Handler: Okay, and then just as a follow up, your retail inventories were down in the third quarter, or your owned inventories were down in third quarter on a year-over-year basis, how much of that is due to because you have tough comps with last year with Star Wars and Frozen? How much is just, you know getting back up to speed?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, if you look at the Star Wars business in the third quarter was up considerably. In fact, Star Wars is performing at a very high level. So, we had the inventory on Star Wars and the brand was up high double digits for the quarter. It's up high double digits year-to-date. It's really been about very strong demand across the portfolio for our products. We talked a bit about the fact that games back and as we reported second quarter had been at low fill rates, those still rates began to notch upwards throughout the quarter. So, from July – end of July to August, August to September, and exiting the third quarter as we look at October, the month of October POS, we're seeing our POS for the month of October our games up 17.9% so far, and our Toys are up 16.4% so far.  So, we did have – if you recall for the year-to-date, sell through on games, you know, online game sales were up 70% year-to-date and in the U.S. business was up 39%, and in the global international or globally, Games were up 29%. So, we had sold a lot of games and we needed to catch up. And we're seeing that now as we head into fourth quarter. So, yes, retailer inventories are down, down in several different areas in the U.S., down in Mexico. As Deb mentioned, managing that business so that we can stabilize and grow again for 2021, and down in a couple other territories. Up slightly in Europe, because the European business is performing very well, was up 7% in the quarter with growth from franchise brands, gaming, and partner brands in the quarter. And so again, this is the cadence that we're executing this year as a result of high demand and then trying to catch up in certain categories.
Eric Handler: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you so much. And that's a – your answer is a great segue to my question. So, you had talked about just kind of catching up on the game side and I’m wondering if we could just move to the Franchise side? And maybe you could just dissect that a little bit in terms of what's in there, and how that did you know, NERF, BABY ALIVE, PLAY-DOH, and also, I guess on the family brands, Deb, you mentioned that the retailers are being cautious with inventory, and it affected this line. So, I was wondering if you could elaborate there. Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Sure. So, if you look at Franchise Brands growth, globally was up 4%. I think it's most interesting as we get some of the new products into the market, that franchise brands in the United States and Canada and North America, were up 20%. And we saw growth and five of our franchise brands with NERF just about flat to a year ago in revenues. And My Little Pony was down and we talked, we have a big movie approach for next year. If you look at NERF POS, it grew globally, by nearly 4%, it was up more than 7% in North America. You know, again, we talked about how, coming out of India as we've expanded our strategic sourcing footprint that that was benefiting us, but it also led to some delays on some new products, but we have seen really good takeaway. We have three new segments for Q4 on NERF, the Elite 2.0, which is that core of Blaster, it's off to a very strong start. Our ULTRA product is doing quite well that's the one that flies 120 feet and we're up to ULTRA 5, so five new blasters there. And then we have a new mega blaster and a holiday item for ULTRA called the [Faro], which is going to sell for about $50 U.S. And we feel really good about all of that. And then you add to that new fortnight blasters, which are again performing quite well. And a really break frame social marketing campaign called NERF House; it's got a great lineup of celebrities and athletes. So that brand is performing well. And I think we're at an inflection point now as we catch up on production. And we respond to just the strong demand that's out there. We talked about PLAY-DOH being up for the quarter and POS was up. We have a lot of new compounds launching. We talked a bit about Transformers, which was a brand that was up in North America, POS is up double digits. And again, really responding to the content on Netflix, as well as the content that we have for kids and for preschoolers and Cybertron, and for Rescue Bots Academy. The only other brand I'd cite, you know, again with challenges in supply, our shipments are down a bit on Power Rangers, but our POS on Power Rangers for Q3 was up high double-digits 77% and year-to-date that POS was up by more than 100%. So the, you know, again, the new episodes, we're very excited about the new creative stewardship that's coming. They're performing incredibly well. We have 900 episodes available on Netflix, and new products coming from the holidays. And [Steph], you may have mentioned another brand, I'm not sure which one…
Felicia Hendrix: Oh, yeah, I was talking in the family brands, you know Deb mentioned that retailers are being cautious with inventory, which affected that line. So, just wanted some more color there.
Deb Thomas: Oh, boy. Yes. Thanks, Felicia. I – you know, it's interesting, because if you look at our largest customers, they remain Walmart, Target, and Amazon, right. And all three of them have remained largely open and operating for toys and games. And, in fact, you know, it's really a low single digit percent of our stores. Retailers are closed globally right now, but when you look at consumer products, licensing and family and brands is in that category, has a lot in that category. For consumer products, revenue and profit held up well in the quarter, but when you think about the fourth quarter is going to reflect part of the sales from the third quarter. It's a bigger quarter for the category, year-on-year when you look at comps. Those retailers are being very cautious with inventory management, given that there are still store closures and that there are lower sales and licensed categories. So when you think about things like, you know, apparel, back to school, kind of was an interesting back to school year, this year right? This is having an impact. So, that's why we say, we're still watching the fourth quarter. We think it'll have an impact on that segment, which impacts family and brands a bit as well. But overall, the health of the whole segment is good. It's just going to have some impact in the fourth quarter from those continued store closures and retailer cautiousness with inventory in those categories.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, that's helpful. And just as my follow up, I mean, it sounds like, you know, you guys are kind of chasing demand in the fourth quarter like others are in the industry, you know, as we kind of assess the puts and takes there where would your biggest risks be? [Indiscernible] satisfying that demand.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So, you know, what we said back at the end of Q2 as we spoke together at the end of July, we said that our fill rates were low, we intended to catch up by the end of third quarter, we've made a lot of progress in catching up. We're still behind on the games category, just given the substantial demand that we're seeing there, but we've talked about successfully launching NERF and several other brand initiatives, [indiscernible] partner brands, and Star Wars is having – had a great Q3, our PRINCESS business, Disney, Disney Princesses business was up in Q3, year-to-date Frozen business was up, BEYBLADE has held up very well. So, our toy business now for the month of October comes from some of the big omni-channel events, and the early launches for the holiday through the prime days. Toys are up more than 16% to 16.4%. Games are nearly 18%. So that catch up that we've talked about through the third quarter and in supply is starting to have a good impact on demand.
Deb Thomas: And the only thing I would just say is, you know, we continue to watch that the consumer products category just because some of those license categories just aren't as strong at retail right now.
Felicia Hendrix: Understood. And John, bittersweet, goodbye. Thank you for all your help over the years. And we'll miss you.
John Frascotti: Thanks Felicia.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Thank you so much. John it has been great working with you. We’ll definitely miss you. Best of luck with everything. It seems like retail has held up strongly into October, I'm mostly trying to understand whether it is in-line with what you have planned for in your production plans earlier this year? And whether there are any production limitation related caps as we are looking to Q4?
Brian Goldner: Well, you know, we're sitting here today with the benefit of being about a third of the way through the fourth quarter at the end of October. And so we expect the holiday season to be a good one. We've talked about the fact that we have a lot of new products launching, and Deb talked about the fact that we could grow this year on a pro forma basis, versus 2019. And there, you know, a little more than 60 days left and we – again, we feel very good about this holiday season. It's great to see the level of consumer takeaway. It's also great through our research to understand how many new fans and families are coming into the category, which really bodes well for 2021 as we continue to execute with innovation and IP and games. Remember, we also had a great benefit that MAGIC: THE GATHERING, as we described would have more releases, those releases were very well received by players in Q3, and we have a continuation of some really good releases into Q4. But we feel good about where we are right now. Again, there's enough room left in the calendar year to have a good holiday season, and to turn the page and move on to a great 2021.
Operator: Next question is from the line of David Beckel with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
David Beckel: Hey, thanks so much. My primary question relates to YouTube, which you called out, again this quarter as a minor headwind on the advertising side. Just curious if you can expand a little bit on that. Is it a function of lower ad rates, ad loads, or lower engagement sort of relatedly if you don't mind expanding just generally on digital engagement trends that you're seeing across your portfolio of brands, they'll be really helpful? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, sure. The digital engagement, the viewership of our brands has been outstanding. PEPPA continues to be the most viewed brand in those formats around the world. We're also seeing as the team is taking on more of our brands with MY LITTLE PONY, improving viewership as a team has managed that quite well and other brands from Hasbro's portfolio to their oversight and the way they manage the algorithms and deliveries of social content and YouTube content. So, it's been quite good. Engagement for PJ MASKS is quite strong. Additional productions for PJ MASKS and PEPPA are good. It’s all about the change to the algorithm that YouTube made to be more restricted to advertisers. We just limit some of the advertising revenues that we claim as the way we manage that business. And the team has always done a very good job much better than Hasbro and you want in managing that and gaining those revenues and being able to drive revenue growth. We think it will get healthier over time, but right now, of course, we're just responding to the changes in the rules making about the way advertisers can advertise in kid’s content. Deb, I don't know if you want to add?
Deb Thomas: I was going to say, it was – there were some other changes that were made last year that just impacted it for the quarter. It was a bigger impact for the quarter than as Brian said, the algorithms have changed. And we're seeing that this year, but it was just a particularly bigger impact on the quarter. So, we wanted to call it out.
David Beckel: Got it. Helpful, thanks. And just as a quick follow up, I don't think you mentioned it specifically, but I'm curious if you can kind of frame for us, how much of an effect the inability to meet demand because of supply chain constraints affected POS in the quarter? 
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think that if you look at the POS number, I think the biggest impact if you look at Global POS being up mid-single-digits was the fact that Latin America was down substantially as we get that business healthy and get it on track for 2021. Also, hoping that COVID, the major impact it’s having there begins to dissipate. So, we've gotten retail inventories in line with retail inventory in Mexico, for example being down nearly 20%. And that has an impact.  If you look across the regions, North America had double digit POS gains in the quarter. And Asia Pacific had double-digit POS gains in the quarter; Europe had mid-single-digit POS gains. So, it's just the average that comes out to mid-single-digits, POS gains because of the Latin American decline as we work through the issues related to the substantial COVID impact, restrictions on stores, the lack of as robust ecomm business, but I say, overall as we are now entering the October period with more supply to see high teens, POS growth for both games and toys has us well-positioned for the holiday.
David Beckel: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Tami Zakaria with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, thank you so much for taking my question. So, could you comment on your plans around digital gaming launches next year? Any comments on the format of those meaning, would those be mobile or PC, Free to Play, any details you can share?
Brian Goldner: Sure. So, if you look at, you know, MAGIC: THE GATHERING for the quarter, it performed quite well and as you know, our storytelling around MAGIC: THE GATHERING is synchronized between what we do in the analog business and in digital and Magic Arena performed quite well, and it was up in the quarter. As we go forward, Magic Arena, now having over 2.8 billion games play, which is up quite a lot since Q2 still shows that people are playing on average nine hours a week, will move Magic Arena to mobile and early 2021, which is of course the most popular format for gaming that ubiquity and number of players should really benefit the brand. We're continuing to work with Tencent to publish Magic Arena for China. We also have Spellslingers coming, which is a casual mobile game for MAGIC: THE GATHERING, which will come following the move to mobile. DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS, right now you can play in Early Access on Steam, I was actually playing it, it's quite a great game called Baldur's Gate 3. For those fans, it's off to a very strong start. That's available now in Early Access, and it will launch fully in 2021. We then have Dark Alliance from two games that comes in 2021, as well, and the team is making great progress there. We've seen some of the early work and that's very exciting as well. And then there's a raft of games that talks about the R&D work that's going on. [The Rafter] games that will come in the future for years 2022, 2023, 2024. It's all in development as we speak, and it will line-up with the initiatives of those brands, as well as with our entertainment approach that we're now developing, fully developing.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That’s really helpful. And then another quick one from me, the quarter to date POS trends you mentioned in October, is that including Amazon Prime and some of the deal dates from other retailers, or are those POS numbers normalized for those events?
Brian Goldner: We just took the – we took the, effectively the month, the first month, October. So, yes, those impacts are in there, but those were over specific days. If you look at the progress we've made even over the last week, [following prime], the numbers are quite strong. So, I don't want to get down to kind of week by week POS, but just suffice it to say for the month, those are really good numbers. The peaks during the prime days were even higher, but overall, we're seeing day for day really good growth around our brands. And we're back in stock on new initiatives like NERF, PLAY-DOH, as our games in stocks have improved.  And we're very excited as we come up in the next week, we'll have a big launch around the Mandalorian, new season that's coming. We have more than 20 items available for the child product [indiscernible] products around Star Wars. Star Wars is performing at a very high level this year. We expect a good holiday season, which should enable us to have good performance from our partner brand category recognizing what Deb said earlier, which is, we have very strong comps from a year ago, but it at least positions us well in partner brands and allows our business to continue to move forward.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Very helpful as always. Thank you so much. And to John, you will be missed dearly. Best of luck to you, and thanks for all the help.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Hey guys. Good morning. Brian, I wonder if you could comment on your expectations for MAGIC: THE GATHERING in 4Q, you gave us some good detail entering 3Q and your expectations there. And then I have a follow up.
Brian Goldner: Sure. So, you know, I'll give you a, kind of a little bit of progress. On Q4, you'll see at least three really robust launches coming up. We have a Zendikar Rising product that will be specifically around [fans and gifting]. We have a Commander Legends product that we’ll launch in November and Secret Lair will continue into November as well. What’s interesting is that we made a number of launches in Q3 that are continuing to have an impact into Q4 as well. More offerings that were very well released that – very well received by the players, Double Masters set was released in Q3. The Core Set 2021 was our best Core Set of all times because it contains these must have cards for tournament play. It also welcomed a lot of new players into Magic for more at home play and many new and in franchise players really like that offering. We also had added this jumpstart booster and collective boosters. They'll continue to roll out in the fourth quarter because we had some production challenges.  We had talked about that before. And we're going to roll that out into the EU in Q4. Jumpstart for those of you interested allows the players to immediately get into the game with these ready to play 60 card decks. And the Commander Legends combines two of Magic’s most popular formats of Commander and Draft. So, I think you've got a lot of analog play coming into Q4. We talked about how [force entertainment] always leads engagement and we were well-positioned to finish the year out strongly from [indiscernible].
Drew Crum: Got it. Okay, very helpful. And then, Deb, $369 million of long-term debt classified as a current liability on the balance sheet, can you talk about what the company's plans would be to address that upcoming maturity? Would you pay it down or look to refinance? Thanks.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, within our debt, as you know, about this year, we've only got really committed to pay 22 million, 23 million onto our term loans, and we're on track for that. And, you know, depending on how liquidity and our cash position goes, we may address some of that debt earlier, or we may wait till May of next year. It's predominantly due in the May timeframe. Right now, our plans would be to pay that debt down with our current plans.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Ng: Great, thank you very much for the question. It was encouraging to hear about the revenue and EPS growth for the fourth quarter, given the content delivery shifts for eOne, I was just wondering if you could talk about how that might affect gross margins for the fourth quarter, and just about your expectations for gross margins more broadly? Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Well, overall, for eOne, you know, we said deliveries – they're on track, we have, you know, we have a lot of items and productions in the pipeline right now, right. So, we said some of those could shift into Q1 as we look at them overall, but you know, the COVID, I would just add, you know, COVID protocols are increasing costs on some of our productions. So, they're increasing them at different rates, and different productions. So, when we think about margins; that's going to be something we need to look at over the long-term to see how that plays out. Now we see some of those costs are actually reducing since we've been back in production, but I think that's something we'll be looking at over the long-term. So, when you think it over about overall margins, you have to kind of factor in that a bit, but we did say that our expectation is just based on product mix, that, you know, we had good product mix, the more of some of our gaming brands we sell in the quarter, the more brands like MAGIC: THE GATHERING, we sell in the quarter that improves our cost of sales from a product mix standpoint.  And our program production, we said we thought would be around the same levels as a year ago, as a percent of revenue, which was about in the fourth quarter 7%. So, we'll have to see over time, how our margins get impacted by those additional COVID costs, but you know, right now, we expect those program production costs to be about the same level for Q4 as they were a year ago.
Michael Ng: Great, thank you. And just as a follow up to eOne more broadly, you know, eOne’s obviously been impacted by a lot of exogenous factors because of, you know, Live TV production, theater closures, I was just wondering, do you see eOne revenues getting back to those 2019 pro forma revenues at some point in the near future when things get back to normal or, you know, is there just something structural in this new environment that prevents us from getting back there? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, no, Mike, the short answer is we do expect that eOne revenues can grow and grow back to being more the way they were in the recent past. Recognize a couple things that will be very beneficial to the company, increasingly those revenues will have more Hasbro IP attach, more of our production capital spend will be around Hasbro IP. Over time, we'll continue that mix shift into more Hasbro IP, which has that knock on benefits that Deb described in her prepared remarks where it enables us to get more consumer products licensing, it enables us to drive more of our high margin toys and game business, it enables us to provide profitable entertainment versus looking at entertainment as a more of a marketing expense. And then it will also support the Wizards of the Coast brands that have such deep cannon and mythology and the opportunity to take that to [families and friends] is really substantial. So, we do believe that, you know we've got to get through the phases of COVID. We have to apply the protocols to our productions and we're doing that. We have 25 productions up and running right now around the world.  We're sharing some of those COVID costs with our broadcasters or others who have sponsored or paying for the shows. So there are some shared costs. That's why Deb said, we've got to look at where the shared costs are and the ultimate costs, but the big picture answer is that we see the opportunity to not only go back to where eOne was in the recent history, but to grow beyond that over time and to drive a full range of Hasbro IP, both Vault IP, as well as [in-market IP] to audiences and to consumers around the world.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you, Brian. Thank you, Deb. And, John, I'll echo others comments on the call that it was a pleasure working with you and learning from you. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Devin Brisco with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Devin Brisco: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I just have a couple on e-commerce; do you still expect ecomm to be about 30% or more of sales for the full-year? Is the proportion of your sales mix that came from ecomm in the quarter in-line with that expectation? And could you just walk through e-commerce POS trends by category or your major brands?
Brian Goldner: Sure. You know, we do expect ecomm to probably be about a third of our total global sales by the end of the year. We mentioned that ecomm sales in the quarter had grown by 50%. So, clearly continue to track forward. And also, we saw more store re-openings, which you know, balances that ecomm sales as a percent of total sales, but ecomm growth in the U.S., in the third quarter was 35%. Year-to-date it's been 65%, our Franchise Brands were up 34%, Partner Brands were up 54%, Emerging Brands were up 79%, Specific Brands like Monopoly were up 31%, PLAY-DOH 56%, and Europe was up 16%. So, anyway, you just see that, you know, strength to strength that we have a lot of our growth in this category, recognizing that it's on track to be about a third of our business for the full-year.
Devin Brisco: Okay, thank you. And the gap between POS trends relative to shipments meaningfully improved from the second quarter? It was still a headwind, is this delta something that we should expect to continue to improve, particularly as you catch up on some demand in the games category?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, I think that, you know, our goal overall, we said was, as the point as we ended the third quarter, we expected to be [run rate] catching up, you know, the demand in certain categories is still outstripping supply. To some extent, that's why we made some of the comments on the call. But some of our new gaming initiatives and games category are quite popular, some of our new products and therefore very popular, but overall, I would say, we should have demand much more in line with supply in Q4. And that's why we said, we expect a good holiday. Deb, I don’t know if you have a comment there.
Deb Thomas: You know, and I think – I think the only thing I would just add is, we continue to watch kind of what's happening with some of our manufacturers around the world, especially in places like India. You know, some markets, we're not worried. We have essential supply status, doubtless, you know, first and foremost, we are concerned about our employee health, and that includes our third party manufacturing employee’s health as well. So, we want to be cognizant of that, but you know, to the extent we have some shutdowns around the world. We may still be catching up, you know, come Q1.
Devin Brisco: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerrick Johnson: Thank you. Good morning. And also congratulations to John, the nicest guy in the toy business. Hey, so where you're chasing, it sounds like games, and those are factories that ramped up a little bit late, how much better could your overall sales revenues have been in a quarter if you shipped what you wanted to have shipped? And related to that also, are there any other distribution issues, which you know about other than just factories starting up late? How are your warehouses and the rest of the distribution channel supply chain?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, look, clearly, we've seen where Games has been a year to date, and in the third quarter, clearly, it grew, but less so. The POS trends that we're now seeing in Q4 are indicative of the fact that we've been catching up on supply. And the team has done a great job. Deb mentioned that, you know, Ireland is going through six-week shut down, but our Irish factory has achieved essential status and it continues to produce. And we've done that around the world to try to help protect our business, and to finish out the year, very positively. In Q4, we're shipping a lot of new initiatives, and we are continuing to watch certain areas like India, but we're seeing the products come in, and we're seeing the strong demand. I don't know that Deb, if you want to comment further on.
Deb Thomas: Yeah, I was going to say, I mean, I think our teams have worked so hard to put really good protocols in place to make sure within our warehouses and our third party manufacturing, that our employees are safe, and they can come to work. So, first and foremost, you know, I got to give a big shout out to all of our warehouse employees that have just been tremendous for all this and have been so responsible and how – how they're doing business right now. So, it's really, it's – they've been just really terrific. But, you know, we do continue watch. There's certain states that we manufacture, and particularly in India, I think that, you know, give us some level of concern, but overall, really, you know, we are catching up on demand.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. And then on Magic, can you just give us what the split is right now between digital and physical? You don’t have to give us an absolute dollar number, but your percent split 50/50, 60/40, what's the split between the two that's contributing right now?
Deb Thomas: No, I think we continue to see, you know, the analog business of course has been around a lot longer than the digital business. So, as you'd expect, that's probably a larger size, but the interesting things are, we continue to say when we launch things on Arena, as well as what we're building for the future on the digital side of the business and on the mobile space, you know, it's giving a lift to the analog business as well. So, the overall, the, you know, the releases have just been so well received. And as we release more in digital, it is giving that lift to analog, but analog is the larger piece. So…
Gerrick Johnson: [So, larger] Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Jim Chartier with Monness Crespi. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Chartier: Hi, thanks for fitting me in. Just a quick question. So, wonder if you could let us know how much of eOne revenue historically is tied to the movie box office, and live music events? 
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, the first thing is, eOne has been very facile in moving movies over time from theatrical to streamed movies where they get paid and make a margin. And so I'm not concerned in the short-term that eOne’s movies are – won't benefit from exhibition, and we can't sell them, as everyone is looking for, increasingly is looking for content. The music business has performed well, has held up well. It's a smaller piece of the total, eOne business. Deb, I don't know if you want to comment further?
Deb Thomas: Yeah. I was just looking at some, you know, it is a smaller piece of the business, but it's the piece of the business that definitely has been impacted by the inability to do touring, and you know, with some of the recording acts, as well as the [think revenues] and advertising have been impacted as well, but it is a smaller piece of the business.
Jim Chartier: Right. That's helpful. Thanks. Best of luck in fourth quarter.
Deb Thomas: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call over to Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star, zero on your telephone keypad. Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company’s performance and an update on the company’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question and answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These statements include, among others, the impact of the coronavirus on our business, financial results and liquidity, our efforts to protect the health and wellbeing of our workforce, customers, consumers, manufacturers and suppliers, our efforts to ensure we have adequate liquidity, and our initiatives to support our communities, including our global workforce, children and their families during these difficult times. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, and today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you Debbie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Our global teams continue to execute well working at distance and across businesses that are rapidly evolving. They are leveraging our experience, data, insights and capabilities to address the ways in which this global pandemic has challenged us, and we are making significant progress in this third quarter while we’re headed toward a good holiday season. Our belief in the opportunity for Hasbro over the next few years has also intensified as we see this team in action during this challenging year. While there is a great deal of unpredictability, the year so far is unfolding in line with the expectations we shared with you last quarter. The second quarter is expected to be our most difficult as we experience closures in many of our third party factories, at retail, and in entertainment production, which negatively impacted revenues. We believe the third quarter will improve from the second quarter and we expect to make progress, but there are evolving situations that exist around the world. Finally, we are executing strong marketing campaigns and launching innovative new products to support what we believe can be a successful holiday season. As a grounding principle, we remain focused on the four key areas we shared with you in April: demand, supply, Iiquidity, and community. Looking at demand, consumers continue to seek out Hasbro brands and our content at high levels. Global point-of-sale increased in the high single digits and has continued to be strong as we enter the third quarter across an even broader array of our brands. Engagement in our content is in several cases at record levels. In recent months, the number of retail stores open has increased dramatically. We began the second quarter with approximately 30% or more of stores where we are doing business closed globally. Foot traffic was down in certain European countries by as much as 50% at the peak. Today, we are below 10% of retail closed globally with the greatest impact in Latin America, where approximately 25% of stores remain closed. These percentages are changing based on the ability to reopen economies and keep them open. We expect Latin America will be a difficult region for us in 2020 given the impact of COVID-19 and the small percentage of business executed online. Globally ecomm grew rapidly as it represents where the consumer has the broadest access to the Hasbro brands they want. At nearly 30% of our toy and game revenue in the quarter, ecomm’s share of revenue expanded by nearly 13 percentage points. Our teams were ready to capitalize on this shift as we have been investing in building a digital-first organization for many years. During this time, we furthered our capabilities and exhibited great creativity and flexibility to meet the consumer where they want to shop. In addition to strong results from pure play and omnichannel ecomm, Hasbro Pulse, our D2C channel had a record quarter and implemented successful campaigns, including Fan First Friday which brings fans something new and exciting each and every week about the brands they love. Earlier this quarter, we launched what is now our most successful HasWeb project ever, the X-Men Legends Marvel Sentinel. It hit our funding threshold in 24 hours and after 10 days has more than 11,000 backers for a $350 collectible item. While Pulse is still a relatively small revenue number, this connection with our fans is powerful and will grow over time. Demand remains strong for our games and Play Doh, but the production shutdowns we discussed last quarter, which began mid-March and lasted till about mid-May, impacted our ability to fully meet demand during the quarter. In-stock levels for games and Play Doh were below our normal thresholds and we expect to be caught up later this quarter and ready for the holiday. Production disruption also impacted certain product timing for delivery in the second half of the year. Nerf saw growth in second quarter global POS as we quickly pivoted our strategy to capitalize on consumers looking for fun ways to get the family outside and active. In the U.S. and Europe, POS for the past several weeks increased double digits, but some of our second half launches have shifted about a month later due to the limited supply coming out of India. In addition, as retailers moved to a digital model and stores were closed, their retail inventory requirements declined. In the U.S., retail inventories reduced in the high teens, which represented about seven weeks of inventory. Similar shifts occurred in other markets. We believe the digital-led model will continue with ecomm today forecasted to be about 30% or more of our full year revenues. We also believe some retailers may exhibit caution as they gauge the rate at which markets reopen and shoppers return to stores. The industry continues to undergo a shift to fulfilling consumer demand versus filling stores, and we are very well positioned. Throughout this year, our retailers and our consumers have supported the toy and game category and our joint plans with retail partners give us confidence in our ability to deliver a good holiday season. We have all new initiatives, many more than I can cover here, including new products for brands with good momentum in gaming and Nerf, as well as Disney’s Frozen 2 and Lucasfilms Star Wars, where the properties have seen great consumer demand and have strong new lines, including the retail arrival of product featuring the Child from the Disney Plus series, The Mandalorian, and the much anticipated animatronic edition arrives for the holidays. MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues were down in the quarter as forecasted. The brand is performing well overall and set up for a good second half of the year in both analog and digital play behind new card releases and the expansion of MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena to mobile and into China. Moving to supply, our supply chain is now in good position. We have returned to production in our third party factories. China factories were caught up in early second quarter and we anticipate catching up on demand in other locations by the latter half of this quarter. Our global operations team has worked diligently to maximize our global footprint, shifting production to other locations where feasible, and have re-forecasted the year based on the changes to mix and timing. Next, liquidity. Hasbro is in a strong financial position and we ended the quarter with just over $1 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Our revolving credit line of $1.5 billion remains available and accessible. As the shutdowns have continued, we have taken cost out of the business in areas where we cannot currently operate, including making difficult decisions to furlough some employees and to simplify our commercial organization. On the content side, E1 production is gradually returning. As a result of being unable to produce to our plan, our cash spend on content for 2020 is now projected to be approximately $450 million to $550 million. We’ll complete and deliver this content this year, but our slate and some revenues will also shift into 2021. Demand for E1 content is strong and the team is doing good work executing a successful virtual Cannes and developing over 100 film and 60 new TV projects, including Hasbro IP and new IP. We launched a new animated series on Netflix, Alien TV, and continued to develop and produce new content for Peppa Pig, PJ Mask, and the My Little Pony 2021 feature film. We have made great progress integrating our businesses, including combining our consumer products and entertainment teams, and remain on track to deliver the $130 million in synergies by year end 2022. Importantly, we are working to unlock the long term value of the organization as we develop new entertainment and commercial opportunities around Hasbro IP. Finally, community. Our focus on our purpose to make the world a better place for all children and all families has never been more important. Hasbro has continued to support global philanthropic initiatives that bring belief to children and their families worldwide during this crisis by providing meals, as well as learning materials to those most in need. We remain deeply committed to using our brands, our resources and our expertise to help make a difference in our local communities and around the world. We’ve applied this belief to the ongoing dialog across our company around racial injustice, listening and looking within ourselves and our organization critically and honestly. While we don’t have all the answers, we have never been more committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and using our brands, our entertainment and our influence to make a difference in the world. At Hasbro, we are in a unique position to help shape minds and hearts from the earliest age. We have the privilege of being part of childhood, fandom and inter-generational play and entertainment globally. With that privilege comes a responsibility to foster inclusion and to help teach the next generation that everyone is equal and everyone is worthy. Making a difference in the world is our purpose and our legacy. We want every kid to feel like a hero, to see themselves on the screen and in their toys and games, to feel they belong and that they matter, irrespective of the color of their skin. I believe we have strengthened Hasbro this year by rethinking how we’ve done things in the past and we’ve changed our approach going forward. We’ve remained invested in areas of high consumer consumption and interest in innovation, content, digital gaming and consumer products. We’ve strengthened our path to the consumer, leveraging our digital-first multi-channel strategy and our global retail footprint. We’ve increased our agility and speed to market, adapting Hasbro plans as initiatives shifted to next year, and we are set to execute and deliver a strong 2021 across a robust line-up of entertainment and innovation with entertainment from E1 and our partners, new gaming launches and digital and table top, and new play initiatives across our brands. I’d now like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you Brian, and good morning everyone. As Brian said, our global teams have come together in 2020 and we’re operating from a position of strength. As we forecasted and shared last quarter, the second quarter was extremely challenging, but we are reassured by the strong demand for our products and our content, by our ability to reduce expenses and manage our cash, and by our team’s creativity and agility during these times. We shared with you last quarter that up to 25% of retail could be closed during the second quarter, live action entertainment production would not return until the third quarter, MAGIC: THE GATHERING would have a difficult quarter due to tough comparisons based on release cadence a year ago and revenue timing, and that profitability would be challenging. We saw those realities come to fruition. Going forward as stores reopen, entertainment production begins to return, Magic has meaningful launches in analog and digital, and we execute our marketing plans for the back half of the year, we believe the third quarter is the beginning of the road to recovery and performance should meaningfully improve from the second quarter. We expect to be positioned for a good holiday season. The ability for economies to continue reopening stores and production of both product and entertainment and keep them open will be important factors in the year’s ultimate outcome. My discussion today will be versus pro forma adjusted 2019 earnings and exclude E1 acquisition-related expenses, severance and amortization. In our reported numbers, we reflected $26.5 million after tax of one-time acquisition expenses and amortization, or an impact of $0.19 per share, and $10.1 million after tax or $0.07 per share of severance expense associated with simplifying our go-to-market approach and our film and TV businesses where operations have not returned. Our integration with E1 remains on track and we continue to target synergies of $130 million by year end 2022. This includes 2020 cost savings of approximately $20 million before one-time expenses, recognizing the E1 business like the overall Hasbro business is not operating to our original plan due to COVID-19. These synergies are planned to increase in 2021 as we begin to in-source toys and games for E1 properties and recognize more of the benefit of cost savings. We continue to focus our organization around demand, supply, liquidity and community. I will begin with liquidity. We have substantial liquidity, ending the quarter with over $1 billion in cash on the balance sheet and $1.5 billion available through our revolving credit facility. We are well within our financial covenants. Our peak working capital period remains ahead, coming in the October-November time frame. Since last quarter, we have reduced our expenses and we’re closely managing our cash, including our customer collections. Throughout the second quarter in certain markets and channels, some customers remain closed and the collection of certain receivables is delayed. We are seeing improvement as stores reopen and we’re working closely with these customers to successfully navigate this period. As a result, DSO in the period increased to 96 days from 84 days on a pro forma basis last year. Second quarter 2020 receivables include approximately $207 million associated with E1. Our cash spend on content this year has been reduced as production is limited due to COVID-19. For the full year, we plan to spend within a range of $450 million to $550 million, which is approximately $200 million below our initial expectations for the year. This reflects a delay in spend, not an elimination, and we’ll be making these investments to develop content and drive revenues as we reschedule productions in 2020 and into 2021. Our capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $145 million to $155 million this year, in line with our first quarter update, and we’ve spent $64 million in the first half of the year. Tooling for our products remains the largest item and is timed to the back half of the year. This amount also reflects the capitalization of digital gaming development expenses relate to games to be launched in future years. Inventory is essentially flat year over year, including a small contribution from E1. On a constant dollar basis, inventories were up approximately 5%. Our next focus is demand. I’ll build on Brian’s commentary. For the second quarter, revenues declined 28% absent FX. In the U.S. and Canada segment, U.S. point-of-sale growth in the high teens did not translate to revenue growth due to temporary store closures, product shortages, and lower retail inventories. Both pure play and omnichannel ecomm retail grew rapidly. Hasbro gaming revenue increased more than 20% and certain partner brands, notably Star Wars and Frozen 2, also grew. Despite lower expenses, operating profit declined on the lower revenues, including a negative mix impact from lower MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenue. International segment revenues declined as well. Revenues were down in each region with Latin America declining the most meaningfully as the region started the year with higher retail inventory and has a very low penetration of ecomm. Similar to the U.S. and Canada segment, temporary store closures, product shortages and lower retail inventory impacted shipments in the quarter. Select gaming and partner brands were up in the segment and ecomm revenues were up meaningfully. The international segment reported an operating loss versus operating profit last year as a result of the lower revenues, partially offset by lower expenses. In the entertainment, licensing and digital segment, revenues declined due to the closure of Backflip Studios in late 2019 and lower consumer product revenues. In consumer products, we estimate as many as 60% of retailers were closed during the quarter. Many of these retailers continue to be impacted and not all our licensees have access to ecomm and the supply chain that we do. We expect this part of the business will also be impacted in Q3. Profit improved in the quarter due to lower program production expense and lower expenses due in part to last year’s closure of Backflip Studios and the additional launch period advertising for MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena. In the E1 segment, while content demand by consumers remains high, revenue is hampered by the limits on live action production and delivery, along with lower consumer product sales, advertising revenues and live events. Operating profit in this segment increased due to lower program amortization, royalties, and advertising expense this year versus last. Third, let’s look at supply. As we outlined last quarter, production shutdowns in our factories during the second quarter impacted our in-stock levels, most notably in games, and delayed the delivery of certain second half 2020 launches. While factories in China, which represent 55% of or our production were open, factories in the U.S., Ireland, and India were closed for much of the quarter. Production is back and operating, and the teams are targeting the latter part of the third quarter to be caught back up. This depends on being able to ensure production can continue and staffing is at adequate levels. One area to note is the cost of air freight is up substantially this year versus last. Should we air freight product to meet demand during the holiday period, this will increase costs. As we close with community, we remain focused on our team’s safety, health and wellbeing, and we recognize what a tremendous job our teams continue to do during what is a very challenging and uncertain period. They are showing great resolve and ingenuity to chart our path forward and provide support for each other and for the communities in which we’re operating. There are learnings from this experience which will help define our company and how we operate for years to come. Before we open for questions, let me touch on a few expense items on a pro forma basis. Gross margin increased 160 basis points, including both cost of sales and program production cost amortization driven by product mix, including delivery of higher margin content and a reduction in program amortizations, somewhat offset by higher sales allowances. The decrease in advertising was driven by lower promotional spend at E1 due to the lack of theatrical releases combined with savings across all of our commercial businesses. We’ve aligned our advertising to reflect the current demand environment but also shifted the timing of spending and have meaningful promotional plans to drive consumer demand for the holiday. SD&A was down $26 million, reflecting the cost savings initiatives we’ve undertaken across the business as well as lower freight and warehousing. Bad debt expense was up about $5 million within the commercial regions, reflecting the current environment. As in the first quarter, the alignment of accounting policies on cost capitalization and stock compensation resulted in higher admin costs for E1. Within SD&A, approximately 80% of our dollars are fixed, resulting in a fluctuation as a percentage of revenue. In closing, while we continue to see the year developing as we anticipated, there remains a great deal of uncertainty in the global marketplace that underlies this expectation. What has been consistent is the robust demand for our brands and content and the strong execution by our global teams. We are positioning ourselves to execute a good holiday season and to drive our business in 2021 and beyond. Now Brian and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question is from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Hi, thank you very much. You indicated in the release that you expect revenue from shipments to brick and mortar and delivery of content to continue to be impacted by shutdowns, and I know you also mentioned consumer license revenue in your prepared remarks. Could you perhaps clarify the extent of that impact, I guess on the E1 side? I understand there could still be tied to partial resumption of production, but on the legacy toy business, it sounds like a majority of retail footprint is open, perhaps single digit in terms of percentage of total. Could you just clarify what that means and what implication that has for the back half?
Brian Goldner: Sure, good morning. First on E1, you’re right - we’ve begun to commence productions again, particularly focused on the Canadian market where we’re able to produce and in the U.K., and we’re waiting to be able to start production here in the United States, particularly in the Los Angeles area and other areas of the U.S. As we look at the plan for the year, we just want to highlight the fact that Latin American retailers will remain somewhat closed, to about 25%, which gets us to about that below 10% globally. Clearly Latin America has had more of an impact from COVID-19 and less ecommerce business - in fact, ecommerce there is about a third of the size of the percent of the business than the rest of our global business, we’re executing quite well globally, so we wanted to highlight that as well. Then just wanted to make it clear, clearly in Q2 we were starting to ship, or wanting to ship more for our second half initiatives, and clearly coming out of India where we have a lot of our Nerf production and some new items, we were not able to get that in for Q2 and so that will come in as part of Q3. We’re also catching up in the U.S. If you think about the Massachusetts factory, where many of our games and Play Doh are made as well as the Irish factory, that was closed from about mid-March to about mid-May, and so again there’s a catch-up period, but overall we feel very good about continued strong POS, that continues to expand across a broad array of products and very strong plan from Wizards of the Coast and MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS for Q3, and then moving into very good holiday season with lots of new initiatives.
Arpiné Kocharyan: That’s helpful, thank you. Then on E1, it sounds like cash spend in terms of content production for the year is lower a further 9%, and in Q1 it was down about 23% on a full year basis, and you also mentioned some slight revenue shifts, so is it fair to say that revenue on the media side of things from E1 is down more than 30% for the year?
Brian Goldner: What we’re looking at is the restarting of production, and E1 has a number of shows that had been sold around the world to different platforms, so now it’s just a matter of commencing production. Some of the difference of whether the revenue will fall in 2020 or 2021 just has to do with how many episodes we’re able to deliver this calendar year, which is our fiscal, or whether those episodes get delivered in the 2021 period, and then of course we recognize the revenues when we deliver the episodes primarily. Deb, I don’t know if you want to comment further?
Deborah Thomas: Yes, exactly Brian. The cash spend is down because we are just seeing a bit of a slower return in certain markets to be able to actually complete that production. As we look at that, it’s really a delay in delivering the episodes. Particularly think about the live action - it’s just a delay and the revenue may transfer into 2021 as to when we’re actually able to complete it.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Stephanie Wissink: Thanks, good morning everyone. We have two questions. One is a housekeeping question. Brian, you mentioned LatAm has a significant under-indexing in ecomm. I’m wondering if you can just march us around the world and talk about ecomm as a percentage of the total mix in the big regions, just so we can understand the scope of penetration. Then my bigger picture question is just as you think about maybe what you have missed in opportunity in the first half of the year. How much should we think about the ability to recoup some of that in the back half in both E1 and on the toy side in terms of demand? I think, Brian, you mentioned seven weeks of supply in channel - that’s pretty low, so curious about how much you think you can recover and build back into channel-level inventory over the course of the next 12 to 15 weeks. Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes, thanks Steph. We built a great ecomm capability globally, so if you go around the world by region, the U.S. business is tracking right now about a third of our business is coming from ecomm and omnichannel. In Europe, it’s about 30%, and in Asia it’s about 30% as well. In Latin America, we’ve grown it substantially in an effort to try to get business done in ecomm, but yet the channel still only represents about 12% of total revenues, and that’s up about 10 percentage points versus a year ago, so the team has done a very good job of trying to make hay there, but recognize that the predominance of that retail is done in stores. That’s where we are with ecomm. As we go toward the third and fourth quarter, as is typical, we expect ecomm to continue to be a high--that high proportion of our sales; in fact, could increase even further, and the teams are prepared for that as we go into third and fourth quarter As we look for the second half of the year around our products and initiatives, we have very strong demand. Our games business is in very high demand with very strong sell-throughs, but we’ve also seen very strong sell-throughs in our Nerf business over the last six to eight weeks. We’ve seen double-digit POS increases, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, and we have retail inventory down there further than just the average 17% that we saw in overall retail inventory decline. Play Doh is down similarly. I’d say that we are taking advantage of every opportunity that we have, but recognize that some of the stores and retailers view their year as really a reopening at this point, and so they are reopening stores, we know that our major customers have been open throughout as they sold essential goods, and I think that’s particularly why we performed even better in the U.S. as our top three retailers represent about 60% of our total revenues around the world. Those top retailers represent closer to just under 40%, and so I’d say that some retailers are just reopening, particularly toy specialists. We’re seeing good momentum particularly in Europe and in Asia Pacific as they reopen - very strong recent point of sale in places like China, Australia, the U.K., France and other markets, and we are rebuilding our inventories to the extent that we are launching a lot of new initiatives. It really isn’t about shipping what was available in the first half of the year but rather teeing up what the new initiatives are for the second half. We have a very robust line-up for a brand like NERF, for example, where the Ultra line-up will come out around the world, a brand new ELITE product to RIVAL product, and that’s true across our businesses where we’re really lining up to satisfy and exceed consumer demand around the world.
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Ng: Thanks. I just have two. First, I just wanted to ask for some clarification around your comments about catching up on missed production by late 3Q. How much was the supply chain headwind in the second quarter, and do you feel like you have better visibility into the third quarter because there are written orders that have yet to be fulfilled? Then I have a quick follow-up.
Brian Goldner: Yes, it’s exactly right. We are really seeing the strong demand across a number of brands for our business, very strong demand and lots of new initiatives launching in Hasbro gaming, lots of new products across Hasbro gaming, a brand-new addition CLUE LIARS. We’ve got a brand new DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game coming for a starter set, the Adventure Begins. We’ve got DEER PONG, OPERATION PET SCAN, a whole line-up of new Monopoly games coming for the second half. Similarly, brand new Star Wars. Star Wars has been performing quite well, but in the second half of the year we have the second season of The Mandalorian and the Child product, but also very strong collector sales there, the Nerf line-up that I described, including launching NERF ULTRA and other brand new initiatives. So we have good visibility to consumer demand and our retailer plans are quite robust as we go through Q3 and into Q4.
Michael Ng: Great, and my second question was on Magic. I can appreciate there were difficult year-ago comps and there was the pull forward to 1Q that you guys had spoken about. It seemed like table top was probably down meaningfully year-over-year in the quarter. Could you just talk about some of the unique things that are impacting table top, particularly the hobby store closures? Are those stores reopening as well in the back half, and are you seeing renewed demand as those hobby stores reopen? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes, the engagement with Magic has been quite strong. The headwinds were really about shipments in the quarter and that Magic’s full year 2020 plans are still very much in line with our plan and belief that over this five-year period from 2018 to 2023, ’24, we can double the size of the Wizards business. While the card release cadence was less in Q2, we did make plans early in the year to drive more in Q1. We have a big plan for Q3 and for Q4. The Wizards Play network store has expanded by double digits in the quarter, so we’re seeing more stores reopening. In Q3, we have a core set coming, and that was just launched in early July. We have a jumpstart set that’s going to be launched later in July, and that was a set that was originally planned for a June release but we postponed the jumpstart booster to July 17, due to the production challenges that we saw. In 2019, we had the Modern Horizons set that launched in Q2, and that was a very big set for us. The comparable set in 2020 is scheduled for August, in Q3. Despite the challenging Q2 situation, Magic play is very strong. In fact, Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths, which was the early spring set where we moved more of the revenues into Q1, is actually going down as the bestselling spring set of all time, and we’re also seeing very good early interest and very high demand and strong sell-in for the core set 2021 that launched just a couple weeks ago. The rest of 2020 is filled with other yet to be announced releases for table top and for all players and all of their different play styles. Also, would mention that Magic Arena was up in the quarter even though we had less releases in the period. Remember, everything is tied to the storytelling about the brand, and we did see over 2.5 billion games played in total as we look at Magic Arena, which is up from 2.1 billion at the end of Q1. Magic Arena players are still spending about nine hours a week on average, and Arena is coming to mobile, which of course is the most played global platform and is also launching in China in partnership with Tencent. So again, we feel very good about the Magic business. It’s tracking quite well. We’d always described Q2 as a major headwind; in fact, last point, Q2 last year was the biggest quarter for Magic, so the headwinds were substantial.
Michael Ng: Great, thank you Brian.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you so much, and good morning. Brian, you’ve kind of already walked us through a lot of things and you seem to feel better about the second half than the first. Just parsing through the quarter, wondering if you could just help us understand how much of that 30% decline was attributable to store closures and supply chain issues, and then also just trying to understand what the different areas that were affected by product shortages were.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so the most important factor for Q2 is, of course, related to COVID, and our number one priority during that time was to focus on the teams that are doing excellent work. We wanted to make sure they remained safe and operating safely. During the time of Q2, we had 30% of retail closed and we had Irish, Massachusetts and India factories closed, as well as warehouses around the U.S. closed from mid-March to mid-May, so that’s the biggest impact in the quarter by far. Then as we looked, we have headwinds with MAGIC: THE GATHERING that I just described, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS but also remember a year ago was Avengers Endgame in second quarter last year. We were also gearing up for Spiderman’s movie, which came in July last year. I know that there’s been a lot of conversation about COVID, which is appropriate, but also a headwind there on the Marvel business, and we are seeing good progress on Star Wars and Frozen, but Marvel was quite substantial last Q2. We are very happy now that our domestic factories and warehouses are open, also India is back up and producing. There have been some short-term shutdowns and restrictions, but we feel very good that we’ll be able to get those products into the marketplace. Demand has remained incredibly strong. If you look at POS globally, it’s up high single digits. That’s consistent with the industry growth rates that we’ve seen from NPD. Hasbro is holding its share around the world year to date, and our franchise brands’ POS globally were up in the quarter as well. Of course, global games were up by more than 50%. The demand for--consumer demand for products is quite encouraging. As we get to second half of the year, while we may not make up all of what was missed in Q2 for reason we described, the fact is Q3 will be meaningfully better than Q2 and we expect to have a very good holiday season.
Felicia Hendrix: Great, that’s super helpful. Then just moving to Peppa and the family brands in the quarter, can you just walk us through in a little bit more detail what happened there in relation to YouTube and advertising, and was that a surprise for you?
Brian Goldner: Yes, what we saw really--a couple things around family brands. First, Peppa Pig in Q1 in China had very strong licensing programs, and remember we receive our licensing revenues in arrears, so it’s always recorded the quarter after. As we compare what was going on last year in China, the consumer product licensees that are in China, which is several, had a more challenging year this year in the first quarter in China as the market is just now reopening. They did add a lot of new content deals in China, which was positive. We did see a reduction in consumer products for PJ Masks, which was coming off of holiday 2019, and we’ve seen some challenges there. Then on YouTube, what happened is they changed the algorithm and the way that advertising was to be presented. We saw some reductions in advertising. The team is now seeing some recent bright spots there and our team internally manages all of our YouTube, including now all of the Hasbro brands IP YouTube features, but Peppa is still the number one viewed preschool property on YouTube with billions of views, so again there’s been some puts and takes there, but down primarily due again to closures and consumer products challenges in different regions around the world due to COVID closures.
Felicia Hendrix: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Beckel with Berenberg. Please proceed with your questions.
David Beckel: Hey, thanks so much for the questions. I have two, if I could. The first, I just want to touch on a question that’s been asked a few times slightly differently. With factories up and running now, retailing and tooling is very low. I’m wondering if you can help us characterize what shipped in or sales might be for the second half, assuming POS is a certain level. For example, would it be higher, the same, or lower in POS, and what are some of the salient puts and takes to that? Then I have a follow-up.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so I think there are a couple shifts that are going on that are quite good for our business as the team has such expertise in ecomm. Remember that ecomm retail and omnichannel retail runs with less weeks supply than average brick and mortar, so as more of the mix shift happens towards ecomm, we need less weeks’ supply there and still can fulfill consumer demand and drive our business. Then as we look of the reopening of retail, we have new initiatives that are coming - MAGIC: THE GATHERING, I just described, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS as well has a very robust third quarter, as does the rest of our games line-up. We’re looking at a business for Q3 where we need to catch up on certain availability like games, Play Doh and Nerf, we have certain other new initiatives that are coming to market. I’m not going to comment on whether we think Q3 is up or down, but remember that, again, the weeks’ supply that came out, the 17% reduction in retail inventories in seven weeks, we don’t view that as a long-term challenge to satisfy consumer demand, so our goal is not just restocking shelves, our goal is continuing to satisfy consumer demand, which we believe we can do, and we’re doing that very effectively. The team has really been amazing at what they’ve been able to accomplish with the very strong POS that we’ve seen. Then as we get into Q4, we expect to have a good holiday season. We have very robust plans, lots of new initiatives, and really good marketing coming from the teams across the business.
David Beckel: That’s really helpful, thanks. My follow-up just relates to toys driven by content and some of your partner release timing, as well as your own. Could you update us on what partners have conveyed to you with respect to certain movie timings, notably Disney, and then your own plans for GI Joe this year? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so for the most part, people are continuing to hope that the theatrical business reopens sometime soon, but really hasn’t yet. Many of our partners’ initiatives have already been announced and moved to 2021 - in fact, 2021 is lining up to be an incredibly strong year for our IP and content, as well as our partners’ IP. We expect that those should be in the first quarter next year, could be three movies including The Eternals, GhostBusters, and Raya and the Last Dragon. In Q2 next year, you’ll have another Marvel movie, or two. MY LITTLE PONY movie, the animated feature will come next fall, and our expectation is that GI JOE will move into a slot in 2021 and we’re working out the specifics right now with Paramount. But again as we look at the opportunity to maximize our connection to global audiences and also to global retail, it will likely move into a spot and we’re working out the specifics in 2021.
David Beckel: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your questions.
Jaime Katz: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I’m curious if you’d be willing to unpack the gross margin performance a little bit more. I know part of it is mix related or the composition of revenues, but were there any puts and takes worth noting that might help us think about how that might look over the second half of the year? Thanks.
Deborah Thomas: Sure. Our gross margin is strong, and if you think about it, the impact of Magic and the releases in the quarter actually had a slightly negative impact on that number. However, overall the Hasbro piece of the margin is strong. We don’t see a significant change to that. The one thing we did talk about is airfreight. Should we have to airfreight more, just the cost of it is up now, as you can appreciate, with fewer flights running and the ability to actually airfreight, so if we have to air freight a lot for some reason, we could see that having an impact on it. But the rest of the business from a pricing standpoint is good, and our costs remain in good shape as well. You know, about three quarters of our exposure for the year is hedged so we don’t have a lot of variability in FX rates that are coming into those product purchases, so that’s a good factor as well. If we think about the program production amortization, originally at the beginning of the year, we did pull all of our guidance, but I know it’s hard to model this without some level of estimate. So kind of where our heads are at right now is we originally said it would be between 9 and 10% - I think we’re around 9% for the quarter. Given what we can actually get done and delivered, I think that we may see it run a bit below that for the rest of the year as we think about the program production part of the gross margin. But overall, we expect it to remain strong, and looking at the different components, the biggest thing that could impact it at this point is really that air freight I referenced.
Jaime Katz: That’s really helpful. Then as we think about advertising as a percentage of sales, it sounds like it should likely be up in the second half of the year, but I’m wondering if you’re finding different efficiencies in the advertising channel that may not make it as wide a change in the percentage of sales. Can you help us think about that? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think you’re right. It’s not really about the percentage of sales. I think that the kinds of programs that the team puts together, the way that we work with online and omnichannel retailers, some of the buckets of spending go to other places, other than just the advertising line. Obviously content creation and storytelling are different lines on the P&L, as well some of our gaming development, which is also part of storytelling and effectively marketing for our brands. So you’re right - I don’t see the overall advertising line increasing as much as overall marketing, and advertising is planned to be robust for the second half across a number of dimensions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, thanks so much for taking my questions. My first question is do you expect the $130 million of E1 synergies [indiscernible] savings by end of 2022 to be more back-end loaded now, given your revenues have taken a hit, and my assumption was that a lot of the synergies are tied to bringing E1 related tour revenues in-house, so is it going to be more back-end loaded, is the question?
Deborah Thomas: Hi Tami, good morning. I think that we still believe we’re on track. Obviously the business has changed because of COVID for all of us, right, and we still think we’re on track to achieve $20 million of cost synergies before the expense associated with it this year, and we’re still on track for next year and we’re still on track for the $130 million by 2022. There may be some things moving around, but honestly the teams are working great together. The one thing that you can do really well over video is collaborate on future projects, and that’s the exciting thing. This year, we’re all dealing with the situation, but we are squarely working on the future. The integration is going well, and we still expect that $130 million in synergies by 2022.
Tami Zakaria: Got it, that’s super helpful. My follow-up is we have been hearing that media production costs may see an increase of 10 to 20%, given the new COVID-19 protocols. Do you think you can pass along those costs to networks, or is it not likely given the contracts are already in place for the pricing of the shows to be delivered?
Brian Goldner: I think that there will be ongoing dialog. I think that it won’t be just one answer there. Clearly there’s a lot of partnership that goes on between us and a lot of our streamers, broadcast partners, and linear partners, and it’s an ongoing dialog. The most important priority there is the safety of the crews and the cast and the people that are making the production, and there are meaningful steps that the team has been taking, protocols that are being set, and there are ways to look at budgets overall to try to mitigate overall costs and to incorporate the cost of strong protocols and the safety of the teams making the productions while executing. There’s not a one-size-fits-all solution, and the dialog is going on and I feel like the teams are making very good progress there.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. Thank you so much, and best of luck.
Brian Goldner: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Hey guys, good morning. Brian, when would you expect to have TV and film production up and running and fully operational? Deb, as you look at 2021, do you think you’re at that $675 million to $750 million range you originally forecasted for this year, or should you be above or below that threshold?
Brian Goldner: Given the current plans and what the team is prepping for production, our expectation is we’d be back in production in full in September across all of our productions. As I said, we are already in production across a number of scripted shows, not just unscripted which we’ve done incredibly well throughout the pandemic. The teams have used a lot of novel tech to keep those unscripted productions going, but the scripted shows have started again in regions in Canada, they’ve started again in the U.K. as film is beginning, and then really for the U.S., we expect that by September we should be up and running on the remainder.
Deborah Thomas: With respect to the actual production spend, we would expect to go back to next year’s levels if we can be in full production on every--or the same level if we can be in production for everything. Now, it might fluctuate a little bit because we have some things we’re catching up on, but right now our expectation is that we would spend about that same level.
Drew Crum: Okay, and then for my follow-up, I know there’s been a lot of discussion on ecommerce, nearly 30% of POS. We keep hearing the demand is strong across the industry, so given that, what are your expectations for bricks and mortar floor space or shelf space for the category or for your business, however you want to answer it, for the second half? Should it be up, down, or unchanged versus last year?
Brian Goldner: We have a lot of robust plans we’re already putting together with our retailers, and they’re building plans for both ecomm or omni as well as for brick and mortar. The teams have done a very good job. We have more new initiatives coming for Q4 this year than prior year, and certainly believe that we have a lot of new innovation that’s worthy of expanded floor space, and working on all that. I do want to comment that I think that the way promotions will be laid out this year is very different than some prior years. The goal for a lot of our retailers as we’re starting to see it unfold is not to bring all the customers into a store on a given day, for obvious reasons, but rather think about programs that can go on for a period of time to give more customers access to hot selling product over a longer period, to give people the opportunity to buy online or pick up curbside, and use all the different growing modalities of retailing that have been so effective so far and year-to-date. Our teams are really ready across BOPIS or pick-up curbside, straight ecomm and omni, but also our retail merchandisers we expect to be in stores, stocking shelves in the fourth quarter, and we are looking at really robust plans. To your point about ecomm, our ecomm POS, we have the best data for the U.S. - it was up more than 100% in Q2, and our franchise brands on ecomm were up 84% across franchise brands, very strong with Nerf up 55% and Play Doh was up 166%. Our partner brands were up more than 100%, emerging brands were up more than 100%, and games were up the same, so that step-up that we’re seeing from the consumer, we don’t expect it to retrench, we expect it to continue to expand as people get the opportunity to buy the product they want, find the product they want, more searches originating online for the brands and products their families, kids or fans desire, and then satisfying that either through curbside pick-up, in-store pick-up, or shopping with a cart at these stores.
Drew Crum: Got it, okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Handler: Yes, thank you very much. Wonder if you could talk a little bit more about POS. I believe you said U.S. in 2Q was up in the high teens. Wonder if you could give that number by region for international, what overall international was, and also wondering if you might be able to give some perspective on POS for July.
Brian Goldner: Sure, so first, global POS we said was up high single digits, and North America was up in Q2 16%, Europe was down low single digits but with recent POS up quite substantially, so as we exit June and into July, we’re seeing very good growth across a number of markets - U.K., France, and others in Europe. Latin American POS was challenged, and we’ve talked about that marketplace, it was down less than revenues but about 30%. Asia Pacific was up double digits, similar to the North American POS at plus-16%, very strong POS growth as China has come back online. We’ve seen good growth in China, we’ve seen very strong growth in Australia, and the rest of the Pacific region. Then by brand category, I mentioned that our franchise brands were up in Q2 in POS. In the U.S., if you look at our POS overall for the U.S. in Q2, it was up 18%, and our toy business was up high single digits. Franchise brands were up double digits, partner brands were up high single digits. Gaming was up nearly--well, about 70% actually, slightly over 70%, so again very strong demand. We’ll be selling down retail and then [indiscernible] even now our opportunity to launch new initiatives into Q3 and Q4.
Eric Handler: Great, and then just quickly with MAGIC: THE GATHERING, wondered if you have dates, are they likely to fall in 3Q or 4Q for the mobile MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena launch, as well as when you expect to start testing for the spinoff game, Spell Slingers.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so Spell Slingers is already in development and in test market. That game is continuing to be honed and likely will launch early 2021. We want to have Magic on mobile first. We haven’t given a specific date, but it’s actively in development and it will launch second half this year. It will also be in China with our partnership with Tencent this year. They’ve announced the key set releases through September. They haven’t announced the fourth quarter set releases yet. We always like to bring our gamers and fans along. We don’t want to ruin all the surprises, but there are four releases that have been announced that I can remind you of. The core set was July 3, the jumpstart that had moved from second quarter due to production shortages is now--was July 17. The double master set which I said was comparable to the modern masters from Q2 last year is August 7, and Zendikar Rising will be September 25, so we have a very robust line-up for Q3 and expect great momentum in the brand there. Then for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, the digital gaming development has also continued. That brand has performed quite well, grew in Q2, and has a very robust release calendar for the remainder of 2020.
Eric Handler: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerrick Johnson: All right, thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about Trolls. Who knows when we’re going back to the movies again, and the Trolls release via streaming could be something that we see more of. How did the toy product perform relative to things: relative to, one, your pre-COVID plan, and then two, your post-COVID plan after it was announced that they’d be released streaming at home?
Brian Goldner: Yes, so the plan is really on multiple dimensions. In the U.S., there was a switch late after having done a lot of movie marketing to the PVOD, and remember that it’s hard to know just how much of the impact was the move to PVOD versus the fact that our merchandising was all being set in April as retail stores were being closed across the U.S., so that was the merchandising window for the movie and the movie marketing, so clearly was impacted there, was not in that period as strong. But again, we’re making plans and working with Universal to drive every opportunity across the brand as it moves from PVOD to home entertainment. Now, around the world there will be some theatrical launches - some of those have not taken place yet, and that will still have the ESP and home entertainment windows, so I’d say very solid start, albeit because of COVID more staged around the world, rather than just being at once. What we really are seeing is that as brands are available in streamed environments, they are generating lots of interest and sales, just look at The Mandalorian and other products. Clearly we are seeing very good demand for Trolls and are selling Trolls product, but that was a switch that happened as we had already had retail plans set up for theatrical.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, yes, so a lot of noise there, hard to discern. Another question here, of the programming that has so far been delayed, what are you expecting will be completed as planned? Could there be some cancelled, postponed indefinitely or dropped, any maybe percent that you expect to be completed as planned?
Brian Goldner: Yes, so right now we have a number of series that are set for production. There aren’t any number of substantial or even meaningful cancellations that we’ve seen at this point, it’s just really about getting some of our big network shows produced to the extent that we can in Q4 this year, or whether some of those revenues move into 2021. Deb, I don’t know if you want to comment further?
Deborah Thomas: No, I agree Brian. I think it really is--if you look at the blend of what we have outstanding right now and what we’re expecting to complete, no cancellations, really, that we’re aware of that are meaningful. It’s just a matter of getting it done.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. By the way, on the first quarter, you mentioned that you had 36 projects around Hasbro IP in production or in some form thereof. Now you say it’s over 30. Is the number still 36, or did that change?
Brian Goldner: Actually if I was specific, the number is 40.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay.
Brian Goldner: So it’s 40 projects, around 32 Hasbro IPs, so there’s multiple projects around certain brands like DUNGEONS & DRAGONS.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, got you. Great, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Great, thank you so much for taking the question and your comments earlier around liquidity, as well as your financial covenants. Was just hoping you could give us an update on any recent conversations you’ve had with the ratings agencies, specifically with regards to any pressure points we should be mindful of around the IG rating as we’re thinking out over the next two quarters and into ’21, just given some of the moving pieces with the business. Thank you.
Deborah Thomas: Great, thanks. You know, obviously we have an ongoing dialog with all three of our rating agencies. We don’t control their assessment, final assessment of which rating, but we are talking to them constantly and sharing what our updated forecasts are with them. If we look at what a potential impact could be, if for some reason we were downgraded by two of the three, that would have an impact on our interest expense for the year, but--you know, we maintain the dialog. We look at the forecasts that we set out on a long term basis with them, and again we have those conversations with them all the time as well. This year has been unusual for everyone, right, but I think it’s safe to say to everybody on this call that when you look out beyond this year, our plans haven’t changed. Our integration plans haven’t changed. Brian’s talked about the teams are working together and identifying more brands that we can take out and leverage around our blueprint, so having time to sit on video calls with everyone has been very good in a lot of ways for creating those long-term revenue opportunities. As we look at our longer term plans, our plans really haven’t changed, they’ve just gotten delayed a bit by this anomaly of 2020 and what we’re all experiencing together right now.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: If I could just ask one follow-up to that, given the delay and lack of change in the longer term perspective, is that something that they agencies have indicated they understand and are willing to provide flexibility for?
Deborah Thomas: As I said--
Brian Goldner: Well look--oh, sorry. Deb, you should comment--sorry, modern technology. Look, I think the plans, as I look at the strategic plans that we’ve put together, as Deb says, as we get beyond these [indiscernible] figures and we move through the second half of this year, already we’re seeing the opportunity [indiscernible] of the objectives we set for our 2020 plan. As we got into 2021, we’ve got a very robust line-up and we’re incredibly excited about the plans we have there. The longer term plans are things that we share with our agencies so they can see what we see, and the progress is really there and quite extensive. I don’t know if you want to comment further, Deb?
Deborah Thomas: That’s exactly what I was going to say.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Fred Wightman: Hey guys, good morning. It’s actually Fred Wightman on for Greg. If we just go back and look at the back half of last year, there was some impact from tariffs and what that did to your direct import business in the third quarter specifically. As we’re thinking about modeling this year, how should we think about or plan for the 3Q, 4Q split, just given that prior year compare, sort of the higher ecommerce mix you’re seeing this year and then where you guys are in terms of ramping production currently?
Brian Goldner: Yes, unfortunately as we all looked at the year, early this year we took away whatever broad guidance we would normally provide, but what I can tell you is that as we look at domestic to import split, it’s gotten even more oriented towards domestic. The teams are very capable now of getting product in through ecomm and omnichannel retail. If ecomm were to accelerate further and be a greater proportion of total sales, we can achieve our objectives even through that mix shift. The number of new initiatives that we have for the second half of the year helps us understand, along with the retail plans we have, that Q4 can be a very good holiday. Look - Q3 is road to recovery. We opened manufacturing that was closed in 45% of our production for two months. We are catching up on demand across an enormous slate of brands that have performed quite well from a consumer sales standpoint, although the retail inventories have declined and our fill rates have declined, so I would say Q3 is about recovering but meaningfully better than Q2, and Q4 is about executing a good holiday season.
Fred Wightman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Devin Brisco with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Devin Brisco: Hi, thank you for taking my question. You mentioned some higher costs related to air freight but also that you’re able to take some costs out of the business from simplifying your commercial organization in the quarter. Could you talk some more about some of the cost efficiencies that you’re currently seeing and how we should think about cost management opportunities going forward into the second half of the year and into 2021?
Deborah Thomas: Sure. Well, as we look at our product, we’ve not had to take pricing on much product. We talked about at the end of last year, we had to take a little bit of pricing because of the List 4A tariffs in some of our gaming, and that’s how. We’ve obviously had some input cost increases just because of shortages, but not a lot, and most of our product cost is hedged, as I talked about. As we think about that, we’ve got great contracts that really help secure moving our product cost to the U.S., and then we’re actually seeing great efficiencies from our contract that we entered into to move our product to our retailers once it gets into the various locations, so we’ve been able to achieve that. But we’re seeing the cost savings that we talked about from our cost savings activities from last year, and really what we’re trying to do is simplify how we go to market. In this changed time, we’re trying to make sure that we align all of our regions so we’re able to get the most efficiency possible out of our moving product to our various warehouses. We’ve increased our ability to service ecomm and increased our ability to do flex warehousing so we can deliver a lot quicker within Europe, so that will be helpful as well as we look forward with this increase in ecomm, and also as we just look at some of the costs that we’re all taking out of our business, we’ve taken quite a bit of travel costs out and other costs out. We think we’ll continue to do that as we move forward, and over time as we start expanding more of our product and things get a bit back to where they were on the revenue side and introducing some more of our digital games that we have in development right now, we see that’s where the margin expansion will come in over time. But we are very focused on cost, both from a cash and an expense standpoint as well.
Devin Brisco: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Brett Andress from Keybanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Brett Andress : Hey, good morning. Can you give some detail on the cadence of shipments during the quarter? I guess if we exclude Latin America, did shipments turn positive year-over-year into June or July? Just trying to understand the magnitude of the improvement you’ve been alluding to.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so again, if you think about it, Massachusetts, Ireland and Indian factories were closed throughout mid-May--to mid-May from mid-March, and so as those have reopened, clearly the manufacturing of games, third party manufacturing of games as well as Play Doh comes from Massachusetts, and so the team has been rushing to expand our capacity and get those games and Play Doh out the marketplace. That’s similar for Ireland - it’s about a similar type of factory for our Irish business. In addition, we manufacture in another half dozen locations or so across the U.S., trading card games for Wizards of the Coast, and other products, and so again the team saw production disruptions in Q2 and chose to move the jumpstart booster out to Q3, so now they’re able to execute that. So I’d say what we’re really seeing as we enter Q3 is access now to our products, increasing access to the Nerf products coming out of India, we moved that launch just one month later to ensure we had enough of our Ultra product, which by the way is selling incredibly well. This is the product that shoots 120 feet in high performance and is really well liked and high ratings that we’re seeing from fans. So I would say that by the second half of Q3, we’re really fully caught up and shipping to meet what is strong consumer demand.
Brett Andress: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Brian, Deb, thanks for all the color. I wanted to circle back on the ecomm. Clearly there has been a substantial focus by yourselves, the industry and partners to ramp that up. Theoretically if we would hit a bad situation where a lot of brick and mortar is shut down in the back half of the year, is there any way to quantify the increased ecomm bandwidth to offset that in the back half of the year? Then I have a follow-up.
Brian Goldner: Sure Tim, it’s a great question. It’s something that we ourselves were planning and talking about as we look at the step-up. I mean, hypothetically - underline that - if all of demand for the holidays were to shift from brick and mortar to online, we could satisfy that demand. We obviously don’t expect it to entirely shift, but the teams have built enormous capability in the way we warehouse product now, the way we work with our ecomm and omnichannel partners. It’s really improved so dramatically over the last few years as we continue to build our capabilities and the way we market within an online environment with content to commerce and other techniques, and working on the algorithms. So I would say we have the ability if there were to be a major shift toward additional ecomm that we could satisfy that demand, and that we would shift our products to meet that mix shift.
Tim Conder: So Brian, would that basically be everywhere except LatAm? Would that be a fair way to interpret what you’re saying there?
Brian Goldner: That’s exactly right. Latin America, it’s still such a small percentage of the business, and the COVID situation there is so--unfortunately just so challenged. I’d say that’s a business that won’t resolve immediately and it’s going to take a little bit more time, and we don’t have the benefit of ecomm or omni beyond about--we see about 12% of the business currently being done there, and that’s been through a lot of effort from the team and moving up from single digits a year ago.
Tim Conder: Okay. Then my follow-up would be, it was alluded to earlier and kind of danced around here, and with the Trolls, the move that Universal made there, hard question maybe to answer, but from what you see now and what you can comment on, how are the studios in general, including what you’re doing with Paramount, looking at releasing product going forward? It would seem that the channel shift from the traditional theaters, you know, if at all possible, you’ll still do that, but how are you thinking about maybe diversifying that channel shift or the industry diversifying that, given what’s happened, and just on a go-forward, maybe permanent shift basis?
Brian Goldner: Look, I think that people are very desirous of a theatrical experience. We all want to get back into movie theaters as soon as we can and enjoy the big screen, along with everyone else. There’s nothing like having hundreds of people together laugh at something or ooh and ahh on some kind of big action, something that’s going on in a movie, so we all want to get back there. I think the studios are being very purposeful, as is the E1 team, looking at the opportunity for theatrical releases, clearly wanting to still have that global theatrical audience. There’s nothing like the opportunity to go around the world in a semi-simultaneous way to build that talk value and demand for people to go to theaters, so we don’t see that going away. I just think it’s a matter of when it really comes fully back, and we obviously have to be in a position where people feel safe and we can abide by protocols and get those theaters reopened. I think the important thing that everyone is looking at is being very thoughtful, planful and strategic about which of these initiatives will go directly into a streamed environment versus which ones will go to theatrical. Clearly we continue to partner with Universal and will make the most out of Trolls that we can make, but that was a switch that happened because of unfortunate timing around COVID coming, theaters closing, movie marketing having already been in the marketplace retail, already stocked shelves being set, so I wouldn’t use that as really the kind of purposeful strategy that we could be looking at in the future. You just look at what The Mandalorian has been able to create, or you look at what Stranger Things has been able to create in our games business as 150 million people, or Disney Plus with the collection of princess movies has been able to create, or Frozen, and that home entertainment window there on Disney Plus, it’s been very strong for us. I think that’s more the norm, and I think that studios and IP owners are going to be thoughtful about how they lay out those strategies go forward.
Tim Conder: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we’ve reached the end of our question and answer session, and I’ll turn the call over to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Operator:
Debbie Hancock: Thank you Rob, and thank you everyone for joining us today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours, and management’s prepared remarks will be posted on the website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Everyone, this concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you've any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and an update on the company’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Then, we will take your questions.  Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our Investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before I begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These statements include, among others the impact of the coronavirus on our business, financial results and liquidity; our efforts to protect the health and well-being of our workforce, customers, consumers, manufacturers and suppliers; our efforts to ensure we have adequate liquidity; and our initiatives to support our communities, including our global workforce, children and their families during these difficult times. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Every day I'm inspired by the inventiveness and creativity of the global Hasbro team. We are finding new ingenious ways to get product from production into cars and homes, safely and efficiently. They're finding new ways to create and deliver content as this year continues to evolve.  Our people are supporting each other from our homes around the world. They're adapting to an ever changing environment as they work tirelessly to minimize the impacts of the COVID-19 on our business, and our people.  We are focused really on four critical areas. First, demand. Consumers want our products and experiences. They are looking for connections and engagement during this time. We're leveraging our extensive product portfolio and diverse retail network to connect global consumers with the products and experiences they want. We're offering compelling storytelling that continues to create strong viewership globally. Second, supply. The Hasbro team is working to utilize our diverse manufacturing and supply chain network to ensure product is available for customers and consumers. Third, liquidity. We have substantial liquidity and we are taking prudent steps to ensure Hasbro remains in a strong financial position by aligning expenses to today's environment, and preserving cash, while paying our dividend, meeting our debt commitments and making essential investments for the long-term. And finally, community. This is a top priority. We're making decisions to protect our employees and stakeholders, but also help where we can through this challenging time. I am so proud of the amazing work our teams have accomplished including to supply much needed PPE for frontline medical workers, by producing 50,000 face shields per week that will be donating to local hospitals in Massachusetts and Rhode Island.  The Wizards team in Renton is supporting Wizards Play Network member stores through its Mystery Booster creative and several productions donated PPE to frontline workers at Toronto General Hospital, UCLA and others. These are just a few examples of our commitment to our communities. Our release today laid out extensive details in each of these areas. So my comments will focus on a few key topics. The Hasbro management team has been together for more than a decade. We’ve recently added new expertise and experience. Together, we are managing this new challenge, a challenge we are well equipped to successfully navigate. Over the past several years, we’ve invested to diversify our revenue and talent across play and entertainment, expanding our brand portfolio to reach more demographics and play patterns, while building new businesses in entertainment and digital gaming. We realigned our commercial efforts to reach more consumers, and built best-in-class online and omni-channel execution, as well as new channels such as drug, grocery dollar, and value. These are strengths unique to Hasbro. Our first quarter results were good, reflecting strong consumer demand and our ability to get product to customers and to consumers. Global point-of-sale increased in the mid-single-digits, led by double-digit gains in the U.S. E-commerce point-of-sale increased significantly, as shoppers turn to online and curbside pickup that meet their needs. While point-of-sale is positive in April, continuing these positive trends will likely become increasingly difficult, as more countries are practicing social distancing, including limiting production of product and entertainment, distribution activities and shopping. We are leveraging our global sourcing network to get product made and delivered to consumers, but we expect the second quarter may be more challenging than the first. This is due to several factors, including that laid in the first quarter and the start to second quarter, more stores in countries have shutdown activities, entertainment properties where we are launching products that moved to later release dates in 2020, and into 2021. And some have gone straight to PVOD, and our own live-action in TV and film entertainment production is limited. We have done extensive scenario planning to understand these impacts to our business from multiple different periods, when the consumer economies could reopen. We are acting nimbly and creatively to address these factors throughout the business. Across our portfolio, we have innovative product and compelling entertainment to deliver a good second half of the year, including for the holiday. 2021 is also set up well, given the shift of several entertainment initiatives to next year, in addition to our established plans for the year. In the first quarter, consumers sought out several Hasbro brands and experiences. Games, PLAY-DOH and content viewership were amongst the strongest. Face-to-face gaming demand stood out in many Hasbro Gaming brands. Demand is robust, and we are working to continue meeting consumer purchase interest, with games production from multiple locations, some of which have been closed in recent weeks, but we expect to reopen in the summer. First quarter results for MAGIC: THE GATHERING were above trend, behind strong releases, but also due to steps we took. We adopted the physical release cadence of Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths, including pulling product shipments into the first quarter to support a rolling release plan with a global launch currently scheduled for most of the world on May 15th. The team canceled physical events and developed new initiatives to keep our organized play engines operational by transitioning to digital play arena with Friday Night Magic at Home and MagicFest Online. Despite a decline in organized in-person play events, this pivot drove an increase in new players across the brand. Upcoming expansions into Mobile, China and Mac in 2020 will continue to expand the Arena audience. We are supporting Wizards Play Network stores through innovative programs to create revenue opportunities for the store owners in the absence of players physically in them. Importantly, this was our first quarter with eOne as part of Hasbro. Integration between Hasbro and eOne is on schedule, and the teams are actively engaged together, allowing us to create and uncover new revenue opportunities through entertainment and merchandise. We expect to deliver synergies in line with our plan for 2020, and are on track to deliver the $130 million in synergies we’ve communicated by year-end 2022. We’ve transitioned eOne to lead our company-wide entertainment content efforts, and we’ve integrated the creative teams, including development on potential Hasbro brands for television and film. eOne’s first quarter TV and film results reflected a difficult comparison to the first quarter of last year, when they delivered a high volume of programming. Revenue is tied to production deliveries, and these will vary in timing each year. In 2020, this was slated to be later, and is being pushed further, as production activities have closed and the deliveries have been delayed. The team can do development work and virtual pitches, as well as animation production. Delivery of programs will happen just later than initially planned. First quarter licensing revenues for PEPPA PIG, PJ MASKS include holiday 2019 sales. Strong demand for content across all platforms was offset by lower licensee shipments to retailers. PEPPA PIG is now the most viewed preschool show in the world on the YouTube platform and PJ MASKS is one of the most streamed children shows on Netflix in the UK and U.S. We have aligned the consumer products efforts for these brands, along with RICKY ZOOM, under Hasbro’s consumer products team, and are identifying opportunities for expansion. However, certain consumer products’ categories, in particular, soft goods like apparel, are showing weakness within the industry, and we expect this will be a challenging period for license categories. Our teams have reacted creatively and constructively to identify a successful path forward during this unprecedented global pandemic. The underlying drivers for our business are sound, and with great innovation, brands and storytelling, we are well positioned to successfully execute in 2020 and beyond. The North Star of our company has not changed. Hasbro is creating play and entertainment experiences which are vital and desired by consumers and audiences this year and for years to come, delivering value for our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas : Thank you, Brian, and good morning everyone. Hasbro is in a good financial position. Consumers and audiences are engaging with our brands and content. We are profitable. We have substantial liquidity, and we continue to take the necessary steps to align our expenses and cash spend with the current environment. We completed the eOne acquisition in early fiscal 2020 and performed our first quarter close as a combined company remotely. Globally, our combined finance and accounting team did outstanding work, and we provided 2019 quarterly historical results in accordance with U.S. GAAP for eOne in today’s earnings release. We have booked opening amounts, and as we complete our valuations in purchase accounting over the coming year, there may be further items impacting our results, which we will highlight as we progress through 2020. We continue to target synergies of $130 million by year-end 2022. We slowed the pace of certain activities early in the year to reflect the current environment, but we remain on track to achieve the targets we have set, including 2020 cost savings of approximately $20 million before one-time expenses. My discussion today will be versus pro forma adjusted 2019 earnings, and exclude eOne acquisition-related expenses and amortization. In our reported numbers, we reflected $147 million after tax of one-time expenses and acquisition amortization or an impact of $1.07 per share. As Brian highlighted, our organization is focused on four things. I’ll start with our top priority, community. Our teams around the world have showcased tremendous ingenuity and resilience during 2020. Their health, safety and well-being guide our every decision. I’d like to reiterate what Brian said, I am tremendously proud of the work our teams are doing to support not only each other but the communities in which we’re operating. It’s a testament to their belief in our purpose of making the world a better place for children and their families. Moving to liquidity, we ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash on the balance sheet. We have $1.5 billion available through our revolving credit facility, and are well within our financial covenants. As a reminder, our low cash period traditionally occurs in the fourth quarter, in the October and November timeframe. We have significant cash and liquidity and have also identified opportunities to reduce our expenses and our cash spend. These include, pausing planned headcount additions and broad scale merit increases, reducing future travel expenses and moving planned live events to virtual. These are just a few of the actions we are taking. Our next major debt maturity of $300 million is due in May of 2021. The Board remains committed to our dividend, and in February, we paid the first dividend of the year, with the next payment already declared for May. As Brian discussed, entertainment production at eOne is shutdown for most areas of their business. This is driving a lower-than-planned cash spend for content in 2020. Assuming an early third quarter return to production, we expect to spend approximately $150 million less this year than originally planned, and within a range of $500 million to $600 million for the year. We’ve also closely reviewed capital expenditures. About half of our capital spending is related to tooling for our product for future periods, and the timing of that spend is weighted to the second half of the year. We’ve reviewed IT projects and facility renovation, as well as investments in digital gaming development, and reduced our 2020 spend expectations to $145 million to $155 million. Moving to the balance sheet; inventories declined overall, and include approximately $7 million from eOne. Accounts receivable increased $325 million, approximately $223 million of which relates to eOne. For the remainder, much of the increase is coming from the U.S. and is driven by the timing of sales in the quarter, and the shift to more domestic revenues versus direct imports that we were seeing at the end of 2019. When we compare the March 2020 DSO to the comparable pro forma measure in 2019, we’ve increased DSO of two days. We are closely monitoring credit for our customers. However, we should recognize, our three largest customers remain Walmart, Target and Amazon. Next, let’s discuss demand. For the first quarter, revenues declined 7%, absent FX. 20% growth in the U.S. and Canada segment including growth in gaming such as MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS, THE GAME OF LIFE, JENGA, CONNECT 4 and others, and our product for Disney’s Frozen 2, along with 8% growth in Europe was more than offset by the declines in eOne, including a slate which was planned for later deliveries this year versus last; and Asia-Pacific, which was impacted by COVID-19 during the quarter; and Latin America, which is working through excess retail inventory.  We currently expect the impact of COVID-19 to be more significant in the second quarter, due to retail store closures, supply chain disruption, live-action production shutdowns, and changing theatrical release schedules. However, consumer demand through April has continued to be up, and we’re working aggressively and creatively to meet that demand. As Brian highlighted, we’ve seen high viewership for our content, which is driving brand engagement. Finally, supply. The global operations team is working to ensure we can make and deliver the product our customers and consumers are looking for. About 55% of our production is currently done in China and has returned to normal levels. In other states and countries, we have varying levels of supply chain operations, including some closed warehouses and factories. As outlined in our release, we expect to catch up on production over the coming months, and be positioned to meet holiday demand. Should the facility closures last longer than anticipated, this could be more challenging. We’ve also recorded incremental shipping costs to support the movement of product across our global supply chain network. For the eOne business, TV and film production teams are able to perform development and animation work, as well as pitch ideas. They are being incredibly creative on how to get work done, but the majority of production is not happening. As I mentioned earlier, our plans currently have us resuming live-action production early in the third quarter. Finally, let me touch on a few expense items on a pro forma basis. Gross profit margin, including both cost of sales and program production cost amortization, increased 110 basis points, aided by favorable mix due to strong gaming, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING, and lower program amortization. Cost of sales decreased 4%, due to the favorable product mix mentioned, partially offset by higher air freight costs associated with moving product out of China, once the factories reopens. Program production cost amortization declined 21% on a pro forma basis, on the lower entertainment deliveries in the quarter. On the advertising line, the year-over-year rate was higher due to aligning eOne and Hasbro’s accounting policies. We are reducing advertising levels, while adjusting campaigns and their timing to reflect the current environment. This is one of our most variable line items, and we are appropriately aligning the spends to both deliver top-line and lower our cash outlay, and we will be well prepared to drive demand for the third and fourth quarters. SG&A increased 2%. We’re implementing cost saving activities related to compensation and hiring, as well as professional services, travel and other discretionary areas, such as shipping live events to virtual ones. In the quarter, we aligned accounting policies on cost capitalization, stock compensation, which resulted in higher admin costs for eOne. We also experienced higher shipping expense, due to the unplanned significant increase in game sales, which offset savings from a decline in warehousing expense. We’ve done extensive scenario planning to understand the impact of COVID-19 on our business, mapping out the implications for various returns to more normalized activities, as well as the impact of operating in a global recession. Despite having a good understanding of the factors and how to manage them, the outcomes vary widely, and that drove our decision to withdraw our full-year 2020 guidance. As we move toward reopening economies, we are planning for a good holiday season, with great innovation and entertainment across our portfolio. We have confidence in the strategic advantages of our business model, as a global play and entertainment company to both navigate the near term and to drive long-term profitable growth. Now, Brian and I are happy to take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. First question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Stephanie Wissink: Thanks. Good morning everyone and hope everyone is staying well. Brian, the first question is for you. If you could just help us contextualize your scope, your directional comments on Q2. Clearly POS up quarter-to-date, but I think you signaled you're not anticipating that strength to persist. How should we think about the relativity of Q2 versus Q1?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Good morning Steph. Well, I think that for us the greatest lever that's driving our thought process around Q2 is just the path to the consumer. And as we've seen major retail store closures around the world, as we've seen warehousing in certain areas of our business close, and as we look at certain factories, for example, in Massachusetts that are presently closed that we expect to open, reopen shortly as part of the phase reopening, we just recognize that the path to the consumer is more challenging, while we are also seeing in April so far very good growth in our POS. In fact, I think this is a story this year where e-comm and omni-channel really are stepping up and we're seeing growth in e-comm and omni-channel in the United States have more than 60% growth and our games business growing as well. So there's a multivariable math going on, where we're just looking at how we move through many closed retailers, how we look at our licensees who are trying to sell products, not only from the biggest retailers that remain open and are executing incredibly well but also smaller retailers where they are closed and are planning openings for later in Q2 and Q3. As we get more clarity and as we engage with more administrations in the United States and around the world, we're starting to see path toward these reopenings and we're starting to see that phased reopening schedule come to light. And I think that, that will help us as we get through the remainder of Q2.  But Q2 will be a more challenging quarter than any quarter of this year. We have very robust plans that have continued throughout this quarter. Bring Home the Fun campaign, our brands and across the board in gaming, which we can talk more about are all doing quite well. But out of abundance of caution and as we see where the levers are and the path to the consumer through our customers, that's really our caution on Q2. 
Stephanie Wissink: Okay. Thank you. And Deb, can I just ask one clarification question. At the very end of your prepared remarks, you talked about aligning policies across eOne and Hasbro from an accounting perspective, including advertising and stock comp. Is that a one-time reconciliation event or do we see that over the course of 2020 each quarter until you anniversary the acquisition? 
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Steph. Yes, I think we will see that across each quarter, if you look at the pro forma numbers that we included in today's release and we wanted to make sure we included those so everyone would have those for modeling purposes. If you look at the pro forma and back out those one-time expenses that we tried to highlight from last year and add those to Hasbro's with any one-time expenses we did call out during the year and that will give you a sense of adding the companies together for the full year. But as we look at that, that total amount if you think about it kind of in the 10-ish million between the two line items per quarter, it's not the most significant number. And again, it's not in the underlying business. It's just aligning accounting policies, U.S. GAAP, everything else. So you won't see it again in 2021. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. 
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much. Brian, you had just talked about the factories. You said that you're expecting Massachusetts to open soon. So I was just wondering what that roadmap looks like in the U.S.? Also just in the meantime, have you been able to go to shift any of that manufacturing elsewhere? And more importantly, has this whole situation given you the opportunity to take a look at your supply chain and implement further improvements in the future? 
Brian Goldner: Good morning. We've used a variety of sources around the world and I think the strategic sourcing footprint that we had put in place is really benefiting us. We're getting about 55% of our products today out of China and that supply chain is up and running, it’s robust. And we'll catch up on our new initiatives that we were producing for later this quarter Q3 and Q4 in just the next couple of weeks to months. And we have a number of big new launches that are coming including around NERF Ultra as we roll that out around the world. We’re also clearly working through some of the warehousing closures that have occurred in parts of the country. It's part of the reason why, in addition, just to the demand for MAGIC: THE GATHERING tabletop game cards, we also moved up some shipments of MAGIC: THE GATHERING in Q1. We began a rolling release calendar for Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths. So we started with the launch on Arena mid-April and then we'll have the official launch by mid-May. But we made cards available earlier. We also produced Mystery card boosters earlier and got those out to our Wizards Play Network stores, so that they would have those cards free of charge. And they could keep the proceeds of the sales of those cards to help support those small store owners that are part of our Play Network longer term. So it's a variety of levers that we're pulling. The team is doing an incredible job. We're seeing a continued growth in POS. In April we saw a very strong growth throughout Easter but really, week-on-week very, very strong growth and trade off here is really very strong growth in online and e-comm. And of course, with less store traffic, less footfall we're seeing a decline in the brick and mortar POS offset by tremendous increases in e-comm and omni-channel executions.
Felicia Hendrix: That's helpful. And it helps me segue to my next question, could you just talk a bit about the MAGIC. And so I was just wondering if you could just talk a minute about the transition from the physical games to Arena, given the social distancing environment? You mentioned that in your prepared remarks. Just wondering how sticky do you think that'll be in the future? And how much of Arena revenues really benefited from that, almost force transition? And could you see this as a permanent change?
Brian Goldner: Yes, we do see it as an opportunity for a permanent step up. I think people are discovering more of our games. If you look at our Games business overall, what research tells us is, it's not just the fans of all of our games, including our face-to-face games and MAGIC, that are coming to our games business, but rather with increased penetration we're seeing people take hold of gaming globally, more people wanting to make connections to play a variety of our games. Our games sales by brand are going more deeply into our portfolio. So it's not just the top games you and I can talk about, but really across the portfolio, from preschool all the way to adult. Now let's talk about MAGIC. So MAGIC during the quarter, we could see with our team in Seattle, Washington, where business was going and they transitioned our organized play to digital. And we've seen a high level of engagement, including new growth of Arena, but also new net players for the quarter. We shipped Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths earlier, that's trading card and moved to our rolling release plan that gets full worldwide rollout by mid-May. The team shifted to digital Friday Night Magic at Home which is working incredibly well. And also a MagicFest Online and that's performing well as -- in addition to Magic at Home. We're also supporting the hobby stores as I mentioned, but I also have to say Magic tabletop was up in the quarter in a substantial way because we started back in January with Theros Beyond Death release. We had several other releases throughout first quarter. And we had a number of TCG or trading card game releases scheduled for the remainder of the year. So storytelling will continue to be robust throughout the year.  On Arena, we have now seen 2.1 billion games played, and on average, players are spending more time on Arena than ever before. We're up an hour per week to nine hours from eight hours. We're seeing overall player engagement and satisfaction is very high, with the highest engagement and satisfaction from players who are playing both tabletop and Arena. So that leaves us or nets us an increase in new players across the brand, as we made these fast changes, the team has done a fantastic job. And also, as we go forward to the point of permanent increases in game players, and play for Magic, we can confirm that we're bringing Magic Arena to mobile this year, both in iOS and Android. And we're also launching with partners Tencent in China and you'll see it as well on Mac. So we're having a very strong period for Arena. In fact this period over the past month has been the strongest period since launch and we're seeing acceleration. Ikoria preorders are the strongest versus all previous Arena sets and then we've added some new features as well. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on what's happening with eOne. Specifically in the press release you guys talked about TV deliveries being down and some licensing agency transitions that affected PEPPA PIG, as well as the retail inventory issue for PJ MASKS. How much that changed the revenue trajectory from the 1.2 billion that you guys realized in 2019? 
Brian Goldner: Yes, Mike, good morning. So overall, our plan for the year, as we laid it out for you earlier this year was that eOne was going to deliver more half hours than in 2019; and in fact, probably about 20% more. In the first quarter, it was always planned that we were going to deliver less half hours than the prior year and then that was exacerbated by the fact that we were unable to finish certain episodes within the quarter as the editorial houses were shutting down along with production. So, we expect to deliver episodes that were to be finished in the first quarter later. It’s around really high rated shows like The Rookie, for example, where delivering those episodes produces very strong revenues for the company. The plan for the year was always a little more back half loaded. And we continue to believe it will be obviously offset by now considering the fact that in the Q2 period we’re unable to go back into productions, obviously productions are shut down, editorial shut down.  Having said that, the animation side of the business is very vibrant up and running and people are able to create animation, produce animation and render animation all during this period. So the family brand size is very healthy and they're continuing to produce a product for legacy eOne brands, as well as continuing to work on MY LITTLE PONY feature film which we intend to bring out in CG next year.  So overall, the key questions become one where when we can get back to production, and the timing of that. Obviously our team is working along with a whole group of producers and studios to determine how to reopen production and to do so safely, and to do that as an industry. Our expectation right now is that we begin to reopen and get back to productions in the third quarter. Also the team is being very inventive, our unscripted team has figured out how to create production in a box, where they literally are delivering production studio to people that they want to interview or put as part of their unscripted shows and delivering that box to doorsteps and producing shows and then taking those boxes back. So the team is being very thoughtful about how to get productions done, and yet the major productions will have to be waiting until we get more of the production capabilities up and running, as we move through the different phases of reopening economies. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Drew Crum from Stifel. Please proceed with your question. 
Andrew Crum : Brian, games has historically been very weighted to 4Q and I think 60% or so derived in the U.S. How do you see that shifting, given what you experienced in 1Q and given the current backdrop? And then separately, how do you think about the sales foregone, given the absence that the theatrical window for product that's tied entertainment properties, understanding that production could resume later this year, but not sure if anyone is going to be trafficking, frequenting theaters anytime soon. So how does that impact your toy sales on a go-forward basis? Thanks. 
Brian Goldner : Yes. So first, we've done a lot of work and the games team has really looked at just what the demand has looked like in the first quarter, and how that could have a bearing on the overall games business. And what they've really concluded, and we've talked a lot about, is the fact that the penetration of gaming has increased substantially. We're seeing a lot of new people buying our games and buying them more deeply. And yet the increases we're seeing while incredible during the first quarter is not nearly as big as what games are in Qs three and four during the holidays. And so, we continue to believe that we will see games continue to be an area that will sell quite well, both face to face, as well as digitally. The number of new innovations that we're bringing to games in the second half of the year is really just so heartening to see what the teams have been able to do and how they've been able to innovate and continue to bring games forward. So across every brand, there'll be new ways to play our great games, including Operation PET Scan, Cluedo Liars, and a number of Monopolies, including 85th anniversary edition. So we really see this is just a step-up in the first half, but the games have significant meaning to people, as we're able to connect socially. And we're seeing that as I said, across every demographic and psychographic for MAGIC: THE GATHERING to MONOPOLY to CHUTES AND LADDERS.  Then as we think about the theatrical business, we certainly are going to see less movies released this year than in 2021. So in fact, 2021 is shaping up to be quite a great year, where we'll have more than a half dozen movies that we will be supporting. We have a lot of innovation coming for the second half of the year. We saw the great support that we got and the growth that we saw in Frozen and STAR WARS in Q1. We'll see home entertainment window for Trolls later this year, and that will be very helpful, as we continue to market that brand in partnership with Universal. And I feel that clearly, people may not be back in the theaters as much -- in the short-term, we don't have that many theatrical initiatives planned for the back half of this year and far more now for 2021. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your questions. 
Arpine Kocharyan : Hi. Thank you very much. Good morning. Could you go over what percentage of your retail doors remain open today, and how many you expect to remain open in Q2? It seems top three customers are up and running, that's probably around 40% of your sales, what else is open right now and how you expect that to change into Q1? 
Brian Goldner : We're seeing clearly our top customers are open, but also other stores that sell essential goods are also open and drug and value stores are open, Dollar Stores, many of them are open. Around the world hypermarkets are open. Back in Asia stores are reopening. In the Pacific, we saw very strong growth of our business around the big mass retailers, and online continues to grow globally. Clearly, toy specialists are not open, and they are selling online where they have those capabilities. We have a sense that probably 25% to 35% of our retail doors are closed right now. But then again it varies so much by geography, as to what's going on, because of course, markets like Italy have been completely closed and Spain have been completely closed, as is the UK. So that's not a place where we were to give you a figure, because in fact, we're down to just the stores selling essential goods for groceries, and very little footfall inside of stores, where people are buying online.  So I'd say overall, that's why we've tried to give you some guidance around Q2, and yet as we look at the reopening plans, which are now really starting to accelerate and geographies are starting to make thoughtful plans around the science and bringing people back out into the world, we would expect that economies start to get going and people will come back into stores, albeit through protocols designated by different geographies around the world. 
Arpine Kocharyan : Going back to eOne, so I understand the production disruption for this year and some of that moving into the back half of 2020 and into 2021. But has there been reduction in that production schedule at all, where before this disruption, it was in your plans and now maybe not worth the investment. Has there been -- I understand the shifting that's happening, but has there been any actual reduction in that production schedule for eOne specifically? 
Brian Goldner : No, we look at what's heartening about eOne and that team, is their expertise in creating amazing entertainment. And they've been one of the top independent producers and studios for several years. We've seen their strength. They have more than 100 projects in development. We already have more than 15 Hasbro projects in development. The teams have done an incredible job of coming together, albeit virtually over the past six, seven weeks. The inculcation in Hasbro brands, the development and moving forward on Hasbro brands has really been quite heartening and people are really embracing the opportunity to work together. So our expectation for the year was that the number of half hours we'd grow and it just matters, how many of those episodes we can deliver in the back half of the year, and that's why in addition to other levers, we've just said, it's hard to predict if those predictive models change a little bit, it changes the outcome. And so, we don't believe there is a loss of demand. We just believe it's a shift of timing and that we will deliver all of these episodes and all of these new initiatives. And there are several that are continuing to come forward. And just a few weeks ago, there was a new series on HBO that was produced by eOne called Run. I encourage you to the watch it. It was really fantastic. So we're seeing new series come from eOne. It's just a matter of when we're able to deliver those series, and whether that's all in 2020 or some of that moves to 2021, we will have to see. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tammy to carry with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Tami Zakaria : So my first question is, did you see a benefit to April POS, as stimulus checks hit consumers' bank accounts? Or was the April strength uniform throughout the month? 
Brian Goldner : It's a great question and good morning. Now we've seen pretty consistent growth in POS. Our overall POS in North America for example is up -- in the U.S. is up by double-digits overall, including brick and mortar and online, with online POS continuing to perform at a very strong level, up and through the Easter period, even post Easter, we're seeing very strong results in POS, obviously driven around our gaming portfolio, around PLAY-DOH, and NERF Ultra, there are other brands that are really doing quite well for us. Our partners' brands in Frozen and STAR WARS, BEYBLADE is performing well. And so we didn't see a specific change as people receive checks, we've just seen an overall, very strong and positive POS and demand for our product. 
Tami Zakaria : Got it. That's super helpful and my follow-up is, since you're pulling back content production expenses this year to $500 million to $600 million, do you still expect production cost amortization to be 9% to 10% of revenues this year? 
Deb Thomas : As we look at the content that we're able to deliver, as Brian said, we may or may not be able to deliver the full amount that we had originally planned to, but we would expect that to change, commensurate with revenue, as we went forward. So if we're not able to deliver product and air it, then we won't start amortizing it. So that's really where the impact will come. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Fred Wightman : Does the current situation impact how you're thinking about potential asset sales at Entertainment One? 
Brian Goldner : Look, not really. We are in our fourth month together. As a team, we're really focused on our four areas of our business. As people work distantly, we've always said to break it down into what really matters, and that every person at Hasbro is able to contribute to one or more of the four key tenets of our business. Obviously, the most important of those is, in addition to focusing on our community and supporting our communities to create demand for our great products and our great entertainment, to ensure that we continue to build the supply of our toys and games, as well as the supply of entertainment everywhere we can. And then of course, underlying all of that is the liquidity of our business. And finishing the first quarter with $1.2 billion on our balance sheet, our access to our revolver, all speaks to the fact that we're managing cash very well, and Deb and her team have been amazing, as they've really navigated the current environment. We haven't really focused on asset sales and nor do we have to. We are liking the fact that the music business grew in the first quarter. Clearly, it's a digital business, with great artists and also our audio networks contributing. And we'll see where we go from here. We have the opportunity with an amazing array of brands. Some of those brands are already licensed out to third party toy and game companies. So TONKA is being produced primarily by another company. Micro Machines is being relaunched by another smaller company. And so we have that flexibility to license our toys and games to other companies, where we see the opportunity to do that, and to focusing on our top priorities of a very expansive, unique in the industry portfolio. 
Fred Wightman : And then, most people tend to think of toys as a recession-resistant category. Can you just remind us what the biggest two or three lessons were coming out of the last recession? And then, how you guys think you can utilize those in today's environment? 
Deb Thomas : Sure. Well, if we go back to 2008-2009 timeframe, you'll see coming out of 2008, we actually grew in 2009, and it's about the storytelling, the content and when you talk about the industry being really recession-resistant, it is. People tend, whether it's parent or a grandparent, a caregiver, a relative, they tend to stop spending on their children last, right. So they'll go without themselves before they go without spending on their children. And so, when you look at that, you do see the industry is fairly recession-resistant and we were very fortunate, we have a very solid balance sheet. As Brian said, we've got great cash on our balance sheet. We have terrific liquidity to kind of see us through a recession, and we feel pretty good about coming out the other side, and we also have great content that's in demand. So when you have that storytelling around it and that content, we think that we are well positioned because of the diversity of all the pieces of our business, now more so than even kind of coming out of the 2008 recession, that we saw yeah. 
Brian Goldner : The other thing that's interesting as we work with Darren and Steve Bertram and Olivier Dumont, and the eOne team, we went back and looked at how they had performed during fiscal years in that period and in fiscal year '09 and '10, they also had very strong years with lots of demand for content, increases in revenues. And we are seeing clearly a change in consumer behavior that benefits many of our categories of business, whether it'd be our digital business, our gaming business, our entertainment business, the content business, the PLAY-DOH business. And we just want to work our way through Q2, which will be a challenging period, mostly because of our access to global consumers, as people are rightfully spending time in homes and many of the retail doors have been shut. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question. 
Eric Handler : A couple of questions for you. First Deb, when I look at or try to figure out what 2Q '19 pro forma looks like for you guys, on a revenue basis, it looks like it should be pretty easy to figure out, like $1.2 billion. But I wondered on an adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS basis, if you could maybe help us navigate what those numbers should look like? 
Deb Thomas : Sure. So if you look at the 2019 eOne that we put in today's release, and the one-time items that were called out, I think we called them non-GAAP items on the schedule, that were set out on that schedule in the release as well, and back those out, because those will not be ongoing items, they are not representative of the underlying business. And also, just look at anything, I don't recall that we had any one-time non-GAAP adjustments in Q2 of 2019. But just look at our results, the two results and add them together, as well as looking at -- we will have approximately $25 million a quarter on amortization for the acquisition and we will back that out, we'll call that out just like we did this quarter, and that we said we would do at the beginning of the year. So if you think about that, that translates down to what the combined OP should be. Now when you look at the revenue, as we said, we think that Q2 will be our most challenging quarter of the year. We talked about bringing some game sales in to Q1 to meet demand, and actually make sure that they were positioned in the right place, so they could actually get out to consumers, and wouldn't be trapped in a warehouse.  And so, we have a little bit of impact from that, and we have the impact of not being able to deliver production, under our assumptions. I mean we've just tasked the teams, with say, up to 25% of retail could be closed for the second quarter, because we just don't know yet, but we're watching that. As Brian said, where there is a robust e-comm channel, we're still able to get some product there, but we do think the second quarter will be our most challenging quarter. 
Eric Handler : Great. Also Brian, you talked about some excess inventory that you're working through in Latin America, can you just remind us what some of the issues were in Latin America, and how long those have been going on and how long you think it takes to work through those issues? 
Brian Goldner : Yes look, we have an incredible sales team led by Michael Hogg, and if you go back a few years, each of our regions have been reinvented and are now performing at great levels, every time Michael and his team have gone in to look at how the business is being disintermediated and how we operate going forward. So five or six, years ago it was the U.S. business and then the European business, which is now performing well. And in Latin America, we don't have the same access to e-comm. E-comm's penetration is in the single-digits. So we've had to work through retail stores. There has been a lot of social unrest and consumers changing their shopping behavior, reduction in consumer shopping during the holiday. So we're just working through, what was some carryover product from the holiday period, places like Brazil and in Mexico, our two biggest markets. We also are seeing some of that in some of the smaller markets like Chile and Peru, and it's just a matter of a bit of time. I figure that we'll work our way through that this year. And as we get into 2021, we will be back in a better place. Again recognizing that we don't have the levers of e-comm or as much of omni-channel as we have in other markets, clearly WALMEX and Walmart are present in several countries down there and we clearly work with them across several different formats. But there are other retailers who are struggling more than a big retailer like Walmart, given the changes in consumer behavior and shopping patterns. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Raymond Stochel : Great, thanks for taking my question. How much are you willing to flex advertising? Is this just commensurate with a reduction in sales or is this a reduction as a percentage of sales? And then on that overall, if you could be a little bit more helpful in 2Q on the downside, if trends continue sort of at this overall rate and there is no big surprises, is it likely that you'll be profitable in the second quarter? 
Brian Goldner : Yes. So know, why don't we have Deb talk about the first part or the second part of that, and then I'll come back to the first part? 
Deb Thomas : Sure. Well if trends continue and retail is down significantly, as we talked about, not being able to deliver on our production, just because we can't finish them, it's a timing issue. We're taking a lot of steps to reduce our expenses. I mean everyone around the company is looking at it, we've already taken some. But there is a potential that we would be challenged on the profitability side in the second quarter. However, on a full year basis, again, we think it's going to be a good holiday. We think that the holiday will still come. We have -- we're developing all the innovation. If we look at our full year variable costs, about 40% of our brand costs are variable. So we're managing each and every one of those, and I'll let Brian address advertising, but we are flexing advertising spend to when we will need it the most to drive demand, but also be mindful of the expense and the cash side of it. 
Brian Goldner : Yes. There has been a real inventiveness in the advertising line, because we're able to work differently with our online and omni-channel retailers in creating content to commerce, which can be part of the way in which we work with retail. The teams are working more digitally and through social, which obviously saves on overall advertising expense, and yet becomes even more concentrated and targeted to audiences that we're trying to reach. Great example of that in the first quarter, and through the holiday was what we're doing in NERF. We created -- there is something called NERF House, which is almost short form content production delivered on social. It's headlined by several NFL stars, kind of a 90-style sitcom format, where they are playing with all of the new NERF product, they have Ultra One and Ultra Two and that costs far less to execute than linear television advertising. And so I think you'll see a shift from linear television advertising to more social and digital, that gives us the savings, and yet the effectiveness actually increases.  And then as Deb said, we're going to follow our patterns as we see it. We expect revenues in Q3 and Q4 can be very healthy, in fact as consumers continue to get access back and economies open, with the trends that we're seeing and the research that we've done about how sticky our games business is and our preschool business and people then get access to more of our toys that have been inside retail, we expect that we can have quite a robust second half of the year. And I mentioned 2021 is now setting up to be even a better year than we had originally expected with more than a half a dozen of theatrical releases that are expected during the period. 
Raymond Stochel : Got it. Thanks for the answer. And one last one for me. On Trolls, you mentioned it briefly, and I know it's a small piece of your business, but could you give us a sense of what you're seeing retailers saying on Trolls and what consumers are reacting to on Trolls, given the change in their distribution strategy, as a result of COVID-19, and what that could mean for you and the industry long-term? Thanks. 
Brian Goldner : Yes, look, I think there are some differences between making a shift at the last moment toward PVOD and presenting a piece of entertainment, as intended for streaming. So clearly, we were able to launch Trolls, but our plans were intended to be executed substantially through brick and mortar retail. We also of course have access to inventory for e-comm and omni-channel. But when you expect a theatrical release, you are eventizing around that theatrical release with our retailers and bringing people in stores from multiple categories of consumer products, including toys and games. We're really heartened with the fact that there will be still a home entertainment window for Trolls. We think that, that will be incredibly effective and continuing to market the Trolls property as we've seen in the past. We've been very successful with Trolls and Universal. That's where kids and families get to watch the movie over and over again. As you know the PVOD window was for a very limited time, where people got to see it and kind of had the access to the show for a couple of days, and we're going to market property throughout -- as compared to The Mandalorian, where that was intended to be a streaming series, we were able to market it through digital, knowing that it was coming in that manner. We're very excited about launching our first array of Baby Yoda products in May, and then the more interactive product, the animatronic product is still on track for the fourth quarter this year and our pre-sales have been very strong there. So, two different elements of a similar strategy, and the teams have done a great job in both instances and the partnership continues throughout the year.  In the fall, we'll have the second season of The Mandalorian and we are very excited about that launch, that should come around October. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bryan Goldberg with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Bryan Goldberg : Most of my questions have been answered. I just had a quick one on eOne and the content sales pipeline. You mentioned your team is still actively pitching development ideas, so I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on the demand patterns here. Are you seeing your network and platform customers still ordering new shows, at relatively normal levels? Or has there been a change in trend there? And then just in terms of content sales mix, have there been any notable shifts in demand by content type? For example, is there an opportunity to ramp up reality sales to back-fill the gap most networks are going to face, given the longer lead-times associated with scripted content productions. We appreciate any color you could provide. Thanks. 
Brian Goldner : Yes, it's a great question. And so, a couple of things. Number one is, our teams are continuing to pitch a number of buyers and we're seeing very robust demand for our new original IPs, and we're starting, as we stand up, more Hasbro projects are seeing incredible interest. We've already, as I said, working on more than 15 different Hasbro IP projects in different categories or platforms of IP creation. The second thing to note is the demand for our library and our library productions. As studios have been unable to produce as much themselves and as much original content as they may want, we're seeing very strong demand for high-quality library content, that has not been exploited in certain geographies or territories. And so that's been a new opportunity for us, as we go through the year.  And then finally, as you talk to colleagues and you look at the marketplace, what's again heartening to us, is an increased desire for many buyers, streamers and other platforms for IP that's more fantasy-oriented, IP that's more family oriented, IP that's happy and fun and allows people to enjoy together, and other genres of IP may see in -- certainly in the next few years, a bit of a diminished interest. So we think we have an array of great branded IP that fits really well in the marketplace, and an opportunity to develop, not only for this year, but few years to come. Things that will be in high demand for the services, the platforms and most importantly, audiences and consumers around the world. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. 
Timothy Conder : Brian, wanted to follow-on on the line of a couple of other questions. And I think this is kind of, has been emerging, developing over the last year especially, but maybe COVID is now accelerating this. But from your partners and just from your experience in the industry, how has COVID changed the thinking of studios about movie distribution via theaters, which obviously, they make more per view in the theaters and the box office than they do on PVOD or streaming? And then, how does that impact -- does it hurt short term IP related to that, but over the long-term may be kind of smooth it out, make it more consistent, I guess is a better question? I mean we've been seeing that, but how does that accelerate and especially, how does that impact '20 and '21 at this point versus your thoughts at Toy Fair? 
Brian Goldner : Yes, look, I think what you are going to see, is a continuation of studios making products, specifically for theaters. And from both kitchen research and more expansive research, I don't think any of us only want to watch content at home. Although, we watch plenty of content at home with friends and family. People want the shared experience of going to a movie theater. It has been part of global way of life. It's sort of part of a middle class disposable income experience, and all of our friends and family certainly miss going out to movies, and I expect that people all over the world miss that opportunity as well. And I think it will continue to be that way. I do think that a few studios were caught in the midst of the transition from an open marketplace to one that was social distancing, and given they had spent so much on marketing for a theatrical release and that marketing is obviously very precious, I think probably decisions were made to make a transition in that period, and also probably to -- look at an opportunity to bring it straight to consumers.  I think people are pretty intentional. You're hearing from Disney and Disney+ what their schedules are going out for many years. What's going to be in theaters versus what's on Disney+. You're seeing the same from other studios. You will see that from Hasbro as well, where we are going to continue to produce great branded content for theaters. We are going to continue to see new Transformers movies coming. We obviously have Snake Eyes coming over the next year. We'll have MY LITTLE PONY movie that will come. But you will also see great stream content, because I think the key has been -- the unlock has been, people are now engaging with character and story so much on these platforms that we're able to drive interest and engagement in merchandise and game playing, as we have seen for The Mandalorian and some other stream platforms -- other stream properties. 
Timothy Conder : And so really a little bit of changes in plans, but broadly, not a lot of changes from what you're seeing over the last few months? 
Brian Goldner : Well, look I think -- I wouldn't characterize it quite as you have. I think that there is going to be a lot of change in the near term, as people work their way through reopening up theaters and how do you do that safely and securely. But I think longer term, I think all of us miss the opportunity to go into a movie theater and enjoy a show together and get the broad audience reaction that you can't replicate just by watching at home. Having said that, we're going to continue to consume more content than ever before. We've seen that every time a new platform has been introduced, people are viewing more content than ever before. Young people are bending time with multiple formats of content being enjoyed. At the same time, we've talked about that over the past few years and we expect that to continue. 
Timothy Conder : And my follow-up is POS International, if you could give a little color there? And I guess also related to that, then the e-comm penetration you talked about Latin America, but e-comm penetration in Europe and Asia relative to North America and -- has that had any bearing also on the POS here, given COVID lockdown in those areas? 
Brian Goldner : Yes. We've clearly seen -- if we look at just overall global POS by region, growth in Europe and growth in Asia-Pacific, obviously decline in Latin America that's consistent with what we just described to you. As you look at global e-comm, Europe was very strong, some of our top customers, our e-comm customers, also people who have developed more robust omni-channel executions. We talked about how our team had really reinvented that business in Europe to look at the way, there was a disintermediated new e-comm and omni-channel structure that was emerging, and how consumers get product. In Asia, very robust e-comm business as you know. And then also in Pacific, meaning Australia, New Zealand, we saw very strong growth in the first quarter. The team down there has done a fantastic job. There are other markets that are less penetrated on e-comm and that's where the challenges in this particular period are more substantial or more -- is higher. 
Operator: At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I will turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks. 
Debbie Hancock : Thank you, Rob, and thanks everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours and management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call as well. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Hasbro's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you've any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question and answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. 2019 was the pivotal year for Hasbro. We achieved our plan to profitably grow revenues, performing well in a dynamic retail and global trade environment. Hasbro revenues grew 5% absent FX and adjusted operating profit increased 12%. We ended the year with good momentum in many markets and across brands which has carried forward to the start of 2020. We executed throughout the year as a more agile, modern and digitally driven company after re-designing our go-to-market strategy and commercial organization in 2018. The global teams delivered double-digit revenue and point-of-sale growth in pure play e-com. Our channel strategy drove growth for the year including double-digit gains in the value channel, the fan channel and grocery and drug. We advanced our retail strategy and execution for online and omni-channel partners ending with retail inventory of good quality and levels as well as product design specifically for these growing channels. We navigated the challenges and disruptions that arose in the global trade environment, implementing programs to meet revenue and margin goals during the important holiday season. We delivered compelling gaming experiences, led by the work of our teams at Wizards of the Coast, our positive results to date have us on plan to double Wizards of the Coast revenues over five years from 2018 to 2023. MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues increased more than 30% in the year behind double-digit growth in table top play and a strong first year for MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena. DUNGEONS & DRAGONS revenues grew for the sixth straight year and we are meaningfully investing in both brands to drive engaging storytelling while developing new digital games with high margin profitable growth longer-term. We look forward to sharing our 2020 new gaming plans for MAGIC and D&D on February 21st. MONOPOLY had double-digit revenue growth and grew in each region with new themes and relevant entertainment tie-ins. We advanced our consumer products licensing business growing revenues double-digits and expanding operating profit margin. We broadened our license brand portfolio and expanded our reach with original live events that drive consumer engagement. The team is actively working to leverage eOne’s brands across global, multi category licensing efforts and are already making great progress. We will share more about our plans at our upcoming Investor Meeting. We leverage and created compelling entertainment to drive creativity across brands. Partner brand portfolio revenues grew 24% for the full year and 50% in the fourth quarter. Disney's Frozen 2 and Descendants 3, Marvel's Avengers and Spider-Man franchises and Star Wars contributed to the gains for the year. We added POWER RANGERS to our Hasbro-owned portfolio, executing the brand across our blueprint in consumer products, entertainment and digital gaming. 2020 will be our first full year globally and we will offer new expressions across product, gaming, story and experience. Transformers had its second highest non-movie year in its history, fuelled by the growth of fan oriented product and Bumblebee Home Entertainment. And on December 30th we closed the acquisition of eOne adding great global brands to our portfolio and tremendous expertise and capabilities across film, TV and music. In addition to eOne's profitable business, we are poised to bring more Hasbro IP to audiences, fans and consumers globally while further developing Hasbro and eOne’s cross platform storytelling. I'm encouraged by the early days of our teams working together, and later this month, we will share more about our new stronger Hasbro. For the full year, the Global Hasbro team delivered on our plan, reinventing our approach to commercial markets. Each major region grew revenues, Absent FX. The entertainment licensing and digital segment increased 22% to $435 million or 9% of revenues behind growth in digital gaming, entertainment and consumer products. The U.S. ended the year with strong fourth quarter performance including high-single digit revenue growth. Amid disruption from tariff uncertainty the U.S. team worked closely with our retailers to preserve orders at risk, ahead of the list for the tariff implementation, which ultimately did not go into effect. Point-of-sale was positive for the quarter, as well as for the full year, absent Toys"R"Us. We increased our investment in supply chain and logistics during the year to ensure revenue continuity, and to meet the increasing just-in-time inventory requirements of our retailers, which will remain a priority of our commercial and supply chain efforts going forward. Our teams, both Hasbro and our third-party providers executed at a high level in the fourth quarter to meet the changing needs of our evolving retailer base. We view these improvements as sustainable in 2020. In Europe, we executed our goal to stabilize revenues and improve profit. Full year revenues grew 4% absent FX and operating profit increased more than 3 times with room for future improvement. We enhanced our digital and online selling capabilities across the region to succeed in an environment where retailers carry less inventory, and new channels are expanding. Amazon is our largest and fastest growing customer in the region. While the European region is not without its challenges, including continued retail disruption in several countries, which contributed to a softer toy and game market. We grew revenue in Germany, Russia and Iberia, as well as a modest increase in the U.K. despite a down market. Point-of-sale declines moderated for the region during the fourth quarter, but POF was down Absent Toys"R"Us for the full year. Several brand launches occurred later here, or will happen in 2020, such as NERF Ultra and new PLAY-DOH offerings. Latin America revenues were up slightly Absent FX behind gains in Mexico, which offset disruptive unrest in several countries in the region. Asia Pacific revenue increased 7% Absent FX led by growth in Japan, China, India and Korea where the fan economy is an important growth driver. Our brand successes were led by innovation, new platforms and compelling stories. In addition to those I've already highlighted, PLAY-DOH revenues were up, driven by our popular kitchen creation play items and the rollout of five new compounds in the U.S. which will be distributed and marketed globally in 2020. Hasbro's robust product line across price points for Disney's Frozen 2 had a tremendous holiday and momentum continues into the year with the new home entertainment window beginning today. In partnership with The Walt Disney Company, the team created a highly innovative line to capture the imagination of our consumers with strength across price points. According to NPD, Hasbro's fourth quarter 2019 sales across the G5 markets were the highest in the brand's history in the product categories where we have rights. Star Wars benefited from the year end theatrical release of Star Wars, The Rise of Skywalker and the Mandalorian airing on Disney Plus. The Mandalorian Black Series figure was one of the top sellers in the fourth quarter and Hasbro leveraged the global phenomenon of the child, affectionately called Baby Yoda to drive pre-order sales across several new products which shipped this year. Through new story and characters, young fans are increasingly engaging with Star Wars in major markets around the world. Finally, Hasbro's product for the Marvel franchises including the Avengers and Spider-Man had an outstanding year behind an extremely robust entertainment slate. BEYBLADE leveraged new product, entertainment and digital integration for another year of revenue growth with good momentum to start the year. For NERF, a very successful fortnight line and a promising start with NERF Ultra in the U.S. helped us gain share globally in the blaster’s category in 2019 according to NPD. Performance improved throughout the year, and the revenue in POS declines were modest in the fourth quarter. We will launch Ultra globally, and have additional break frame product launching this year. We believe in the growth opportunity for this brand across product and experiences. Our total games category grew 6% for the year, fuelled by growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY. Higher revenues from DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and several classic game titles did not offset declines in our Hasbro gaming portfolio, including the contribution of new game launches and difficult comparisons to the prior year PIE FACE and SPEAK OUT sales. The team acted nimbly, reorienting marketing and retail campaigns mid-year to gain incremental space at retail for the holiday, and we'll continue to drive our original product and impactful marketing across the business. In closing, on the strength and diversity of our portfolio, we setup plan to profitably grow last year and we delivered on that plan, including revenue and operating profit gains for the full year in the fourth quarter. As we look to 2020, we are excited about the brand and entertainment opportunities the team is executing, to deliver continued revenue and profit improvement. In early 2018, we set a target that said if certain things broke right Hasbro's 2020 business without eOne, to look much like 2017 in terms of revenue and operating profit margin. We've made tremendous progress and expect to continue to deliver profitable growth, but there are a few key factors, which have changed over the period for Hasbro's business pre eOne. These include an approximate negative $160 million impact from foreign exchange, a decline in U.S. retail inventories alone of close to $200 million when you include the Toys“R”Us exit and the toy and game industry that has not yet returned to growth. What will stand out in the market this year are excellent brands across gaming, toys and consumer products with innovative product lines, and an increasing array of compelling stories. With 2019’s good performance, and investments in future growth drivers as a backdrop, over the past year, we took major steps to create the Hasbro of the future. We have built profitable revenue streams across consumer products, including toys and games, in-gaming led by our efforts at Wizards of the Coast and in entertainment, which we bolstered with the acquisition of eOne and are making great progress to achieve the synergies we outlined around our combination. On February 21st, we’ll speak in more detail about the opportunity for Hasbro, executing at evolve Blueprint strategy. As we focus unlocking the value of from the eOne acquisition and de-levering over the coming years, we remain committed to investing in our business for growth and maintaining our dividend. The board has declared our next quarterly dividend of $0.68 per share to be paid in May. I would like to now turn the call over to Deb to speak to the financial performance and strength of Hasbro. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. 2019 was a good and important year for Hasbro. We delivered on our goal of profitable growth. We managed through a challenging trade environment, and we undertook financed and at the beginning of fiscal 2020 closed the eOne acquisition. Our teams worked extremely hard to ensure we executed at a high level this holiday, to drive fourth quarter and full year revenue and profit growth, while also diversifying our supply chain and completing a major acquisition. 2019 revenues excluding foreign exchange increased 5%. Operating profit margin adjusted for eOne acquisition related expenses increased to 14.2% and full year adjusted EPS was $4.08 per share. We generated $653.1 million in operating cash flow during the year, and returned $398 million to shareholders. In support of the eOne acquisition during the fourth quarter, we raised $3.3 billion in net proceeds from our equity and debt offerings, which is included in our year-end cash balance of $4.6 billion. Excluding these financing activities, our year-end cash balance is in line with 2018. During our first fiscal quarter of 2020 with the deal close, we borrowed 1 billion of a term loan to round out our eOne financing and paid $3.8 billion for eOne’s shares as well as approximately $830 million to redeem their outstanding notes and revolving credit facility. We are so pleased that eOne is now part of our team. Overall, Hasbro's revenue grew at actual and constant rates and on and as reported an adjusted basis, operating profit increased. Looking at our segments, U.S. and Canada segment revenue grew 3% for the year, with growth in partner and emerging brands. Underlying profit was essentially flat as we absorbed higher royalty costs in support of strong partner brand growth, higher intangible amortization associated with Power Rangers and higher shipping and warehousing costs from carrying more domestic inventory and managing an increasingly just in time retail network. Retail inventories were up slightly in the U.S. at year-end behind growth and partner and emerging brand inventories. International segment revenues grew 4% Absent an unfavorable FX impact. Partner brand revenue grew and Absent FX emerging brands were up. Following significant reductions in 2018 retail inventory levels, they remain in good shape internationally. Operating profit for the segment more than doubled as retail inventories were at much improved levels. Allowances declined, operating costs came down and revenues grew. Entertainment licensing and digital segment revenues increased 22% with growth in digital gaming, led by MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena and revenues from the Bumblebee film and in consumer products licensing. Adjusted operating profit and profit margin declined as we invest in digital gaming initiatives, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena and future MAGIC in DUNGEONS & DRAGONS digital games. In addition, we recorded lower streaming television revenues and had higher program amortization associated with the Bumblebee film. Despite the near-term margin impact of investments, the segment margin of 22.9% remains meaningfully accretive to our corporate average. Overall cost of sales as a percentage of revenue improved 200 basis points for the year. We had forecasted and delivered improvement based on lower retail inventory in Europe, which drove a meaningful decline in allowances and close outs. In addition, we benefited from favorable product mix from higher entertainment, licensing and digital revenues, higher entertainment driven toy and game revenues, such as FROZEN 2, MARVEL and STAR WARS and a greater mix of MAGIC: THE GATHERING. This was partially offset by higher cost to bring inventory into the U.S. As we discussed last quarter, royalty expense grew to 8.8% of revenues for the year on higher partner brand revenues, including strong FROZEN 2 and STAR WARS shipments in the fourth quarter. Advertising declined $26 million for the year including a decrease of $46 million in the fourth quarter, which was in part due to higher entertainment back revenues, which require lower advertising investments. When viewed together, our royalty and advertising expenses in 2019 increased to 30 basis points from prior year. We are also driving greater efficiency in our advertising reaching more consumers through lower cost, more effective platforms including, social media. Program production amortization increased as expected coming in at 1.8% of full year revenues, reflecting the revenue timing and amortization of Transformers Bumblebee. SG&A declined to 21.6% revenues excluding eOne transaction expenses. The benefit of our cost saving initiatives and favorable foreign exchange were partly offset by higher investments in digital gaming, increased compensation expense and additional warehousing cost. Our team did a good job prioritizing and managing expenses in the fourth quarter. Below operating profit, interest expense reflected $10.7 million from bonds issued to fund the eOne acquisition. Reflecting this financing for 2020, we estimate interest expense to be approximately $210 million. 2019 other income includes $111 million settlement charge associated with the termination of our U.S. pension plan earlier in the year. There are also several items associated with the eOne acquisition. These include a full year gain of $114 million associated with hedging the British pound purchase price. In the fourth quarter, this equalled a gain of $140 million pre-tax. The fourth quarter and full year also included $20.6 million a financing transaction fees primarily associated with the bridge facility. With the financing complete, the bridge facility has been terminated. Excluding these eOne acquisition related items, adjusted other income totaled $60.4 billion for 2019 and $23.3 million for the fourth quarter, which includes approximately $6 million of interest income associated with higher cash balances ahead of the closing. Our underlying tax rate, absent discrete events, was 17% compared to an underlying 18.3% last year. Based on our customers reaction depending tariff, we had forecasted the tax rate to be at the high end of our previously guided range. However, the teams worked with retailers during the quarter to preserve direct import orders from China and ultimately List 4B tariffs were not implemented. As a result, the buying practices were closer to historic levels than expected and direct import orders declined only 3 percentage points of the total. That trend, along with sales exceeding expectations in certain foreign jurisdictions changed our mix of income and resulted in a more favorable tax rate. The 12.4% GAAP effective tax rate includes the favorable tax impact of the pension termination as well as certain items associated with the eOne transaction. Moving to the balance sheet. Given the fourth quarter entertainment releases in the later timing of direct import orders due to tariff uncertainty, our shipments and collections came later in the year. As a result, receivables increased 19% and days sales outstanding increased 12 days to 90 days. The impact of FX on the receivables balance was less than $1 million. Receivables are of good quality and by the end of January, we collected nearly $550 million of the year in balance. Our teams navigated the past 12 months extremely well, as we executed major brand campaigns, met the needs of a changing retail landscape, dealt with the disruptive trade environment and completed a major acquisition. Our combined organization is becoming one. We're about six weeks into our work together with eOne and we look forward to sharing more with you regarding our view to 2020 and beyond at Toy Fair. In closing, I'd like to comment on the coronavirus. Our thoughts are with those impacted by the outbreak. There is disruption to our supply chain and commercial operations in China as travel is limited and employees and factory workers have been delayed in returning to work. The impact to our business to date is small, but it's challenging to quantify the potential magnitude at this time, as it will depend on how long it takes to contain the outbreak. If it takes a significant period of time to control, there could be a larger impact on our business. We are rescheduling any China based direct import shipments and production missed during the past week, and we're monitoring the situation closely to determine how quickly our manufacturing partners can resume full production levels and catch up on the missed out activity. This is a lower revenue in factory production period for us, and we're working to protect the flow of goods. We have a cross-functional team working to identify and mitigate the impact to Hasbro. We've identified priority items with launch dates in the coming weeks and months as part of our contingency plans, and we'll work to recapture any lost productivity in the near term to meet demand throughout the year. Now, Brian and I, are happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Ashley Helgans: Hi, good morning. This is Ashley Helgans on for Steph. Thanks for taking our questions. So Digital Gaming put up impressive growth. Can you speak to the key measures you're seeing that give you confidence in growth sustainability, and what can we expect in 2020 in terms of new digital games or features?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, good morning. And we did see very strong growth for MAGIC: THE GATHERING and the increased growth for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. And for MAGIC, it really was growth in two fronts. First, our tabletop game grew substantially and that brings a lot of new players and unique players into the game, so we saw growth in unique players. And we also saw growth for all the events. And our revenue for tabletop was up. And of course, in the fourth quarter, it was down as we had described because of the release cadence and the release timing. We've seen a lot of engagement across an array of new offerings there. For MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena we saw great growth for the brand. That aspect of the brand throughout the year. MAGIC Arena was ranked as a top e-sports brand number seven, it was also one of the top 10 reviewed games for Metacritic. We've seen over 1.8 billion games played thus far. 72% growth in new players for the year, and on average MAGIC players -- Arena players continue to spend about 8 hours a week. We're also seeing incredible streaming metrics 43% growth in viewer hours year-to-year. We're seeing over 70,000 streamers since the open beta, and it continues to be a top 20 game on Twitch week-to-week. In January, just a few weeks ago, we began the launch of MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena on the Epic Game Store. So that gives us access to 100 million PC gamers and we're just ramping up the marketing to bring in more MAGIC players as we go forward. We're very excited about some other new initiatives that will continue to drive our partnership with Tencent. We'll also talk more about our migration to mobile. And Chris will outline our 2020 plans on the 21st. In addition, for D&D, we did see our sixth straight year of growth. We are seeing about 150 million hours of content viewed on Twitch and YouTube which is up nearly 50% year-on-year. In the first half of 2020, we're seeing a lot of new initiatives coming for the brand. But again, I'm going to let Chris walk us through at our Analyst Day, our plans for digital gaming which are again substantial for D&D that begins in 2020.
Ashley Helgans: Thanks for all the color, and congrats on the quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Hi. Thank you very much. So this might be too early to ask, but I'm going to try. Now that we have taken a closer look at eOne books, do you have thoughts around sort of puts and takes for the synergy guide you've given out the initial 130 million when you announced the acquisition. Even if you cannot give exact numbers, how do you feel about that number now versus when acquisition was announced, or anything broadly about the portfolio of brands you're looking at today in this retail environment? Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Good morning Arpiné. Thanks for the question. Today we're only six weeks into operating with eOne and we're still in the process of finalizing our combined budgets. But I can say that, nothing has changed what we estimated from synergy impacts, so far for what we've seen. We'll give more color on what the two businesses look like together in on the 21st as best we can. You know as I said, we're only six weeks through. But Brian, do you want to talk about our brands together?
Brian Goldner: Sure. It's great now to have Hasbro and eOne come together as a company. Together we'll focus in three major areas that we'll continue to talk about. Certainly, entertainment and storytelling, and they're profitable entertainment business and driving more Hasbro IP across storytelling platforms, our gaming business and then consumer products including toys and games. We continue to see the top growth drivers of the toy and game industry all being associated with both storytelling as well as engagement across gaming and storytelling. So we also see of course that streaming is going to play an increasingly important role. We can talk more about that. So immediately we add PEPPA PIG, PJ MASKS and RICKY ZOOM to our portfolio. The team's done a great job there, and we expect additional growth. We're also beginning to partner together between eOne and Hasbro teams to reimagine brands like MY LITTLE PONY. As you know in 2019, it was our ninth season, final season for the current MY LITTLE PONY TV series and now the teams taking up the mantle on MY LITTLE PONY in earnest for our plans in 2021 and beyond that would include our animated feature film as well as new television for that brand; such great opportunities as the teams [indiscernible], and we won't talk about all those initiatives today but certainly over the next several weeks and months you will see more Hasbro IP come to the market via incredible talent and expertise at eOne.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum: Thanks. Good morning guys. Brian, you made a couple of comments about NERF. Can you talk about how it performed relative to your expectation during the year? Is it still the company's largest brand and how are you thinking about the brand in 2020? Should we assume growth for NERF this year? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: NERF made substantial progress in 2019. In fact, in the U.S. where we had all of our new innovation including NERF Ultra as well as the Fortnite line in the marketplace, we really saw very good momentum for the brand. In fact we were up in POS online, where consumers have direct access to their favourite blasters. We grew market share in the blasters category as we describe for the global business, and overall, our sales for the brand were only down very low single digits in the fourth quarter, so we expect that momentum to pick up as we now get the access to new innovation that will go out globally. We have several new innovative launches coming in 2020 as well. The brand is still our top brand for the company and we also saw that the brand enjoyed some of our top sellers over the holidays online included both Fortnite as well as our Ultra one product. So again, very enthusiastic about the brand, [Indiscernible] believes fully in long term growth prospects for the brand, and believe that 2020 is a pivotal year as we bring more innovation and we bring the momentum we've seen in the U.S. And actually in a few other territories around the world, NERF has continued to perform well, and we'll bring that all to bear in 2020.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning. So Brian, I just wanted to get back to your comments about 2020 compared to 2017. I'm interpreting your comments that given the headwinds it may take a further year to get to the 2017 metrics. So just wanted to see if you could comment on that. And then my follow up is on some of the POS details that you gave in your prepared remarks for the fourth quarter. I think you gave some of the business lines but not all. So I was wondering if you could give us overall POS and then just review them by revenue line. And I'm also wondering how RICKY ZOOM has been doing since launch? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Sure. You know, first and foremost, we talked about our plans for 2020 now include eOne and so of course we immediately add brands like PEPPA PIG, PJ MASKS and RICKY ZOOM so that the comparisons that we had had historically now are no longer relevant as we sort of step forward and beyond what was our expectation for 2020 to look somewhat like 2017. Having said that, in the underlying toy industry, we've noted a few of the headwinds. We do expect to continue to grow profitably that underlying Hasbro business in revenues and to continue to grow our operating margin over time as we continue to make progress around gaming and our consumer products business, entertainment licensing and digital. And so I'd say that we're now moving ahead into 2020 as we operate as one company with Hasbro and eOne. As we look out over the time horizon, clearly, we believe the substantial growth opportunity over the next several years through 2022 as we've outlined for you as part of the acquisition. The POS, we talked a bit about on the call clearly North America saw some growth globally for the full year. POS last was down literally low single digits, and then again, as we -- as we look at the business, we see some really substantial growth around for the full year around our toy business. We see obviously substantial growth around our partner business and brands. I'd also say, we wanted to look at year-to-date because we have seen some really good momentum year-to-date in the U.S. Our POS year-to-date is up 10% and in Europe our POS is up as well. So again, as we moderated those declines in the fourth quarter, we're seeing gains in Europe beginning for the first quarter 2020. And again, it was a -- it was a late holiday. We saw that momentum build around the holidays and we saw very good performance from several of our brands recognizing that brands like MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Transformers faced year-on-year headwinds. Transformers from the fact that there had been a movie the prior year, and MAGIC, we talked about the release cadence how the fourth quarter of 2019 would be lower than the prior year given the release cadence of the brand over that period.
Felicia Hendrix: And RICKY ZOOM?
Brian Goldner: RICKY ZOOM’s had a great start. It's seen hundreds of millions of streams coming off of Yoku in China as well rolling out around the world, and I think the team is going to talk about the second season of Ricky coming shortly, but I'll let them describe that to you or for you at Toy Fair.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hi. Good morning. I think you guys commented a bit on supply chain expenses being a bit elevated. Can you let us know how that is expected to play out over the remainder of 2020 does that level out? And then, I don't think there were any comments on the Disney contract renewal, which I believe is up this year, so if you have any comments on that, that would be helpful? Thanks.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So from a supply chain standpoint we did mention that, with the changes to domestic versus direct import shipping and we're still saying, we saw some higher domestic shipping it's requiring more cost particularly in North America as we add additional warehouses. You don't see the impact on the full year as strong as we did on the third quarter, where we talked quite a bit about it. But that is a reality, it's a slightly higher cost. That being said, our ocean freight contracts are looking good go-forward and our airfreight contract, so are actually bringing product here if its coming to the U.S. is a bit less expensive. However, it's a matter of moving it through the supply chain when it gets here. But we do think that that mitigate out and of course, we look at that when we set our overall pricing for our product.
Brian Goldner: Now, in terms of Disney, we've had a very strong year together and very successful partnership that continues in 2019 and into 2020. Now first and foremost, partnership with Disney on Frozen 2 was amazing. We are -- Hasbro is the leading company on the Frozen property. Thus far we expect to continue to see strong results in 2020. The home entertainment window is going on now with that new innovative products from our teams. We're also driving our PRINCESS business, Mulan comes in March and we have Raya, the last Dragon that comes in the fall. We're also seeing the great impact from Disney Plus, the fact that the library of Disney PRINCESS films are now available together, only gives us more opportunity to continue to work with Disney to bring to life those characters in product and we see a major of course expansion of Disney Plus across Europe in 2020, which benefits us. In the holidays, the castle was among the top sellers, they earned [ph] their Castle for Frozen. For Marvel, we had a tremendous year around Avengers, as well as with Spiderman. We also focus on the fan economy with the Marvel 80th product, the 80th year product. So again, its a very strong partnership. And for Star Wars, we saw great results around Star Wars both from Triple Force Friday in support of the Rise of Skywalker, as well as for the Mandalorian. We're incredibly excited that the Mandalorian Season 2 will come to Disney Plus this fall. We're also seeing and will have great support around the Clone Wars, which is the seventh season which comes to Disney Plus in the spring. And again, we continue to drive and support the brand. I'll give you all that as backdrop for how we work in such a substantial way with the Walt Disney Company. We continue engagement with them and while we take nothing for granted, we believe we will continue to be a partner of choice across these properties in to the future.
Jaime Katz: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Could you talk about the puts and takes on the gross margin line that you saw in the fourth quarter? And then I have a follow-up.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So from a gross margins standpoint, we really did see the impact of the benefit of the high entertainment related property that we talked about the great movie from -- actually Brian just talked about the great movies that came in the fourth quarter from our partners at Disney. So those properties tend to carry a higher gross margin, because they've royalties to offset a bit further down the P&L or to go against them, I shouldn't say, offset that. So you see the impact of that in the fourth quarter. You also see the impact of better performance on closeouts throughout the year, as well as pricing of our product overall. So you're saying all of the things mix into the fourth quarter and we are getting the benefit that we talked a little bit about -- bit earlier, within the gross margin line of some reduced costs from our supply chain and all the work that our team has done to actually bring product into the country.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That's helpful. And then, your entertainment digital and licensing revenues were up and impressive 22% for the year. So, could you provide some color on the mix of this growth coming from Bumblebee versus MAGIC: THE GATHERING arena?
Brian Goldner: We saw across each of the discrete parts of the entertainment, licensing and digital business. Our consumer products licensing business is up. Our digital gaming business was up with a number of our digital games with partners performing incredibly well including YAHTZEE With Buddies! which is a top 50 game on the Apple app store. We had a new monopoly game launching from Marmalade Studios that launched in December and charted as number one as it launched. Our POWER RANGERS digital games continue to performed well. And in first quarter 2020 we have a G.I. Joe game in support of the brand called G.I. Joe War and Cobra launches in Q1, as well as a SCRABBLE go game that were launch from Scopely in Q1. So digital gaming grew, our entertainment business grew, and our Wizards digital business all grew in 2019. Arena grew throughout the year. Arena grew in the fourth quarter offset by a bit of decline in legacy MAGIC: THE GATHERING online business, but overall Arena had a fantastic year and we expect continued progress as I outlined the expansion of the brand across multiple platforms for 2020.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Yes. Thank you very much for the question. Two things. First, can you talk a little bit about for modeling purposes, the seasonality associated with eOne. I know, you're going to talk a little bit about this during the analyst meeting, but for modeling purposes now wondering if you could talk a little bit about this? And then also, you've eluded in the past about this sort of being a inflection for POWER RANGERS. I wonder if you could go into some details about POWER RANGERS and some of the products that you've got for this year?
Deb Thomas: Sure. So Eric, as I mentioned, we are actually just working on finalizing our combined budget with eOne and really looking at the seasonality. So much of their seasonality and their family brands business is very similar to our. Seasonality are historical seasonality. But in the television and film business its really dependent on actually very similar to us last year one of things Brian didn't mentioned in our entertainment and licensing is we had a big delivery of our streaming revenue last year which offset some of the benefits we're seeing on the revenue side and entertainment and licensing. But so much of that is dependent around delivery. So we'll give a bit more color on that as we move into the February 21st date.
Brian Goldner: And for POWER RANGERS it was a great year on Beast Morphers who was a strong year one recognized that the bulk of our business really didn't began until the second quarter in 2019. In 2020, we have the benefit of the full year. And as we look at our ratings on Nickelodeon, we are number one in our time slot for kids two to 11. Season 2 of Beast Morphers launches Q1 in North America and then rollout globally. We're very excited about the brand because we continue to execute in gaming, in consumer products, in toys and games and we'll also add an array of experiences, live experiences for the brand as we rollout globally. So we believe in the growth prospects of the brand. And the teams are very excited about executing across the blueprint.
Deb Thomas: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder: Thank you. And just a couple of follow-ups here. One, Deb, little more color on the SD&A seem to be down substantially. And again, on an adjusted basis, if you could just give us a little more color there, the sustainability of that from the cost program that you have held or just a little bit more color on that from what happen in the quarter? And then, as it relates to Star Wars and the Mandalorian, if we look into 2020, how would you that the trajectory of the core Star Wars is relative, obviously, Mandalorian, maybe you and all that's going well. But if you put those two together, the collective Star Wars, just maybe how that's working?
Deb Thomas: Sure. So Tim, you are right. You're seeing the benefit of our cost savings initiative coming through that SD&A line. But what somewhat offsetting that -- and you also get a little bit of benefit of FX. So, while, FX is negative on the top line. The impact -- translation impacts are bit positive on lines like SD&A. But within that, we're seeing the investment that we're making in our digital gaming business. So while a piece of that comes in the product development line, you're seeing the portion of that for what we've capitalized and we're depreciating is coming through the SD&A line. So, as far as sustainability, we do believe our cost savings are sustainable. We might get a bit more in 2020. But its going to be difficult to pull out as we have eOne gather. So we'll try to highlight what we think the outline is going to look like in 2020 on the 21st. That's a lot of 20s. But we will continue also to make those investments in digital gaming, because as we've talked about, those are really driving revenue for the future. So while we're seeing some that expense coming through now, and we continue to see that as a great area of growth. Brian talked about MAGIC and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, and all of the other great things you're going to hear Chris talk about on the 21st. We continue to believe that's a really important line to invest in. The other thing that's offsetting some of those cost savings this year is a bit of compensation expense as well.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So for Star Wars, its great to see the level of brand engagement that's coming from the fan. But also its really impressive to see how kids are coming into the brand and their engagement that comes from both the Rise of Skywalker as well as for the Mandalorian, We are very excited to see the Mandalorian Season 2 coming later this fall. Disney Plus also has the Clone Wars that are on in the spring. There's also a live-action kids game show called Jedi Temple Challenge, which we think we'll continue to engage kids. And then of course, they have two major theme park launches for Galaxy's Edge, both at Disney World and Disneyland. We think all of that is -- all adds to the engagement around the Star Wars brand and we're seeing that in the results. Certainly, we've seen great growth of our Black Series and the fan-oriented product, but we're also seeing engagement around Lightsabers and role play that are expressly designed and made for kids. We think the brand continues to perform very well in 2020. We're obviously excited about the home entertainment windows for Star Wars, of course, as well as for Frozen. And we believe that will just continue to add to engagement. I think that this is a property, as Disney's outlined, that will perform both in film, but also in television and continue to evolve as a property that will be in stream television via Disney Plus and engage fans and families in that way. I think that as we sort of step back, we think that this streaming entertainment that also engages people in other attributes of brands including merchandising and consumer products is the next watchword for our industry and for the category. And it's perfectly timed with our efforts with the one that we develop our properties for television and for film.
Operator: Thank You. Our next question is from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Great. Thanks for the question. I just have one for Deb and one for Brian. Deb, could you just talk a little bit about how advertising expense in the quarter? It was the lowest level in 4Q that we've seen in several years. I know you've mentioned the few things; the high level of partner brands mix and some marketing efficiency, but could you just give a little bit more color there? And said differently, should we expect next year's advertising expense to return closer to 2018 levels if partner brands mix normalizes? And then, for Brian, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the engagement and revenue trends for MAGIC arena. How did that look in the quarter relative to earlier in the year for instance? Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So good morning, Mike. From an advertising standpoint, we did talk about. We had the unusual effect of these two major entertainment properties coming late in the fourth quarter both in Frozen 2 and in Star Wars. So, combined the advertising spend around that was a bit, while it was still high and we're very engaged and making sure, we're promoting products along with all the wonderful promotion that was done by the Walt Disney Company. We did see that we have lower advertising in the quarter in particular. But when you look at that combined with royalties which is a reflection of the product that moved in the quarter, it was actually, we were up 30 basis points when you look at the two items combined. We are actually seeing savings so in our advertising line particularly as we move more and more to social media and we see where our consumer is actually consuming the media and advertising component. So, we expect our cost to be a bit lower in 2020 than they have been in the past. And we'll give a little bit more color around that as we move into the 21st and our Investor Day.
Brian Goldner: And for MAGIC: THE GATHERING as you know Mike, it operates on a number of levels and the brand was up more than 30% for the year and you can't underestimate the power of all of the storytelling that comes from the card releases and the fact that the tabletop game was up in such a substantial way with engagements around events and unique players all pointing to incredibly strong metrics. Our digital MAGIC Arena business also grew several fold throughout the year. We saw strength in each and every quarter including growth in the fourth quarter. We were gearing up for and have now executed MAGIC Arena on the Epic Game Store which just occurred and we're really going to be ramping up all the marketing in partnership with Epic to bring MAGIC to more gamers than ever before. MAGIC Arena will move to mobile through in the year and 2020. I'm going to let Chris outline the plans there, but that's incredibly exciting as we gave give more people access to MAGIC Arena recognize. It's been a PC based game thus far as well our partnership with Tencent, we expect that to ramp and to have an impact on the brand in 2020 as we look at new markets and new geographies around the world. In addition to that, for MAGIC, you will see a new game launch this year in MAGIC in the casual arena and I'll let Chris walk you through that. You'll also see great digital game development for D&D. And we'll see you on February 21st to outline that.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Linda Bolton Weiser with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Hi. Thank you. You had mentioned in your commentary that retail inventory in the U.S. was slightly up year-over-year at the end of the year. Does that cause you any concern going into the first quarter? Or is it that the POS trends are strong enough so that it's not a concern? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Sure. The inventory levels in the U.S. are up just slightly. And so, yes, the POS trends we're seeing are in excess of the inventory level increase that we've seen. And we do feel good about the momentum in the brand. We're seeing great takeaway at retail. Lots of engagement around several of our properties. Lots of new initiatives coming for Q1. We've outlined just a few on the call today. But certainly the home entertainment windows coming for both Star Wars and for Frozen -- with Frozen home entertainment window beginning today is certainly incredibly helpful as we engage more kids, fans, and families in those brands. So it's very exciting. It's a great start to 2020.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Great. And then, can I just ask you about your e-commerce, maybe if you could just give us a little color on how your penetration in e-commerce has progressed. And remind us what percentage of your revenue it was in 2019 and how they compared to 2018? And how you think you rank versus competitors and penetration in e-commerce? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Our e-commerce business was up substantially in 2019 far in excess of our underlying POS gains. And we've seen incredible growth in both pure play e-commerce, as well as with omni channel. We see our retailers gaining share in those areas. We've seen that for e-com players as well as omni-channel competitors. And our products on e-commerce performed incredibly well with top sellers have included products from Frozen from NERF, and are FurReal Cubby, which enabled FurReal to regain its status as the number one brand in that space. We see Hasbro Games, particularly classic games over the holidays performing very well. And we have seen a several percentage point increase in our overall sales and e-commerce as a percent of total. And so I would expect that e-commerce sales as a percent of total now should be in the low 20s. We're just looking at some final numbers there. But again, we expect that to continue to progress year to date 2020. E-com sales continue to be several fold stronger than underlying retail sales and underlying retail sales are good. So again as we give consumers direct access to our products either through e-commerce, through omni channel, they are making the choice for several of Hasbro's brands and our innovative products.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Great. And then, just one final question. On eOne, I know it's early days, but I think there's some businesses there that some would regard as potentially non-strategic. Are there any pieces of the eOne that could be carved out and divested to help you delever your balance sheet a little bit more quickly?
Brian Goldner: Well, right now we're really focused on the -- with the teams on engagement and getting several of our initiatives and their initiatives off into the market. In addition to the pre-school and kids initiatives that they have in market today they are taking on board some of Hasbro IP, as well as they have some new original creations that will come out in the market over the next couple of years. We're very focused on the revenue synergies and also achieving and hopefully going beyond on our cost synergy side on the guidance that we've provided to you. And that in due course we'll take up the question of whether there are opportunities for elements of the business that may not be core strategic. But our focus right now is great momentum as we come together as one team achieving that cost synergies and beginning to stand up the revenue synergies that you'll see impact our business over the next number of years.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ray Stochel: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Are you seeing any changes or you have -- are you implementing any changes as a result of YouTube's children content policy changes, whether it's for unboxings, influencer marketing, how you think about the fan economy or the collectibles market?
Brian Goldner: We're engaged with YouTube to fully understand where those changes will come out. Obviously, we abide by all of the relevant rules not only for YouTube, but for CERO and other governing regulatory bodies and of course, we want to ensure the safety of kids as they view content on the Internet. And so, I'd say that's a an ongoing conversation and we'll probably give you more color over the next few months.
Ray Stochel: Got it. Thanks. And then in terms of the difference between launching some -- launching content on more traditional linear media and feature films. How do you think about measuring and planning for demand for big streaming launches? And then, how are you thinking about any upcoming streaming platform launches and how you might be able to participate?
Brian Goldner: Well, what's been fantastic is the success that the Walt Disney Company has seen with Disney Plus. We're very happy to see the success that they're having, the number of subscribers into the tens of millions. And the engagement with properties like Mandalorian. We believe that that's just the beginning of this next phase of engagement for fans and families around the world and it really portends great things as we look at our efforts with eOne to develop Hasbro IP for multiple platforms to drive storytelling and engagement of our brands. What we've seen across the industry is that the top growth drivers in the traditional toy and game industry are all associated with storytelling as well as engagement across platforms like gaming and other experiences. Just think about in the NERF business alone the impact from Fortnite. And as we've been able to develop innovative line for a Fortnite or as Mandalorian has really captured the imagination of fans, families, kids, just our opportunity there, even beyond the child and some of those products the fact that the Black Series products from the Mandalorian were selling so strongly over the holidays. It all says that people really want to engage with great character and story. It's been our belief all along, that's how we've oriented our company and that's why we'll continue to lead. And also how we're able to engage people in an online and omnichannel e-commerce world, the opportunity to connect content with commerce is incredibly compelling.
Ray Stochel: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bryan Goldberg with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Bryan Goldberg: Thanks. I've got two quick ones. I'm just curious based on your past experiences with Disney, how significant are the home entertainment window releases for intellectual property like a Frozen or Star Wars? In terms of stimulating partner brand sales, if you could walk us through a little more of what you could do to leverage these events, that would be very helpful. And then my second question is related to your comments on the potential of the supply chain disruption that you are seeing from Coronavirus, you called out some priority item you had flagged as making contingency plans for. And I was just wondering if you would be able to update it as to what brands those items associated with? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: I'll take the first one and Deb can walk you through the second question. The answer to the second question. If I step back historically a bit, back in the days where DVDs were the way in which people saw home entertainment. We saw incredible impact from the launch of the DVDs as it came into the home. It engaged the family, engaged kids, who want to view content over and over again. We're really seeing the return of that kind of heyday of home entertainment enjoyment now through streaming services, and through electronic sell through windows, as well as for the DVD business. So home entertainment is back to at its pinnacle of success, in engaging fans and families. The opportunity for kids to see content over and over again, for families to enjoy that content and to also share it with younger siblings, who may or may not have made the trip to the theatre, but certainly can watch the content along with family and friends at home. The fact that more people are watching content at homes through stream services also benefits us, and we're seeing that across our business. So I expect that Home Entertainment will continue to increase in importance. That streaming services will continue to play an important role, and I think an increasingly important role over time as we now connect these great stories with people's desire to engage with brands across multiple platforms. And we're very excited about it. We're entering a next era of consumer and audience engagement.
Deb Thomas: Great. Thanks, Brian. And in the Coronavirus, you know as we look at it our thoughts are obviously with the people impacted by the outbreak, and includes our third-party manufacturers and also our employees in China. We've had, and we continue to have office in third party factory closures. And really the biggest unknown right now is how quickly the manufacturing factories can get their production ramp back up given the amount of travel if you think about it when people travel to visit families in Chinese New Year's -- Chinese New Year, they need to travel back. So travel is limited. We know places are still closed. Our employees are working from home. So we have protocols in place with that. So, as we think about how all the efforts, we've made to diversify our manufacturing into different locations still about two thirds of our product overall, our global sourcing is coming from China. So we are looking at it very closely. Right now, the impact is small. The commercial impact is small, there's a bit in China as people couldn't shop during the holidays, but it's small. That being said, our first quarter is typically a lower revenue quarter for us. So the longer it -- it lasts, that the outbreak isn't contained, and people can't travel back and start production up again. There could be an impact on our first quarter, but for the full year, we remain optimistic that we'll be able to catch up over the full year and we'll continue to add color to the impact as we look through. There is no one particular brand that we would call out on that. We are prioritizing what needs to be done quickly, and moved here quickly as well.
Bryan Goldberg: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob. And thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. As we mentioned, we're hosting our annual Toy Fair investor event on Friday, February 21st, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Hasbro's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you've any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today’s call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question and answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our annual report on form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro team is making progress to accomplish our stated goal of returning to profitable growth this year in an environment where the trade conflict is having the short-term impact we have outlined throughout the year to our stakeholders. We are delivering innovation and creativity globally in gaming, across our Toy business and around the Brand Blueprint as we operate during a very dynamic quarter, and year. We are actively developing our brands for success in analog and digital play and entertainment while investing for long-term profitable growth, including the September 26 launch of MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena, our investments in Wizards gaming beyond Arena, and our announced plans to acquire Entertainment One. We are doing this amid a very choppy environment where retailer order patterns have changed in response to potential tariffs, and our supply chain is being pushed to meet high levels of demand in condensed periods of time. We view these dynamic supply chain challenges as short-term, and we are positioning our business for growth in 2019 and over the long-term. Overall revenues in the quarter grew 2% absent foreign exchange. Revenues were up in Asia and Latin America, including double-digit growth in China and Mexico. Europe remains on track with our plan to stabilize revenues and grow profit this year. Global point-of-sale declined in the mid-single digits for the quarter, showing declines in July and August with improving trends in September and growth into October. Online point-of-sale continues to grow rapidly. We are the leading toy and game company year-to-date through August, across the G11 markets, according to NPD. We posted revenue gains in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, where only a small percentage of our sales is captured by NPD data, and we generated 20% revenue growth in the Entertainment, Licensing and Digital segment. In the U.S., however, the threat and implementation of tariffs negatively impacted our quarterly results. For the third quarter, U.S. point-of-sale declined slightly, and retailers continued to lower inventory. With many of our holiday initiatives launching in early fourth quarter point-of-sale has improved in recent weeks and is up to start the quarter. As you recall, since the administration began discussing tariffs, we have outlined the ripple effect they would have on our business. We've spoken about the changing order patterns in the U.S., whether or not tariffs are ultimately enacted. In the third quarter, the threat of, and the implementation of tariffs in certain instances, impacted our shipments, and our ability to fully meet demand. Importantly, during Q3 alone we saw multiple different dates for the enactment of List 4 tariffs come and be delayed, now scheduled for December 15 and yet the prospect had our retailers cancel major direct import program orders and rewrite many of those orders as domestic shipments. The impact of the shift was that July and August total shipments were lower and September shipments were far higher than a year ago. However, given the location of our inventory in Asia to satisfy direct import orders during July and August, we ultimately were unable to re-plan the orders and rewrite all of the orders from direct import to domestic orders all within the quarter. We were also unable to ship all the orders, many of which came late in September, by the end of the quarter. Our supply chain team worked to rapidly respond as our domestic shipments increased to 59% of orders this year versus 51% of the U.S. and Canada segment this quarter last year. We prioritized critically important launches like STAR WARS Triple Force Friday, Frozen 2, and NERF Ultra, all of which are off to very strong starts in line with, or ahead of our plans. To meet demand, we added air freight and shifted warehousing at an incremental expense to ensure shelves were stocked as the promotion builds for these initiatives. We are working to catch up in the first weeks of the fourth quarter and, while early, we are seeing strong consumer demand for these new initiatives. We are working diligently to improve our approach to domestic shipments, and still face the prospect of more direct import cancellations and shifts to domestic orders as the December 15 List 4 date approaches for most of our product lines. We've built a domestic supply chain that, like much of our approach to product manufacturing and distribution, is asset light. We have historically used a balance of customers' shipments and our own domestic shipments through third-party suppliers to manage our costs and make our supply chain most effective and cost efficient. In this current environment, we've been transitioning and redesigning our U.S. supply chain at pace. In addition, while the December 15 action will hit the majority of our products, List 3 tariffs enacted in September impacted some of our games during the third quarter. The direct import orders for these items were cancelled and we worked to get supporting domestic orders while also adjusting pricing to cover the tariff's impact and protect our gross margin. As we have discussed previously, and experienced in both the second and third quarter, if we take no action the planned December 15 tariffs will curtail direct import shipments by retailers as they want product arriving on or after the 15th to be imported by Hasbro and demand fulfilled in the U.S. The team is working on programs to help mitigate this impact as well as the impact on our consumers this holiday season, but we anticipate continued potential disruption in the fourth quarter. Our teams are actively moving our strategic sourcing footprint and are on track to achieve our target of sourcing 50% for the U.S. out of China by year-end 2020. We are having good success identifying and building products in geographies including Vietnam, India, and others. Importantly, as a reminder, we are also sourcing 20% of our U.S. business from the U.S. At the same time, as online retail grows rapidly and the mix of retailers evolves, retailers continue managing their business to carry lower retail inventories. U.S. retail inventories declined in the quarter mid-single-digits and European inventories were down more than 20% to meet the just in time needs of retailers, and we anticipate inventories will remain lower through the fourth quarter. We have many new product lines launching in Q4 and more dynamic advertising support driving our innovative products and we are already seeing momentum in POS, and yet, we will likely not recapture all the revenues associated with canceled direct import orders in the third and fourth quarter. We have partnered with retailers to grow demand in a holiday season that has six fewer shopping days than last year. During the third quarter, global retailers championed Hasbro's lines for Frozen Fan Fest and STAR WARS Triple Force Friday in support of the October 4th merchandising date. Partner Brand revenues increased 40% behind growth in these initiatives as well as Marvel product lines, including the Avengers and Spider-Man franchises, which continue to perform well. The highly anticipated Disney's Frozen 2 is set to debut in many markets on late November. Hasbro is supporting this huge initiative with a complete line of fashion dolls, small dolls and playsets, including an iconic fashion doll castle which is already outselling our expectations. STAR WARS Triple Force Friday featured meaningful pre-order activations tied to product reveals and launch initiatives planned by online retailers. We also created limited editions of some of our most popular fan items to drive foot traffic to retail on opening weekend. Key retailers featured out of aisle placement of product and plan to continue to ramp support of the line as we move closer to the holidays. We see the power of storytelling in our brands. TRANSFORMERS revenues were up on Bumblebee film-related revenue. Point-of-sale increased in the U.S. and revenues are up year-to-date, although shipments declined in the quarter with no feature film this year. POWER RANGERS is off to a great start in the U.S. and several countries garnering high ratings for our new series and we're seeing early sales momentum. Throughout nearly 10 years of storytelling, MY LITTLE PONY grew into a global lifestyle franchise with billions in retail sales. The series finale of Friendship is Magic aired earlier this month. While revenue has declined as this story line comes to an end, we see the potential to once again reimagine the brand and are investing in content and innovation. In partnership with Paramount, we are developing a MY LITTLE PONY animated feature for 2021. We will seize upon our opportunity to leverage the talent we expect to onboard with the close of the acquisition of Entertainment One to chart the next great stories for Hasbro IP for kids, fans, and families around the world. Storytelling also sits at the heart of MAGIC: THE GATHERING where the team delivered another quarter of revenue growth including the launch of Thrones of Eldraine and the live launch of MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena in late September. As part of Arena’s launch, we are expanding marketing and promotional activity to reach new potential players. The game will be available at the Epic games storefront, connecting with a sizable global gaming audience in 2020 and beyond. Given the shift in release timing, the fourth quarter will be a difficult comparison with last year for MAGIC, but we have delivered meaningful growth in the franchise in 2019 and are investing in new digital games and entertainment for future years. This also includes new gaming investments for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS which again grew revenues this quarter. The team at Wizards of the Coast continues to do tremendous work advancing our capabilities and delivering exceptional experiences to our growing player and audience base. Through both in-house development and with partners, the Wizards of the Coast team has close to a dozen games in development for delivery over the next five to six years. This includes Baldur’s Gate 3, a highly anticipated DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game we recently announced with our partner Larian. Finally, the NERF team is delivering new innovation and experiences. While revenue and point-of-sale has not yet turned around this year, point-of-sale is improving following the global launch of Alpha Strike in August and the U.S. launch of Ultra in October. According to NPD, the category is down through August in the G9, but NERF is gaining share, or was flat, every month since March, in part through the strength of our Fortnite line, where we are delivering more innovation this holiday, and in the under $20 dollar segment with the recent launch of Alpha Strike, where we are also gaining share. Throughout the rest of this year you will see strong media support behind our key initiatives as well as more social media content. In early October, in partnership with Kingsmen Creatives, we opened the world's first Nerf Action Xperience located in Singapore. The arena is designed to promote active play, which is the essence of NERF. In the U.S. we are partnering with Kilburn Live on a new entertainment touring event, NERF Challenge. This all new attraction is debuting in Los Angeles at L.A. Live starting early December and brings the competitive fun of the NERF brand into an action-packed play experience. In summary, we are continuing to make meaningful progress in a rapidly changing retail environment. Our team is redesigning our go to market efforts as the market shifts. We entered the fourth quarter with the initiatives to drive our business and look forward to 2020 and beyond as we bring more Hasbro owned story-led IP and gaming initiatives to global audiences, gamers and consumers. I’ll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. As the year progresses, our global teams continue to manage through a dynamic global trade and retail environment. We anticipate this continues throughout 2019 as retailers work to manage inventory, and we are working to mitigate the impact on consumers this holiday season. This disruption is reflected in revenues, expenses, and in our underlying tax rate. However, within this environment, our teams are delivering an innovative slate across demographics and categories, including in digital gaming that we are supporting with robust marketing programs and continued investment in future gaming initiatives. We are delivering on the goals we set for the year of stabilizing Europe, launching MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena and continuing to grow points of distribution. Our financial position is strong and we ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Revenues are up slightly over a year ago and include a negative impact from foreign exchange of $20.5 million. Absent this impact, revenues grew 2%. If currency rates stay at similar levels to the end of Q3, we expect a similar negative impact of foreign exchange translation in the fourth quarter when compared with the fourth quarter of last year. The brand mix within revenue also had an impact on our expenses for the quarter, in addition to the impact on our supply chain from changing retailer shipping patterns. This resulted in operating profit margin of 18.9% for the quarter compared to 20% a year ago. Within our segments, U.S. and Canada segment revenues declined 1.5%. Franchise Brand and Hasbro Gaming revenues declined in the quarter, while Partner Brand and Emerging Brand revenues grew. As Brian discussed earlier, the U.S. business was impacted by retailer cancelation of direct import orders in the quarter, and some of those orders were not re-written during the period. This had a particular impact on Hasbro Gaming, and represented most of the decline in the category for the quarter. In franchise brands, MAGIC and MONOPOLY grew, with the remaining brands decline more than offsetting this growth. The largest decline in franchise brands was in NERF, as we positioned the brand for new innovation launching in North America early in the fourth quarter and globally thereafter. In order to ensure we had inventory available domestically to meet on shelf dates for Frozen 2 and STAR WARS, we also prioritized our Partner Brands through our supply chain. In addition to products associated with those two brands, MARVEL properties also continue to perform well. As retailers focus on reducing inventory levels, retail inventory is down. Due to the impact of the brand mix of revenues and the additional costs of warehousing and distribution in the U.S., the U.S. and Canada segment operating profit decreased 13% and operating profit margin was 21.6% compared to 24.5% a year ago. Favorable cost of sales was more than offset by higher royalty expense, freight, and warehousing costs, as well as intangible amortization associated with POWER RANGERS, which began selling in the segment in Q2 of this year. International segment revenues were flat to a year ago including a negative $19.9 million impact from foreign exchange. Revenue declined in Europe and grew in Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, segment revenues grew 4%. At constant FX rates, revenue in Europe was flat to a year ago, Latin America revenue increased 9%, and Asia-Pacific revenue increased 10%. Within the segment, Partner and Emerging Brand revenues increased, while Franchise Brands and Hasbro Gaming categories declined. International operating segment profit increased 1% to $67.2 million. Flat revenues and lower cost of sales were somewhat offset by increased royalty expense and intangible amortization. Entertainment, Licensing and Digital segment revenues increased $19 million or 20% compared to the third quarter a year ago. Revenue growth was driven by MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena and TRANSFORMERS: Bumblebee revenues. Operating profit decreased to $24.6 million or 21.2% of net revenues, versus $37.1 million, or 38.3% of net revenues in 2018. The decline in operating profit was due to several factors. In the third quarter of last year, we signed a multi-year digital streaming agreement for Hasbro television programming. This typically happens every few years, and has a high pass through to operating profit. Additionally, this year, the segment had higher program production expense as we are receiving revenues and therefore amortizing production costs associated with the Bumblebee film. Lastly, we continue to invest in digital gaming initiatives, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena and future digital games. As we have discussed in prior quarters, we increased advertising and marketing expense in support of this launch. In addition, we continue to invest in the teams and development of new digital games we expect to launch in the future. As a reminder when thinking about the fourth quarter, we had a major card set release for MAGIC in the second quarter of this year which occurred in the fourth quarter of last year and we began recognizing our first meaningful revenue associated with Arena last year in the fourth quarter. Overall, operating profit for the quarter declined $16.1 million or 5%, to 18.9% of net revenues. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue decreased 195 basis points in the quarter. Favorable product brand mix from higher entertainment driven revenues, such as Frozen 2, MARVEL and STAR WARS, and a greater mix of Entertainment, Licensing and Digital revenues, including Arena, were somewhat offset by higher costs to bring inventory into the U.S. to sell domestically upon cancellation of direct import orders resulting from tariffs concerns. Royalty expense increased in dollars and as a percentage of revenue on higher Partner Brand revenues. Based on our expectations for the full-year, we now anticipate royalties to be approximately 8.5% of revenues. Dependent on the level of shipments associated with Frozen 2 and STAR WARS which occur during the remainder of this year, royalty expense could exceed this amount. Intangible amortization increased in the quarter, and we continue to expect full-year amortization of existing intangibles to be approximately $47 million. Program production amortization increased as we are now receiving revenue and amortizing the costs associated with TRANSFORMERS: Bumblebee. Given the timing of expected revenues, we now expect full-year program production cost amortization to be greater than historical levels but remain under 2% of total net revenues. Given a change in the expected timing of receipts on tax credits, we now expect full-year content spend of approximately $50 million to $60 million. SD&A was up slightly in dollars and 10 basis points as a percentage of revenue over a year ago. Driving the increase are higher shipping and warehousing costs, primarily in the U.S., from higher costs on rerouting shipments to customers initially expected to be taken through direct import. This required moving inventory, into U.S. warehouses to ultimately ship domestically, as well as higher warehousing costs to store domestic U.S. inventory. We also incurred higher costs associated with building our teams as we invest in digital gaming initiatives surrounding our Wizards of the Coast brands. Finally, incentive-based compensation expense is higher than a year ago. These increased costs were largely offset by cost savings being achieved from our 2018 cost savings initiatives. Given the higher distribution and warehousing costs we are experiencing, we anticipate that full-year SD&A could be a similar percentage of revenue compared to adjusted full-year of 2018. As Brian discussed, we continue to believe we will have full-year profitable growth in 2019 and we continue to take the steps to ensure we can grow operating profit margin over time. Below operating profit other income expense decreased in the quarter, due primarily to losses associated with hedging the GBP purchase price for our proposed acquisition of eOne. Absent this $25.5 million loss, other income improved approximately $5.6 million. After taxes, this loss negatively impacted net earnings by $20.9 million, or $0.16 per share. Our underlying tax rate, absent discrete events, was 18.2%, compared to an underlying rate of 17.6% last year. During the third quarter of 2018, we also recorded a $17.3 million tax benefit, or $0.14 per share, related to our interpretation of U.S. tax reform guidance that was released during that quarter. Based on the shifting mix of our business, primarily in the U.S., we believe the full-year tax rate will trend to the middle to high-end of our guided 17.5% to 19% range and could potentially go slightly above the high-end due to our customers' and our own responses to potential tariffs. For the third quarter, reported earnings per share was $1.67. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding the $0.16 FX hedging loss, was $1.84. Operating cash flow over the past 12 months totaled $860.8 million and we had $1.1 billion in cash at the end of the quarter. During the third quarter we returned $87.4 million to shareholders, including $85.9 million in dividends and we repurchased $1.5 million in common stock. Year-to-date repurchases total $60.1 million. As a result of our planned acquisition of eOne, which Brian will speak more to in a moment; we anticipate suspending our share repurchase program as we focus our cash flows on reducing leverage arising in the transaction. Hasbro's balance sheet remains strong. Both our debt to EBITDA and EBITDA to interest ratios at 2.0 and 9.8, respectively, remain within our targets. Receivables increased 2% and days sales outstanding were 82 days. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, receivables increased 4% in part due to the shift away from U.S. retailers use of direct import orders. Hasbro owned inventory decreased $21.8 million, or 4%, most significantly in Europe and Latin America. This decrease was partially offset by growth in U.S. and Canada owned inventory as we have previously discussed. Absent the impact of FX, inventory decreased 1%. Retail inventories declined in the U.S. and internationally, notably in Europe. In a rapidly changing retail environment, and an uncertain trade situation, we are addressing these changes and adjusting our business on a real time basis. At the same time, we are investing to strengthen our brands and expand our revenue and profit drivers through investments in digital gaming and in entertainment. We are delivering innovation across the portfolio, working with new retailers and introducing new ways to experience our brands, all positioning us to profitably grow in 2019 and going forward. I would now like to turn the call back to Brian to give an update on the eOne acquisition.
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Deb. Before we take your questions, I want to update you on the progress of our acquisition of Entertainment One. Last week, the shareholders of eOne overwhelmingly approved the acquisition. We are delighted with their support. We have received regulatory approvals in two of the four jurisdictions where it is required, the U.S. and Germany, with Canada and the UK outstanding. We continue to expect to close the transaction during the fourth quarter. We also continue to expect to finance the transaction with the proceeds of debt financing at approximately $1 billion to $1.25 billion in cash from equity financing. The strategic opportunity to bring onboard the brands, capabilities and talent from eOne is compelling to our long-term prospects as a leading global play and entertainment company and we look forward to sharing more about our plans after the close. Deb and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. And our first question is coming from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Steph Wissink: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Brian, I wanted to just follow-up on your comments regarding shipment timing, because that seems to be the gap to everyone's expectations today. Can you walk us through an illustration of what you observed in your quarter, it sounds like the quarter was extremely backend weighted, should we assume that the fourth quarter is also going to be frontend weighted then as you catch up on some of the outstanding shipments to meet demand? So that's kind of framework for one question. And then I'm wondering if you can just help us appreciate within your supply chain, where are the greatest constraints, is it in getting goods into the U.S. meaning shipper or container capacity and getting things through the port, which is why you were forced to air freight? Or is it more on the 3PL warehouse and logistics side just getting access to enough space to hold the inventory and to sell domestic? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Well, thanks. Thanks for the question. Let me try to summarize in a couple of ways because you're right, in an environment like this one, without the trade conflict, our growth in the quarter could have been more consistent with our year-to-date results. There are a number of regions and brands that grew revenues and our overall revenue was impacted by the disruption that was caused by the threatened implementation of tariffs. We do use this asset light model that relies on the balance of our domestic shipments coming from a 3PL supplier provider, and then our customers direct import orders. So let me give you an example as you ask. A retailer would place an order let's say in August for direct import, so sales and product ownership, the transfers that would occur in Asia. Then when the tariff is announced for goods arriving after September 1, they cancel that order, and they shift it to a domestic order where they take ownership in the U.S. This happened multiple times in the quarter as the rolling tariffs or potentiality of enactment of tariffs. As a result, we needed to rewrite the order from a domestic or a direct import order to a domestic order, as they have different terms, and then we need to ensure that the inventory is available in the U.S. because of the original order required inventory in Asia. And then we need to fulfill the order in the United States. So given those number of shifts and nearly 10 percentage point increase of domestic orders as a percent of U.S. and Canada in the third quarter, we didn't meet all the demand during the quarter. So the impact of the shift was that July and August total shipments were lower and September shipments were far higher than a year-ago. We believe that we could meet all the demand in September, but the really the timing of new orders in many in instances was just too late. We did incur some incremental shipping and warehousing expense including some air freight, which also impacted our margin. We've been catching up in the fourth quarter. But we also are still looking at a potential December 15 date for the enactment of tariffs. The team is working in real time to come up with and we have new plans around ways to in 2020 and beyond deal with the balance between our domestic shipments and our direct import shipments. But we've been working to redesign in real time, our domestic shipping plan. And we really have a number of new initiatives coming for the fourth quarter we're very excited about a lots of new innovation we've seen early results in NERF Ultra. We're seeing the early results on Disney's Frozen 2 and on STAR WARS and a raft of other brand initiatives. But the results in Q3 were primarily related to the timing of the potential enactment of tariffs. And the way we've gone to market historically.
Steph Wissink: Brian, should we model your own brands and to improve as a rate in the fourth quarter, I'm just trying to make sure I'm understanding what you're saying because it sounds like you prioritize franchise which makes sense. But should we assume that the rate of decline in your own brands in the Q3 will get much worse or will get better in Q4?
Brian Goldner: Yes, the two brands -- the two brand areas that were most impacted by the direct imports first, Deb noted is that our games business was directly impacted. And remember, some of our games were actually tariffs as part of List 3 tariff. So we're now in a tariff environment on those games. We took pricing in the quarter to offset the impact of those tariffs and those direct import shipments were impacted. The brand that's most associated with direct import and remember Q3 is our highest quarter for direct imports is the NERF brand. So that clearly was a brand that was impacted. Having said that, if you look at our overall brands, we did note that in the fourth quarter, we do have a tough comparison on MAGIC. MAGIC has grown substantially throughout the year. In fact, our plan to grow MAGIC over the next five years is really well underway. And yet in the fourth quarter, we have some tough comps versus a year-ago where we had a major card release. So I think overall, we have a lot of brand initiatives around Hasbro's brands. We have a lot of new innovation coming into the market. We have a very big fourth quarter lined up for our partners between Disney's Frozen, STAR WARS, and the continuation in the strength of Marvel. And so I'd say it's a bit more of a balance, but we also noted that we probably have a bit higher royalties in the fourth quarter as well. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Ng: Hi, thanks for the question. I just want to talk a little bit about the moving parts around royalty expenses. I think you guys said that in the shift to the direct import program, you were prioritizing partner brands like STAR WARS and Frozen this year. So as we think about 2020, should we expect a decline in royalty expense as the mix of partner brands normalize? And could you give us a sense of what you expect the mix of partner brands to be this year? Thanks.
Deb Thomas: Yes, I think that, good morning, Michael. The -- as we look to 2020 while we usually give guidance about the upcoming year at Toy Fair and we will do so again, really the strength of our partner brands that we're seeing right now at Retail, with Frozen 2 and STAR WARS just coming out and launching initially with mostly the fan base in STAR WARS coming out on October 4, for Triple Force Friday, very exciting. We see that as we've previously spoken about really continuing into 2020. So in a year where we have major movie releases coming so late in the year, we tend to see the benefit of that continuing into the next year. And I think we continue to believe that as we sit here today, as well as being excited about things, like, the Marvel Properties coming next year and our own Snake Eyes, as well as some other properties that we have coming from an entertainment standpoint. So as I sit here today, I would think our royalty expense might be a bit higher than it's been historically. But perhaps you're seeing the impact of much of it coming late in the year, this year. When we look to our own brands for 2020, we're very excited about those as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Just to circle back to the what seems like the primary focus here the tariffs and direct import dynamic. Granted, that won't fully anniversary to a degree until Q3 next year. But given things that kick in December and how you're scrambling and doing the best you can obviously under difficult circumstances here. Do you see that adjusting by Q1 or Q2? I guess is question number one. And then on the Canadian and UK approval, I know you're anticipating closer here the deal in Q4, but any update on timing of that, Brian? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Look, we expect to still close eOne deal in Q4 of this year. And that's the timing we have two of the four regulatory authorities having approved and we're very happy to have the shareholder vote and support and behind us. As we look at the business going forward, we feel like we have a number of strong initiatives coming into the fourth quarter this year. We have been addressing our supply chain and the balance between the DI and our domestic shipments. As we go forward, the team is already working with our retailers on new ways, new techniques, and new programs that we can get a great balance using our asset light model, but picking up on new ways to bring product into the U.S. using the strength of our biggest retailers who tend to also be our biggest direct importers and then continue to drive our business with our own domestic shipments, so finding that balance. I would expect in early 2020, we could get back to that balance and also recognize that we would like to see the tariff environment abate and to mitigate. And we would hope to continue great dialogue with the administration to see that occur. We continue to lead our strategic sourcing footprint outside of China to be below 50% at year-end 2020 and we will continue to source in great other geographies like Vietnam and India. And so again, it's a dynamic environment. But the underlying strength of our business is apparent. The underlying strength of our brands is -- is being presented to our customers and our consumers. We have great partner brands as well as own franchise brands and gaming initiatives and it's been obfuscated by this tariff environment.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Deb, can you remind us what your expectations are for ad spend during the year. I think the original guidance was around 10% and as net revenue and the rate of growth has been a little bit slower relative to our model, given some of the initiatives you guys outlined at the beginning of the year. So just looking for an update there? And then, Brian, can you remind us its importance to MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MAGIC: THE Arena is that an important markets for the King. Thanks.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, let me take the advertising questions. And if you don't mind, Brian first, Drew we do continue to expect our advertising kind of in line with our initial guidance and just under -- just as around that 10%, or, just under that that 10% range, and much of that was, as we said, kind of gearing we had some specific expense gearing up around the launch of MAGIC. So it launched very late in the quarter and you'll continue to see us advertising and marketing heavily around that in the fourth quarter now that we're in open launch.
Drew Crum: Okay, got it.
Brian Goldner: Yes. And then if you look at Wizards overall in our strategy, we said that we believe we could double the size of the Wizards of the Coast business over the next five years, as we've accomplished over the past five years. And this year's growth puts us on pace to achieve this objective. And yet, the storytelling cadence of the card releases has it's up against the tough comparison from last year's fourth quarter. Both analog and digital are performing very strongly. And then we're also working on person, first-party and third-party games and they're progressing really well. In 2020, we're going to have several new games to talk about with you. As we look at the TCG, we're seeing growth in unique players. We're also seeing growth in games played. As we get into Q1 of 2020, there's a new gathering and new card release that returns to Theros which is a fan favorite, and a launch of a new standard legal set called Theros Beyond Death. So we're excited about the card games that gets back up and pace -- on pace for first quarter 2020. As we look at MAGIC Arena, we ended the Open Beta with over 1.5 billion games played, with the game seeing significant year-over-year growth in every quarter since the start of our closed beta in December of 2017. Our streaming growth is up over 100% with over 65,000 streamers streaming the game in Open Beta. We're one of the best reviewed Free to Play Games released in 2019. And it's very exciting to see a Metacritic score of 82 which is really on par with some of the best games in the industry. The launch weekend saw the game featured in the top 10 games streamed on Twitch. And again we've had and want to thank no more than three-and-a-half million participants that have been in our beta for making Arena really the most successful MAGIC digital game in the 25-year history. So we're really well on our way, we also have making progress to be on the Epic Games storefront for 2020 and we'll expand our audience. We're developing a Mac OS version of the game, but we're also making progress with our mobile MAGIC game that's currently in test market and we'll have more news for you on that shortly into 2020. So, again, we feel very good about the portfolio of games that we're bringing for the Wizards of the Coast brands and for MAGIC: THE GATHERING.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey, good morning. So List 4-301 I think it was announced back in May. So we knew this impact was coming on our last call in July. The conversation here sounds a little bit like there's you were caught off guard a little bit in some regards. So what changed since we talked about this in July? What's different from how you're originally planning and what's going on right now?
Brian Goldner: Yes, the three different communications also happened during the third quarter because the tariffs continue to get push back throughout the third quarter. And there were different proclamations around where the tariffs would occur. So the teams continue to gear up recognize that you're talking about in the third quarter, a year ago, about 50% of our sales were direct imports. So it's a big business for us in the third quarter, and we use that balance between that in our 3PL supply in the U.S. for domestic. Given it continued to get pushed back, we were canceling orders in Asia, moving the inventory to the U.S. And the biggest difference versus our expectations for the quarter was what went on in September, and that we were unable to get all the products domestically through our supply chain, with the DI orders having come down or being cancelled. And that's really the difference maker of the quarter. And as we head into Q4, we obviously prioritized around the earliest launches, and we have product in market, we're seeing really good results. But it was just the fact that we were short of either getting matched inventory, meaning inventory that comes in from Asia that's now available domestically that we can then put to a domestic retailer in time to meet an order or the actual domestic supply chain.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, okay, that makes sense. But you mentioned that some orders were cancelled or not rewritten. So what are those products and what was not rewritten of the orders that were cancelled?
Brian Goldner: Yes, Deb talked a bit about it, there was and as you recall, there's a List 3. Some of our games that are more off the board games were part of List 3. So the tariffs were enacted, those DI orders were cancelled. And then we began to get some additional supporting orders for those games, but it came much later to come into the fourth quarter a bit. But we also had to take pricing across a number of dimensions to again support our gross margin around those games. As we said, we would, once the tariffs were enacted on certain products that are in our portfolio. So that was a process that went on for during Q3 as well.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Thank you very much. So as retailers' right size their direct import programs and also given the need that Hasbro need to hold more inventory into Q4. Also we have Entertainment's plate rich Q4, I'm trying to understand why inventory is down on balance sheet entering the quarter?
Deb Thomas: Hey Arpiné, it’s Deb. I'll take that. It's actually, so there is a couple of things. We've been working hard on reducing inventory in several locations. And it's -- we haven't actually talked about the fact that we have stabilized our European business actually and our international business was up in the quarter absent FX. So FX is the -- is a big factor of why inventory is down. So as we think about it, it is up in the U.S. as we moved more inventory here domestically in order to be able to ship what we need to ship domestically versus direct import with what we're seeing in these trends now that we've been talking about, but it is down in our European business primarily and also in Latin America, it's up a little bit in Asia, just because where our business is growing there. But FX is probably the biggest reason why it's down overall.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Okay. And then quick follow-up with Brian, I know it's still early on. But are there potentially parts of the eOne business that Hasbro could opportunistically divest over time, if you look at the business today?
Brian Goldner: We're very excited about bringing on board the brands, the capabilities and the personnel. And we are actively meeting one another and beginning to share what each business is all about. And I'd say, we'd like to close on our deal. And then we'll begin to look in earnest about the strongest and best and biggest growth drivers. But it's very exciting to look at the prospects of the two companies together and how we can continue to drive even more of our owned IP to drive value for our shareholder across multiple dimensions of the Brand Blueprint. And we have a number of great brand initiatives coming this year for the holidays and we feel like in the future we'll have even more owned IP in the marketplace that will support our toys, games, and consumer products business as well as location based entertainment. So we'll close the deal and then we'll be able to give you a broader perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Linda Bolton Weiser with D.A. Davison. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Hi, so, could you talk about the price increases you did take already and if you are sensing any in the data, any kind of demand reduction in terms of volume demand by consumers in reaction to the pricing? And also can you comment on the different comments that the retailers have been making with regard to pricing related to the tariffs because I think Walmart has been openly saying that consumers are going to face higher prices, whereas Target actually said that they're not going to accept any more price increases related to tariffs. So can you talk about the whole-- the whole pricing situation? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, the tariffs have been enacted now on List 3 products, which includes some of our games, and I would focus you again on kind of face-to-face games that are kind of non-traditional board games like games like Bop-It. And what we've done is looked at a portfolio approach to pricing. So we really look across our portfolio of games, we have many new games launching. And again, we're looking at critical price points. We're looking at demand and price elasticity, spending a lot of time to ensure the consumer gets the great games that they want, that they're able to participate fully in the broad array of our games and portfolio of our games. And so being thoughtful about how we take pricing, but we are taking pricing to protect our gross margin. Thus far we have communicated the intention to take pricing on List 3 and have on List 4, we are actively communicating but if the December 15 tariffs were to go into effect, we would take pricing to again protect our gross margin and those price increases would be passed along to consumers. And, again, we'll use a combination of product and portfolio approach to get pricing for our products ensure we still hit critical price points, and really trying to give the consumer a great holiday. We don't see tariffs being enacted two weeks before Christmas is giving the consumer the optimal holiday season. And we're hoping through engaged dialogue with the administration that we can mitigate any impact and/or preclude that from happening.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Thanks. And then if I could have a second question. You talked about your difficulty in getting the product over here to be able to fulfill the domestic orders, but yet, end demand for the toys will or will not be there Christmas, we're assuming it will be there because you have strong popular product. So is the supply chain constraint, just something that pushes over demand fulfillment into the first quarter or early part of 2020 such that consumers will still want the product and you make it carry over demand into the early part of the year. Is that something that's possible?
Brian Goldner: Well, I think you've hit on something really important as we think about some of the initiatives that are launching in Q4. Let's just take three, three initiatives. You look at Disney's Frozen 2, STAR WARS and NERF Ultra. These are three initiatives that we absolutely believe will have even more impact in 2020 than they'll have in 2019. So we're very excited about the launch. We're very excited about what's been happening since October 4 in the marketplace. We're seeing very strong demand for each of those initiatives. And yet, will satisfy even more demand coming through the holidays as millions and millions of people around the world get to enjoy that entertainment or get to begin to enjoy NERF Ultra. Right now, Ultra is only in the U.S. is a launch and we wish we had even more product and are racing to get product out to more markets around the world. We're already seeing that several of our products are in hot demand and are selling incredibly well. Our Frozen Castle is a great hot seller. And again, it's selling ahead of our demand. And so you're right, there'll be a big impact into 2020. We have a lot of new initiatives coming in 2020 and a number of other new entertainment initiatives as well as brand initiatives. Year-to-date, we have four brands that are up, MONOPOLY, MAGIC, TRANSFORMERS, and PLAY-DOH. So we do have brands that are selling quite well, we had some puts and takes in the third quarter. Many of those elements or issues were related to the just the supplying of product that we've talked about. We do view this tariff environment as short-term in nature and certainly disruptive. But we also view 2020 -- 2019 holiday and 2020 as an opportunity to grow our business. We have great initiatives, great marketing, and teams on the field who are actively redesigning our path to the marketplace. And we believe we'll be in a very good position coming into 2020.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Fred Wightman: Hey guys, good morning. It’s actually Fred Wightman on for Greg. I think it'd be really helpful just given all the noise from a timing and a tariff perspective. How should we think about potentially getting back to those 2017 revenue and operating targets next year? Is that something that's still on the table? Or is sort of everything that you're seeing in the market today change that target?
Brian Goldner: I think that in many ways, we continue to track towards that idea. We said that if things few things broke right 2020 could look like 2017. Obviously, the tariff and tariff environment has created some short-term disruption to our growth trajectory. But if you look year-to-date having grown 5% absent FX, that's that mid-single-digit growth, we've talked to you about getting back on track remembering that we were just coming through Toys R Us. We certainly are seeing the acceleration in our gaming business particularly in Wizards of the Coast, we have a number of new initiatives coming for 2020 and yet, in overall, we saw that in September, overall retail sales were down a bit. So we just feel that we have what it takes to be successful for the long-term. We believe that we will be back on track with the kind of growth trajectory we created from 2012 to 2017 that 5% CAGR in revenues and double-digit net earnings CAGR that we can get back there. And that given some of these short-term issues, 2020 is possible and we just need, as we've said, from the very beginning, a few things to break right for us in order to accomplish that objective.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for the question. Brian, I wondered, if you could talk a little bit about the fundamentals of eOne, when eOne reached the end of its last fiscal year, you talked about for its, the family -- the family kids business, they expected to see strong revenue and EBITDA growth in its current fiscal year fiscal 2020. The company has in recent weeks come out with Q1 statement and the first half of the year statement saying revenue in that segment is flat year-over-year and margins have contracted a little bit. So wonder if you could provide some perspective of first, is that business -- was that business always expected to be backend weighted. Has anything changed in with the core of that business and what's in and what you expected to see when you first took a look at the books?
Brian Goldner: Yes, we feel very good about multiple aspects of the eOne business, the family and brands business clearly, there's a perennial star in Tampa and we feel that together the teams can do even a better job into the future as we take on more of the toys and games business as they continue to reinvent, reimagine the storytelling. And we do more of the licensing in-house. We see an opportunity again with PJ Masks as it goes forward. Ricky Zoom is just getting launched around the world. And so again, that's a very, very exciting new prospect; they have a number of new original IPs in development that they intend to launch. And then they -- also when they recently spoke, they were not full-year results, so not all the interim periods were the same. So I think that that was just to try to get some correspondence or communication out to shareholders in advance of our potential close in Q4 this year.
Eric Handler: Okay, so overall, for you nothing is at least on the near-term perspective. I fully understand the long-term perspective, the long-term view, but nothing has changed at least on the near term, fundamental basis with them?
Brian Goldner: No, not at all. No, we feel very enthusiastic about coming together with eOne.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raymond Stochel with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
Raymond Stochel: Great, thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about NERF innovation both out the strike and Ultra as far as the timing, just an update on the timing there? And then where do you think you're trending for year-end for NERF overall within hopefully the context of what you're seeing this holiday in terms of competition?
Brian Goldner: Yes, so overall, for NERF the team has brought forward a lot of new innovation and in the fourth quarter will have 10 new blasters across the NERF business, so they brought a lot of new innovation to the business and into the category. Clearly Fortnite has been a strong performer and yet they have new innovation coming now, there's new form factors also coming within the Fortnite part of the business. We've seen our share of growth for NERF overall, we've seen our share in under $20 grow with Alpha Strike. And we're now with the launch of Ultra in the U.S. seeing U.S. POS up for the first time in several quarters. So we believe we're on the right track as we get more innovation at volume, at scale, to not only grow the NERF business, but once again grow the category as we've been the leader in really inventing and reinventing this category over time. As we get into 2020, there's a number of new innovations that are coming clearly Ultra scale gets out to more countries globally. We have new innovations coming across other platforms for NERF. And we're also bringing that experiential part of NERF to bear around the world between our agents, first location based experience and then something here in the United States that I spoke to. So again feel very good about NERF in the long-term prospects. Obviously, some interruption of that in the quarter because of the way a lot of NERF direct import business gets done. But where we have new innovation, we are seeing the growth in POS and very happy NERF Nation where we bring the product to the market.
Raymond Stochel: Got it, thanks. And then a follow-up would be on some incremental details around guidance. So, royalties, sort of at least higher than what we were contemplating could be different maybe than what you all were contemplating or what Street was contemplating. And also SG&A sort of flat as a percent of sales. So are those two things driven by I guess royalties, one higher partner brands, brand sales, and we may have thought prior in SG&A such as the incremental warehousing and supply chain? Or are we having an issue on both of those line items, which is just lower overall expected revenues? And maybe we had been thinking prior for the full-year?
Deb Thomas: I think on the royalties, we wanted to make sure we put that new guidance out there because it actually is exceeding our guidance that we've previously provided. And that has to do with the way the mix of our partner brands are playing out with our franchise brands and frankly exceeding our originally expected demand from what we're seeing right now. So that's really royalties. And that's why we wanted to update you when we know we saw this trend developing. From an SG&A standpoint, we are getting the cost savings that we anticipated, we still expect that we'll get the $50 million in cost savings, just being masked a bit by higher shipping and warehousing costs and also within that line a big piece of that is the investment we're making in growing our Wizards of the Coast brands as we think about adding the teams to do the game development, you've got some amortization of previously capitalized games that are going through that admin line. So you're seeing that there this year, we really think it's primarily that that shipping in warehousing that's impacting us. And that's hitting -- that’s hitting that line that that will keep the comps about the same to adjusted SG&A because we had some unusual charges that went through that line item last year as well. So overall, we're getting the cost savings, we believe we'll get the cost savings next year, we need to work on these factors that are hitting us in the quarter. But we continue to work to reduce costs in that line, but make the appropriate investments to keep investing in our future because as Brian said, our goal has been to grow the Wizards of the Coast brands, we think we can double them like we did in the last five years and the next five and that just requires investments. So we won't take our foot off the gas on those investments and we'll continue looking at different ways to save money to pay for those investments as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Thank you so much for the question. First I would just like to ask about, how you're thinking about the importance of trying to maintain access to your two commercial paper market as you consider the funding mix for eOne. And then just as a follow-up, again, on the funding mix, are you considering also incorporating any sort of Sterling or even Euro borrowings in addition to dollars? Thank you.
Deb Thomas: So good morning, and thanks for asking question. For us, it's a great question. It's important for us to maintain access to the commercial paper markets and we stated it's our intent to be an investment grade company, we think in addition to giving us access to commercial paper and affording us with the appropriate available liquidity to keep investing in our business to grow in the long-term, that's very important to us. So we will prioritize paying down our debt to get back to our leverage targets, two to two-and-a-half times and greater than eight as we look at debt-to-EBITDA and EBITDA to interest. But it is important to us to maintain that. That being said, we did end the quarter with $1 billion of cash on our balance sheet. In the last 12 months, we've generated about $860 million of cash flow. So we do generate a lot of cash. As we look at the transaction, we have hedged a portion of the transaction knowing that we will need pounds to pay it and we saw that running to our P&L this quarter, and we're looking at the various borrowings that we could do to actually pay for the transaction in various currencies as well.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: And no further sort of delineation between how your liquidity needs could be affected, if you were to say, falter Tier 3 CP access versus Tier 2 would that impair your borrowing ability at all?
Deb Thomas: Well, we look at our borrowing ability, it's pretty strong, but it also get -- affords us at the rates we're at, and being an investment grade company and with the ratings we get from our rating agencies, that it is something we can afford go forward while we continue to invest in our business.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the call over to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Robin. Thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you've any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call in the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro team executed another good quarter, including revenue growth of 9% and operating profit gains of 47%. Revenues were up around our blueprint and across multiple regions, including growth in the U.S., Europe and Asia Pacific. Our commitment to creating the world's best play experiences through innovation and storytelling for our consumers, fans and audiences, drove revenue gains of 6% and adjusted operating profit growth of 73% for the first six months of the year. Behind a retro release slate and continued strength in digital gaming, MAGIC: THE GATHERING delivered an outstanding quarter and first half of the year. The War of the Spark set was extremely well received by players across formats, driving robust quarterly growth in tabletop and digital. Player engagement expanded with the global increases in total unique players and new players. This in turn, drove an incremental increase in MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena games played with approximately 400 million played in the quarter and 1.1 billion since the game entered open beta in September of last year. In addition, the Modern Horizon set released during the second quarter exceeded expectations and contributed to higher tabletop revenues during the quarter. This release timing was earlier in 2019 versus last year, when a similar release occurred in the fourth quarter. Importantly, MAGIC's second quarter performance was driven by growing engagement and monetization of tabletop and arena and through special releases like Modern Horizons that are launched once per year, this year in the second quarter. The team also delivered initial shipments of the Core Set 2020 which launched on July 12th in store and on Arena, further contributing to the above planned second quarter. We're also investing to ensure the long-term success of MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Arena, with higher year-over-year spend to drive awareness and engagement and in support of an expanded event schedule. The team hosted a successful Mythic Championship played on Arena in June featuring 68 of the top MAGIC players who competed for a share of the $750,000 prize pool. Later this year, we are running several additional Mythic Championships for Arena and tabletop. We are also increasing our development investment in future digital games and expertise across multiple properties that will come to market over the next several years. This includes new games for MAGIC and for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS which also grew revenues this quarter. At retail, second quarter consumer takeaway was up mid-single-digits excluding Toys“R”Us. This in part reflected the shift of Easter into the second quarter, but we're also seeing overall positive point-of-sale trends. In the U.S. point-of-sale was up double-digits in the second quarter and up slightly through the first half. Global point-of-sale for the first half of the year declined mid single-digits primarily due to Europe. In Europe, POS has picked up in recent weeks, fueled by continued improvement in the underlying business, new initiatives such as NERF Fortnite and growth in Marvel and MONOPOLY. The U.S. team navigated a dynamic trade and inventory environment during the quarter. While no new material tariffs have been enacted on our products, we did incur incremental expenses to prepare for the potentiality of tariffs in the U.S. The team did an exhaustive amount of work and is extremely well prepared for what would be a very challenging and damaging impact if tariffs were implemented. Deb will speak in more detail about the implications. Importantly, following a challenging 2018, we are recapturing share across a broad range of retailers. E-commerce has accelerated substantially, with both omnichannel and pure-play retailers driving revenue and point-of-sale growth significantly above the rest of the business. Last week Hasbro brands delivered strong growth during Amazon's Prime Day event. In Amazon markets around the world, games PLAY-DOH and NERF were among the standout drivers. We're leveraging online and digital to engage directly with consumers, launching two new HasLab projects this month through Hasbro Pulse and delivering innovative new shopping and social media experiences across geographies. This past weekend at San Diego Comic-Con, we had a major show presence that we also shared with fans through social media live from the shelf floor with interviews, behind-the-scenes information, news around upcoming product and preorder launches. Fans could purchase limited edition products on site as well as through Hasbro Pulse and select retailers. Hasbro's investments in brand-driven storytelling uniquely positions us to monetize content to commerce experiences across online platforms. In addition to e-comm growth, new retailers for Hasbro entered the category or expanded their offering over the past year and we are supporting toys and games throughout the year. During the second quarter new channels including value, drug and grocery as well as fan retailers delivered higher revenues for Hasbro brands. Our overall retail inventory declined in the quarter as our mix of retailers and consumer purchasing behavior shift to channels, which carry less weeks of inventory. Omni-channel retailers are moving towards online e-comm best practices for their physical store businesses. Profitability and carrying lower inventories remains a top priority for our global retailers, and we anticipate this will be an increasingly important factor in their purchasing decisions. In Europe, our turnaround is well underway and we delivered growth in both revenue and profit in the quarter. Retail inventory is significantly improved and declined further. Despite ongoing economic uncertainty in the region, the team is successfully executing its plan and Europe revenues and profits are up over the first half of the year. With much of the year ahead of us, we continue to expect to stabilize revenues and improve profit for the full year 2019. Over the first half of the year global revenues increased for several Franchise Brands including PLAY-DOH, MONOPOLY and TRANSFORMERS. We also launched POWER RANGERS in North America with international markets to roll out through this year. Point of sale is up on these brands as well as for BABY ALIVE. NERF POS turned positive in the second quarter with the success of NERF Fortnite, which is now rolling out internationally and we have new NERF products hitting the market throughout the second half and in some geographies next year. Within our Partner Brand portfolio, Hasbro toys and games for Marvel's AVENGERS: END GAME and Spider-Man franchises along with innovation in Hasbro's preschool line of Marvel superhero adventurers and new MEGA MIGHTIES 10-inch figures delivered revenue growth in the quarter. As we look to the fourth quarter, retailers have strong plans for the October 4th launch of Hasbro product for both Frozen 2 and Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker. Our team is ready for the most important quarters of the year. We are driving revenues around amazing innovation and storytelling and as this management team has done in the past, we're investing for future profitable growth. Following a strong first half, our view of the year has not changed and we believe we are well positioned to deliver profitable growth for the full year 2019. I'd like to now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning everyone. Our second quarter results reflect the outstanding execution of our entire global team, producing strong quarterly revenue and profit gains in a very dynamic environment. Revenue growth came from several brands, but was led by MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Given a robust release schedule, which was more heavily weighted to the first half of this year versus last and the positive momentum in the brand, we forecasted a strong first half for Magic and it came in ahead of our expectations. Magic's revenue growth was further supported by growth in other Franchise Brands, MONOPOLY and PLAY-DOH, the launch of POWER RANGERS and also Hasbro products from the MARVEL brand, notably in support of Avengers: End Game and Spider-Man: Far From Home. The quarter's higher revenues and favorable mix contributed to a 250 basis point increase in gross margin. Combined with our cost-saving activities and ongoing cost management, we delivered a 330 basis point increase in operating profit margin to 13%. During the quarter, we successfully settled our U.S. pension plan liability and recorded a pre-tax charge of $110.8 million within the other expense line. Due primarily to the performance of our investments prior to the settlement of this liability, this charge is less than the $140 million to $150 million estimate we provided at Toy Fair. The $0.11 per share we reported for the second quarter included a $0.68 per share charge for the pension settlement. Excluding the charge, adjusted EPS was $0.78 per share. After generating $741.5 million in operating cash flow over the trailing 12-month period, we ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash. Our inventory is in a good position, both in the quality and level of inventory, declining $45.5 million year-over-year. Within our segments, revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 14%. Franchise Brand revenues increased, led by MAGIC: THE GATHERING along with PLAY-DOH, TRANSFORMERS and MONOPOLY. Partner Brands behind Marvel growth and Emerging Brands including the POWER RANGERS launch increased revenues, while Hasbro Gaming declined. Retail inventory at quarter end was down slightly and of good quality. As Brian spoke to, retailers are focused on running their business with less inventory than they've had in the past and we expect this will continue to influence retailers' buying decisions this holiday season. Operating profit for the segment increased 46% to $106.6 million. The increase was driven by revenue growth led by MAGIC: THE GATHERING and was only partially offset by higher intangible asset amortization expense associated with POWER RANGERS and higher warehousing expense. Warehousing expense included bringing more product into the country than planned, to position ourselves ahead of potential tariffs. As a result, our U.S. on-hand inventory also increased. As Brian mentioned, the team did a tremendous job this quarter assessing and acting on the potential implementation of tariffs. It is an extremely complex issue, with far-reaching implications within the business. While no tariffs on our products have been enacted in the U.S. at this point, I would like to review how this could impact the business, namely on the price of product, inventory, our tax rate, the cadence in revenues and manufacturing footprint. A tariff increases the price to bring our product into the country. This would be borne by the importer, which is primarily Hasbro. We would pass this increase on to the customer through higher prices on the tariffed items. We notified our retailers of this plan during the quarter. Given the status of tariff implementation, no price changes were enacted. Retailers have the option to take ownership of inventory in the U.S. or directly from our contract manufacturing location, known as direct import. In 2018, 35% of our U.S. and Canada revenues were delivered through direct import. Tariffs would essentially eliminate this program for items being produced in China. In fact, in the second quarter, some retailers briefly paused direct import orders, and all are watching it closely. As a result, we expect to see direct import orders decline as a percent of the total this year. While we can build other programs over time, in the near-term, Hasbro will be the primary importer. This increases shipping and warehousing costs and would impact the mix of income and expenses and ultimately our tax rate. This would also mean product ownership is passed to the retailer later, impacting the cadence of revenues between quarters. For example, in the fourth quarter, retailers place some direct import orders for first quarter on shelf dates. Instead, they would take this product in the U.S. during the first quarter itself. While this would level out over time, it would have an impact in the initial period on fourth quarter shipment. Finally, as we've discussed in the past, as part of our risk management program, we've been diversifying our manufacturing footprint for several years. During the quarter, we increased our resources invested in this program to accelerate our plans further and as a result, have taken on more costs. China will continue to be an important part of our global supply network. Last year, 67% of the products we sold in the U.S. came from China, and we believe we can get to approximately 50% by year-end 2020. We also sourced 20% of products sold in the U.S. from U.S. manufacturers. We've done the work and are prepared to address tariffs if they happen, but continue to believe they would be very disruptive to our business and consumers in the near term. Moving to the International segment. Revenues declined 1%, including a negative $20.1 million impact from foreign exchange. Excluding FX, revenues increased 5% in the segment behind growth in Europe and Asia Pacific. Latin America declined 1% excluding FX. Led by Europe, retail and on-hand inventories in this segment continue to decline. Revenues grew in Franchise Brands led by MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Emerging Brands behind POWER RANGERS. Partner Brand revenues were flat, but increased absent FX in the quarter with growth in Marvel. Hasbro Gaming revenues were down. The International segment increased operating profit to $14.6 million. The profit improvement resulted from favorable mix, driven by growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and our continued focus on cost management. Entertainment, Licensing and Digital segment revenues grew 28% to $96.5 million. Digital gaming, primarily Magic: The Gathering Arena and to a lesser extent, consumer product licensing drove the revenue growth. Operating profit in the segment declined to $7.9 million due to higher program production expense and increased investments in digital gaming marketing and future game development. As we have discussed, we continue investing in future gaming initiatives to drive long-term profitable revenue growth, particularly in our MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS brands. We anticipate full year program production amortization to be in the range of 1% to 1.5% of total company revenue, down from the first half rate of 1.8%. Looking at the balance of the year for the segment, I'd remind you, we signed a multi-year digital streaming agreement for Hasbro television programming during the third quarter of 2018. Also, Arena entered open beta in September 2018 and we recorded our first meaningful revenues for the game in the fourth quarter of last year. Overall, Hasbro operating profit improved to $128.3 million or 13% of revenue. Higher revenues and the improved gross margin I spoke to earlier contributed to this improvement, along with the favorable impact of our cost-saving activity and a continued focus on cost management. This improvement was partially offset by factors I have already discussed, most notably investments in digital gaming, higher program production expense, and higher intangible asset amortization. Turning to our results below operating profit, other expense of $100.2 million includes the $110.8 million pretax charge for settling our U.S. pension plan liability. Excluding this charge, other income was $10.6 million and increased primarily due to foreign currency transaction games this year versus loss last year. Our underlying tax rate for the quarter was 18.3% versus 17.4% last year. We believe the full year tax rate will trend to the middle to high end of our guided 17.5% to 19% range and could potentially go slightly above the high end due to our own response to potential tariffs. Our financial strength is evident in our strong balance sheet and cash flow including quarter end cash position of $1.2 billion, lower inventory, and DSOs flat to last year at 74 days. Brian and I have spoken today about the timing of revenues and expenses as we enter our largest revenue and profit quarters of the year. We recognize that our retailers are focused on increasing profit and carrying lower inventory levels, while driving their point-of-sale. We know and have communicated that we are investing and managing incremental expenses both planned and unplanned as discussed that we will be absorbing. This also includes higher planned incentive compensation given our outlook for this year versus a year ago. That being said, we continue to expect to return to profitable growth in 2019. Our teams have executed an excellent start to the year and we are excited to deliver on the many amazing brands and entertainment initiatives coming this holiday season, while continuing to invest for future growth. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Yes, couple of questions. First, Deb, I mean, you talked about last year in the third quarter you had, I believe it was your Netflix deal. Wondered, if you could talk a little bit more about, what's incremental and for new product shipments in 3Q this year versus 3Q last year?
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, I'll talk a little bit about the – the streaming deal that we did last year, which is as you recall, we just point out because just from comparative issues, if we think about entertainment licensing in the third quarter of last year because we had delivered full season and live our content at the time revenue recognition, it made a little bit of a bump that quarter, so that's why we really pointed it out. And of course, as we look to the fall or the third and fourth quarter, we have an amazing product offerings in a lot of our new brands that we've talked about. And I know Brian can elaborate on some of those like some of the products we have coming out. And then in fourth quarter, we're very excited for all the entertainment driven initiatives in FROZEN and in STAR WARS in the fourth quarter. So we're really excited about the back half of the year. We just wanted to make sure we pointed out some of these little quirky things that would impact the comparability of our quarter's year-on-year.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. One of the more notable brands that's rolling out throughout the year, new innovation as the headline and digital engagement is certainly NERF. We saw the NERF POS go up in Q2. A few markets have the new NERF Fortnite product like the U.S. and a couple of countries around the world. But it's really expanding right now, so Q3 is where it takes hold in major markets around the world. We'll have more than 20 new NERF Fortnite items rolling out in new innovation also for elite, zombie, rival and mega. We also have this new high-performance value-oriented product that launches in the very near term, so that's third quarter. This is for the value shopper that really is looking for the NERF performance. We know the kids and young people really want to play with NERF. And we want to give them the opportunity to experience our kind of innovation and performance for that under $20 price point. So we certainly expect further NERF momentum in the second half with many of these new initiatives. You'll also see some new protectable innovation coming later this year. We've seen great momentum year-to-date and TRANSFORMERS is up, we have new initiatives in the fall there, and BABY ALIVE, our gaming initiatives. PLAY-DOH is up. And then as Deb said, we get into the fourth quarter and we add to that several new initiatives most notably Frozen 2 and Star Wars both are set on October the 4th and shelves around the world. But we also have a number of big new initiatives from MAGIC in the second half of the year. We'll have at least two more mythic championships for both arena and for tabletop this year, and they'll both occur in the third and then the fourth quarter. A number of new game releases and announcements coming, as well as continued momentum, we believe for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, so really a strong lineup as we hit third and fourth quarter.
Eric Handler: Great. And then just as a follow-up Deb. So you had a significant increase in your programming cost amortization in 2Q, $23 million very sizable number, was there any big deliveries from that? Was that a function of Bumblebee movie profits and expensing associated with that?
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, what you're seeing in the quarter is that some incremental expense associated with production content and primarily with Bumblebee. But our full year expectation on that line is up slightly from last year. But we are expecting the full year to be about 1% to 1.5% of company revenues. We actually anticipate our revenue share from film and home entertainment to begin in the second half of this year. And if you recall, we had thought, based on earlier estimates we received, it wouldn't come until very late in the year or in 2020. So we've already recorded meaningful revenue and profit from the merchandise and toys and games and Consumer Products and digital gaming associated with the film. And now, we'll start to see the revenue and the amortization. So we're very happy with the financial return on our investment. But also, more importantly, the longer-term benefits this film has brought to reset the franchise and all of its storytelling go forward.
Eric Handler: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ashley Hogan: Good morning. This is Ashley on for Steph. Thanks for taking our questions and congrats on the quarter. I think you guys hit almost all of our questions. But just on China.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Ashley Hogan: Good morning. Just on China production exposure, what percent of U.S. goods are produced in China now? And what could it be by year-end?
Brian Goldner: Yes. We had said that, in China, right now, coming to the U.S. is just under two-thirds. We think by year end 2020, it could be around 50%. And recall that 20% of our production for the U.S. takes place in the U.S. We use all third-party manufacturers. We're increasingly spreading our footprint and adding new geographies for production globally. That includes new production in India and Vietnam. So we feel very good about where we're going. And having said all that, we also want to reaffirm that China continues to be a high-quality, low-cost place to make toys and games and it will continue to be part of our global network in a major way.
Ashley Hogan: All right. Thanks so much and congrats again on the quarter.
Brian Goldner: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Hi. Good morning. Thank you very much for the question.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Michael Ng: I just have one on MAGIC. Based on what we know about the total gaming growth and the E&L growth in the quarter, it seems like tabletop was a larger contributor to MAGIC. Is that the right way to think about it? And then, could you talk a little bit about whether War of the Spark or Modern Horizons was a bigger contributor to growth? I'm kind of surprised, you guys called out Modern Horizons as a big contributor, but I'm just trying to think about future momentum here? Thank you very much.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, overall, the MAGIC: THE GATHERING franchise saw strong growth. The largest games in the quarter were from tabletop, as you indicated. But we did see the Arena product and game represent our second-highest growth in the quarter. What we saw is that in-store player growth is up 12% year-over-year in total unique players and up 11% year-over-year in new player growth behind the War of the Spark release, and that's driven by storytelling and game play. Some of you may know this is a combination of a five-year story arc that brings together our Planeswalkers. And so, driven by storytelling and animated feature quality trailers, gameplay and social. But it does tie directly to the Arena gameplay, so they are synchronous as we go forward. We did see that -- and know that MAGIC is available in 11 languages and most of those saw significant demand above plan and we've gone for repeat -- reprints there. The Modern Horizons set did ship in the quarter and the response was tremendous. It's most comparable to a set that we released last fourth quarter. So we highlighted just to, again, talk about how storytelling comes at different times for MAGIC throughout any given year and to recognize that it really did take hold with our fans and it was a very exciting set release. We are seeing real momentum and engagement in monetization around Magic: The Gathering Arena. We continue to see progress there. We continue to have our Mythic Championships. And then also late in the quarter, we saw the core set 2020 began to ship and that will continue into Q3. So, we have a lot of new news for the back half of the year. And we also, of course, will go to our official launch for Arena, which will likely occur in the next four months or so. And I talked about having a couple more Mythic Championships for both Arena and tabletop toward the end of the year. What was really heartening to see was that our Mythic Championship III, which came in June, had 1.4 million viewer hours, which made it the number two property globally as we look at Twitch, which was even better than the Mythic Championship that happened earlier in the year. So, we're seeing the momentum in all the key KPIs for MAGIC and Magic Arena. But we did want to highlight also the success of the tabletop business.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you very much. And if I could just have a quick follow-up, what do you expect to be the key changes for Arena once it leaves open beta and goes into the official launch? Is it more marketing? More content? I just love to hear your plans there. Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Well, they're continuing to offer new elements within the feature set and constantly updating the feature set based on player feedback. We really love hearing from our players. You're going to see more competition. We've got more of the esports elements that are beginning. You certainly will see and we've talked about the discrete marketing that will hit the P&L during the time of the launch. And really, the way I'd look at it and illustrate the point is that, right now the people that were engaged in MAGIC are aware of Magic Arena. And yet over the history of MAGIC to-date, there've been 38 million players and not all of those players are currently playing. There’s a lot of latent and lapsed users and they need to be told about and marketed too, so that they are aware of the ability to go play Arena, go play MAGIC online and play that with their friends and neighbors all around the world. That's really an exciting element and I think that's going to be one of the biggest shifts you'll see as we go forward, the opportunity to ignite new fan engagement and latent and lapsed user player engagement.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you very much, Brian.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Hi, thanks very much, great quarter. I just had a question on, what is your sense of initial investment cadence for Arena for the back half as you get into the second half of the year and as well as 2020? What components of those marketing costs go away as we look into next year? It seems like those investments in Arena picked up in Q2 versus Q1. I just want to have a good sense of that flow-through in the back half and -- as well as how you look at it for 2020?
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So Deb can comment on some of the key points on the P&L where Arena development, game development, game marketing hit, because they hit a couple of different points on the P&L. But I think the way to look at it is, we will see increase spend in marketing and esports engagement in arena as we go to launch. And remember, that Arena as well as many of our new digital games that are coming as part of our new suite of games that we'll launch for MAGIC and then for D&D should be thought of as games as a service. So, it's ongoing, they're constantly being updated, new feature sets are being offered, new content is being offered, new adventures, new ways to play. So, we do expect to the point that our operating margin in eL&D will be superior to the rest of the company's average operating profit margin and in some instances by a long measure. We certainly see that in our Entertainment and Licensing area and we see that in Consumer Products as superior margins as well as with the Wizards of the Coast brands, our gaming business overall. So, that you will continue to see that we can create that higher operating margin and it will be that way. However, we are also spending at a higher level.
Deb Thomas: Right. So, you may see that margin be a bit lower on a percentage standpoint, but still as Brian said, superior to the rest of the company. And that's really due to the amortization, right. You think about the capitalization of the product and in launch, you've got amortization of it, some of which you see in product development, some of which you see in admin line, as well as the marketing we've talked about for the launch. And in addition to that, we're investing in future gaming. So, most importantly, as you know us right, we don't like to sit on our laurels, we're thinking multi-years out. And to create that future profitable growth for the business in the gaming side of the business, we are investing in that longer term larger game play. We've seen success in Arena in what we've done to-date and we'd like to make sure that that success continues with other games and in other formats as well as we go forward. So, you'll see a bit of that in product development admin as well as the marketing.
Brian Goldner: Yes. We continue to see the opportunity to double the size of the Wizards of the Coast brands as we've done over the last five years, over the next five years, but we're really seeing digital take hold and our game players and gamers around the world are really enjoying the games we're offering.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Great. Thank you. That's really helpful. And then regarding ForEx, so I know there's nothing concrete yet in that regard, but given elevated risk, could you talk about the expense to which toymakers could pass on those costs given some retail price points that can't really change like $9.99 and $19.99 at retail? I guess what type of assistance do you expect to get from retailers?
Deb Thomas: Yes, I think that's a great question Arpiné. It’s -- as you look at it, there are these price points that once you break them it starts to impact kind of the elasticity of demand for the product. And for us it's always been about innovation and driving value in product that consumers are willing to pay for. But the unfortunate thing with tariffs if they do come into play is the consumers is ultimately going to feel that price pressure, because the cost to react to it -- we always talk about being able to reengineer product, and take cost out, or move to different jurisdictions for manufacturing, but that takes a bit of time. And depending when they come, we can pass those price increases on to our retailers, but our expectation as we look at it would be that retailers would not want their margin to decline as well. So, that would get passed along to consumers.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Great. Thank you. Great quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thank you. Deb can we just stay on this tariff topic for a moment and all the color that you gave us was really helpful. Just to be clear though regarding the direct orders and what's currently happening at retail regardless of the fact that there are currently no tariffs on toys, should we expect to see any impact this year in the fourth quarter with the direct orders? Or were you just giving us hypotheticals?
Deb Thomas: I think that if tariffs were to come into play, our expectation is we would see an impact. Right now, it's early. I mean, honestly, we've seen some of our retailers changed their ordering patterns. But it's early in the year, and we're really excited. We have so many great initiatives coming toward the end of this year. And we – as we – Brian and I have talked about we expect those to continue into 2020. So as we think about spring sets and reorders and things like that, I think a lot of it is dependent on what we'll actually see. But if tariffs were to come into play, we would expect an impact in the fourth quarter.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So it's more of a conditional, but you're not expecting anything yet?
Deb Thomas: Right.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then just on the – moving on to the gross margins. Your gross margins were significantly better than we expected. And I'm just wondering were there any one-time items in there? Or it's just the upside, the function of the better-than-expected revenues versus what the Street was expecting? I'm just wondering, if again there was a one-time items or perhaps increase in digital is changing the complexion of gross margins?
Deb Thomas: A bit, what really is impacting it is product mix and we talked about higher – even MAGIC: THE GATHERING performing higher than our expectations. So what you're really seeing is the impact of mix from entertainment, licensing and digital as well as the strong performance of Magic tabletop and we've talked about gaming tends to have higher margins overall for our business. And it's was just the strength of the quarter.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So given what you know today and given kind of how you talked about your expectations at Toy Fair in terms of your overall margin, should we think about that differently?
Deb Thomas: No. I think from a expectation standpoint, I mean, we still expect full year profitable growth and we talked about that in our prepared remarks and we still expect that dependent on mix toward the end of the year. And whether we had tariffs or not that could impact our gross margin, but our beliefs are still the same.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Great. And Brian just to kind of get back to Arena – I mean to Magic for a second. I think in a normalized year given kind of your more first-half weighted releases of Magic versus other years it would seem like you would have a tougher compare in the second half. But just based on the things that you've said so far on this call, it sounds like given your initiatives, we might not see that for the second half. Is that the right way to think about that?
Brian Goldner: Well, look I think the underlying growth and engagement in Magic Arena is really substantial. Having said that, there is that quarterly compare, it's Q4 2018 versus the second quarter this year and that's why we highlighted modern horizons. Look overall, Magic has been on a growth trajectory. We expect over time it compounds and continues to grow. It's part of our plan in expanding the reach and engagement of our Wizards of the Coast brands. I don't want to – really want to comment and forecast Magic Q-for-Q. But I would say that, overall we're very happy with the progress on MAGIC: THE GATHERING and it certainly is set up well for its launch later this year.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thanks. And final one for me. Just back to you Deb, just with your buyback. Are you -- given the stock strength, are you still planning on repurchasing $100 million to $150 million in repurchases for the year?
Deb Thomas : Yes. Well, as you know, we've always said we're opportunistic with our repurchases, just based on market conditions and other factors. So our level will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, but our expectation is still that we'll repurchase $100 million to $150 million this year.
Felicia Hendrix : Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Brian Goldner: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder: Thank you. I'd like to continue on a little bit of Felicia's question here. And Deb, if you could just maybe remind us or refresh up any timing differences between Q3 and Q4, this year versus last year? And whether that -- again, with the warehousing expenses you talked about, the timing of some of the revenues, is any of the timing between Q3 and Q4 changed? It seems that you all alluded to that in your preamble?
Deb Thomas: Yes. I think, from a timing standpoint, as we talk about some direct comparisons with the sale of our streaming content last year in the third quarter, is something that we wouldn't expect that there would be a comparable item this year. As you recall, that's like a multiyear deal, so we do that every few years. And also, just some of the timing of the releases, as Brian has spoken about with MAGIC. Those are really the big timing issues for us for the quarters. And beyond that, I think that, with -- as long as tariffs don't come into play and, I say, if, but we're hopeful that they won't, that could have an impact. That -- and again, that is just timing between fourth quarter and first quarter. It's a matter of shipping domestically versus that direct import and when the retailer actually takes ownership of that. But beyond that, we don't have any expectations. From an expense standpoint, we are starting to amortize the film, because we're expecting revenue from BUMBLEBEE. So we talked about expecting between 1% and 1.5% of revenue on program production and amortization. And also, the product development will continue with respect to our future gaming initiative within the quarter.
Brian Goldner: Yes. And then, in the fourth quarter, Deb mentioned it, but to put it in the context of this question, we're clearly very excited about October the 4th, it's Triple Force Friday. We'll be supporting all the elements of the Star Wars program and launch. We have really an amazing array of new Star Wars product in support of the film, in support of the Fallen Order video game, in support of The Mandalorian, which begins on Disney Plus. We've seen over this past weekend, it was Comic-Con and I just looked at the top sellers for us. We sold an amazing array of collector oriented product and fan oriented product with our Hasbro Pulse and live from the floor of Comic-Con. But the Star Wars items continue to be top sellers. Our fans really love them. Our team does an amazing job in bringing innovation to them. So we're very excited there. Year-to-date, in the -- or I should say in the second quarter, we're very happy to see in the U.S. that the new initiatives we have for our entire fashion doll lineup around our Disney brands, including Princess and FROZEN are up. And so we're seeing new momentum as a result of new product innovation, the support of Aladdin, as well as the comfy Princess segment that we spoke about before, new ways to look at our Princesses in a more modern way. And then, we're very excited about Frozen 2 which comes in the fourth quarter. So clearly, not only the fourth quarter will be positively impacted by all the Disney initiatives, we certainly believe that 2020 gets a major lift as a result of the Disney initiatives. We've seen how Marvel has contributed to performance in the quarter and year-to-date. And so, I think we've spoken about some of the big elements that relate to or reflect timing.
Tim Conder: Okay. So then the -- again the MAGIC this year timing skewed to the first half of the year is one of the big differences and the other things that you just described?
Brian Goldner: Well, I think that certainly in tabletop, people had asked historically would tabletop be impacted negatively by Arena, and the answer is emphatically no. In fact, tabletop has probably shown more momentum as a result of all the engagement around Arena, around the tournament play and esports and the viewership on Twitch, and so the compare of Q2 this year being even bigger than Q4 last year and Modern Horizons, we just wanted to point that out. We certainly have seen the growth of MAGIC over time and MAGIC: THE GATHERING has doubled in size over the last number of years. We expect MAGIC and the Wizards of the Coast brands to continue to grow toward doubling and we said we could double those brands over time. D&D, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS we haven't even spoken about, but it was up in the quarter. It's showing some great momentum and we expect to talk more about digital gaming in that brand as well its coming. For both brands, we're also engaged in a lot of storytelling. You saw some of the announcements around the MAGIC: THE GATHERING animated series; it's coming to Netflix, headlined by the Russo brothers who are amazing creative stewards for that brand and working with our team at Wizards of the Coast and our studios team. And so we're very excited about activating storytelling across all forms and formats for those brands.
Tim Conder: And then lastly if I may, the emerging markets, any comments or expectations in changes in LatAm? And then any comment on China in particular? And then any color on POWER RANGERS contribution during the quarter? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Yeah. China was up a bit in the quarter. And if you take out ForEx, our emerging markets year-to-date are about flat up a little. We expect to continue to get back in momentum. If you take Latin America year-to-date, it's flat to up a bit. And again, we made a few on-the-ground changes in Mexico in supply chain that caused some timing shifts, but I don't see anything there that are long-term challenges to the region. The team has done a very good job there. And we have a lot of new initiatives that will hit in Latin America as well as in China. And so, we feel good about that. You had a second part of your question. POWER RANGERS. Thank you. Yeah. So on POWER RANGERS, it's really very early days. We've launched in North America. We've seen just a bit of revenue, literally just a bit of revenue in Europe. So it rolls out throughout the rest of the year. So, it's not a major contributor yet, although the early signs are quite positive. The ratings are top-ratings in its time period. Our partners broadcast or linear cable channels like Nickelodeon, we're seeing great engagement online. Our fans really love our new fan oriented lightning collection. And again, early days, whether its consumer products, digital gaming, our toys and games or the show itself all signs are positive for POWER RANGERS.
Tim Conder: Okay. Thank you and very good quarter.
Brian Goldner: Okay. Thanks, Tim.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ray Stochel: Great. Thanks for taking my question. The retailers want less inventory comment. Is that a mix of retailer’s year-over-year or versus maybe even 2017 and prior changing with Toys“R”Us? Or is that more on a like-for-like basis? And then if it's more on a like-for-like basis, I guess, my question would be, why wouldn't retailers new to the toy category or growing in the toy category due to the lack of Toys“R”Us last year want to build deeper inventories now that they know what their customers want and better understand what products their customers want? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, it is a multi-variable sort of answer. You're right that we have new retailers as part of our expanded channel strategy and expanded channel footprint who are taking more inventory and are building inventory. You saw in the U.S., our inventories are up single-digits in the quarter partly around the potentiality of tariffs and partly around the sales of our brands. What we're really talking about our online retailers and omnichannel retailers who have the benefit of seeing the momentum and the major step-up we saw this past quarter in online sales trying to replicate the best practice they're taking from their online or omnichannel businesses and pairing weak supply and seeing what the opportunities are to continue to hone their inventories and to optimize inventories around maximizing sales. And so they do expect to continue to grow in sales. They do want us to continue to provide our top-selling brands and franchises. They want to make sure that they are well positioned for major launches around our story-led brands and our partner story-led brands. We're just commenting on the fact that overall they are operating with less weak supply in an omni or online world and with the goal or target to be more like that in their brick-and-mortar businesses. 
Ray Stochel: Got it. And do you think that that initiative from retailers where they're in some cases even testing some products online and then bringing that to retail if they are really successful is a long-term benefit for you guys? Or something that's a bit of a challenge? I'd love to know if there's any longer term thoughts on what that means for your business?
Brian Goldner: Yes. No, look we really like our direct-to-consumer initiatives and direct-through-retailer initiatives that we're undertaking. We rebranded and relaunched our Hasbro toy shop to really focus on what we call Hasbro Pulse now, our fan-oriented content-to-commerce site, an initiative. Our fans are really enjoying it, because they get to get unique content and unique products. We're also working with retailers in a similar fashion in a direct way. So, that not every product we launch is a mega volume product. It may be around a specific audience that's able to find that product now in a manner that they couldn't have found it before. In the second quarter, if I look at online sales momentum, which has, as I said, stepped up appreciably versus any percent gains we've seen in the past, we go from strength-to-strength where people are able to find our new NERF Fortnite products whether they can find them at retail, new DISNEY PRINCESS offerings, new PLAY-DOH offerings, new gaming offerings. So, whether or not people are able to find those products at their local stores, they're able to find those products associated with the digital engagement, social engagement, content engagement, or story-led engagement that they are experiencing in other venues and able to bring that play home, which we think is very good for our business. And we think we uniquely differentiated ourselves through our strategy and our execution.
Ray Stochel: Great. Thanks so much again.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hi. Good morning. I just have one quick question on Europe. It seems to have sequentially stabilized. And I'm curious if there is – if that's just because we are lapping some of the noise around Toys“R”Us in Europe, or if there are some other factor you guys are seeing? And any commentary you have on consumer behavior in the region, would be helpful? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, in Europe revenues were up 1% or 6% absent FX. Inventories are down. Retail inventories are down by about a third across Europe. Our channel strategy both omni-channel and online channel strategy capabilities are really taking hold. And it really speaks to a new array of top or leading retailers for the region ones that we haven't really had as top retailers prior including Amazon and Smith, that's EMEA in Russia. We're seeing good POS gains across many major markets. The one market where POS is a bit down and is hampering overall European POS is still the U.K.. We're really seeing growth in major Franchise Brands including BABY ALIVE, MONOPOLY and MAGIC: THE GATHERING really good progress on PLAY-DOH. The NERF Fortnite as I mentioned earlier that product is just beginning to have a presence in the region. Only a few markets have seen some inventory. And so we expect that to help continue to build momentum. The MARVEL franchises have made a really good contribution to growth. POWER RANGERS is just beginning to roll out in those markets. And year-to-date TRANSFORMERS is up and set for a really good 2019. Year-to-date Hasbro gaming is up in the region. DUNGEONS & DRAGONS is up and Magic is up – MAGIC: THE GATHERING is up. We also saw that Playskool and FurReal contributed. So overall, we feel good about where we are and what we've said before about Europe, which is we intend to stabilize the region in the area of revenues and we expect an improvement in profitability and that's what we saw in Q2. That's what you've seen thus far year-to-date and we feel we're set up well for the second half.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks. Hey, guy. Good morning. Brian, I think you mentioned that POS has picked up recently for NERF. Can you update us on your expectations for the brand in 2019? Your prior commentary suggests the declines would moderate versus last year. I'm just wondering, if there's any change there. And then separately, there are a couple of new SVOD services rolling out. Is there an opportunity for Hasbro to sell content to these platforms? Are you guys locked in with exclusives with your current partners? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So – on the SVOD front, we have about 50 different SVOD details globally. We are creating all kinds of new media windows for our new content launches whether it's on a linear channel like Cartoon Network, and then going online or streamed with another provider in a unique way or window ensuring that we also have YouTube content, where appropriate in shorter form. And so we have some limitations as it relates to our linear joint venture with Discovery Family. But we also have opportunities for a lot of our content across any number of SVOD platforms, and we're really taking advantage of that. Plus, we have a number of new brands that are in development and new initiatives around brands that we're very excited about like our TRANSFORMERS fan-oriented content set for next year with Netflix, War for Cybertron Trilogy. So there are lots of ways to look at new media models and I think the team is exploring them and has done a really good job of bringing our brands to life in content and stream and linear platforms around the world. For NERF, I had mentioned that POS was up in Q2. Really, we've only seen the new NERF Fortnite product in a few markets. But where it has taken hold, like in the U.S., it's really shown tremendous momentum. And so, we do believe the new NERF Fortnite innovation, as well as our Alpha Strike innovation that's coming shortly and also new proprietary innovation, just sort of signals the next era of new product innovation and digital engagement for the brand. So our feeling about the brand earlier in the year, that if we could get these elements to work for us, as we have, the teams' done a very good job in marketing them. The feedback from fans has been tremendous. And yet, we've not yet rolled NERF Fortnite out to many markets around the world. We continue to believe that NERF will regain momentum and also revenues and sales throughout 2019.
Drew Crum: Got it. Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey, good morning. I have one balance sheet…
Deb Thomas: Good morning.
Gerrick Johnson: Hi. One balance sheet and two MAGIC questions. First on the balance sheet, you mentioned U.S. inventory higher to mitigate tariffs, as well as more domestic fulfillment. You have a couple of big 3Q programs, channel for Frozen 2 and Star Wars. So why is your inventory down 7.5%?
Deb Thomas: It's really about Europe and our international markets. So a piece of it is FX, right? And we haven't talked about FX but we've had a pretty significant negative impact from FX, but it also reduced the balance sheet at the end of the quarter. But what -- the biggest decline that you're seeing in our overall held inventory, as well as our retail inventory, that we've talked about, is within Europe. And beyond that, our Latin America inventory is down quite a bit as well.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Good. Thank you. And on MAGIC. Can you tell us how much the early release of the MAGIC sets impacted the second quarter?
Brian Goldner: The early release? No. It's just a timing of different -- as you know, a different story-led card releases. I did give you a sense for the fact that tabletop was the largest gain in the quarter. And I think Mike had asked that question. And that digital was our second-highest growth in the quarter. And then, it obviously was around both War of the Spark as well as Modern Horizons. And then late in the quarter, we began shipping the core set 2020. So we kind of have given you broadly order of magnitude impact for the quarter.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. And then, you did comment to the footnotes that Wizards of the Coast digital gaming revenue was about $11 million in 2Q 2018. So how did 2Q 2019 compare to that?
Brian Goldner: Well, as you know, it's now reported inside of entertainment licensing and digital. So while we also saw games in Consumer Products and some other areas like digital gaming, not related to Wizards gaming, it's in those numbers.
Deb Thomas: Right. And we also talked about the fact that we hadn’t -- we didn't really see the first meaningful revenue from Arena until the fourth quarter of 2018.
Brian Goldner: So that will be the first comp.
Deb Thomas: Right.
Brian Goldner: The first comp will be in the fourth quarter 2018 versus this Q4 2019.
Gerrick Johnson: All right. Thank you, guys.
Brian Goldner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Linda Bolton Weiser with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your questions.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Hi. I was just curious about the girls brand within franchise brand, MY LITTLE PONY and BABY ALIVE. MY LITTLE PONY hasn't really posted growth in many quarters. Can you just talk about the outlook for those girls brands within franchise?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Look, MY LITTLE PONY, it's our last year of the current television series, which is the ninth season. And we are transitioning to new let's call it TV-based entertainment as well as streamed entertainment. It's very exciting, the team's really working on something and I can't say much more than that. We're also working on the next animated feature film that will be CGI film from our Boulder Studios, Boulder Media. And we're very excited about where that goes. So, at times, brands are in transition and we've made a -- are making a transition on MY LITTLE PONY. Our mantra here is always to reinvent reignite and reimagine brands and we're actively doing that for PONY. For BABY ALIVE, we're -- we've been seeing good momentum. The brand is up in Europe and I would say down in a couple of other territories. But really it's just related to the timing of different price points of products that were available a year ago versus this year. We're very excited about several fall initiatives including a very big new initiative called the Happy Hungry Baby. And so, I think the team has done a very nice job of stepping forward in that brand.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Management prepared remarks will also be posted on our website following this call. Our third quarter earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Tuesday, October 22nd. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. During the first quarter, we realigned our segments and began reporting the digital gaming revenue associated with our Wizards of the Coast brand, including Magic: The Gathering Arena and several other games and the renamed Entertainment, Licensing, and Digital segment. As a result, for the first quarter of 2018, $10.4 million of digital gaming revenues and $3.2 million of operating profit were reclassified from the U.S. and Canada segment to the Entertainment, Licensing, and Digital segment. The full year 2018 revenue reclassification is expected to be approximately $58 million. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Those factors include those set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q and today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The global Hasbro team delivered a good quarter and start to the year. Revenues increased 2% and absent a negative $24.3 million impact of foreign exchange grew 6%. New initiatives and innovation overcame tough comparisons with last year's first quarter. Our long-term investments in growth opportunities provided a meaningful contribution from our digital and e-sports initiative, Magic: The Gathering Arena as well as growth in Magic: The Gathering tabletop revenues. Additional gains came from several other brands including Franchise Brands, PLAY-DOH, TRANSFORMERS, and MONOPOLY. We are beginning to see improvement in our commercial markets, notably in the U.S. and Europe. In Europe, revenues grew 8%, absent the impact of foreign exchange. For the full year, we continue to expect revenue stabilization as well as profit improvement for the region and the first quarter is in line with this plan. Point-of-sale comparisons will remain challenged through the first half of the year as Toys "R" Us moved into liquidation in the U.S. during week 11 late in the first quarter of last year. In addition, Easter was later this year shifting from the first quarter into the second quarter. Absent Toys "R" Us, global point-of-sale for the quarter was down approximately 10% and in line with our expectations. As consumers began Easter shopping and new initiatives came on shelf, including NERF Fortnite and Hasbro's line for Marvel Avengers: Endgame, point-of-sale improved posting positive Easter-to-Easter comparisons in the U.S. Retail inventories are of good quality and good levels, increasing in certain markets and brands as retailers prepared for Easter and new launches in April, including several entertainment initiatives as well as Hasbro's POWER RANGERS line launch in North America. Throughout the quarter, the global team did an excellent job managing expenses, and we began to see the benefit of our cost savings initiatives. We delivered operating profit in the quarter and EPS of $0.21 per share. While most of the year is ahead of us, we remain on track to deliver profitable growth for the full year 2019. Our outlook is anchored in innovation and execution around higher margin growth opportunities in key brand initiatives, many of which launch later in the year. We are leveraging our expertise and brand portfolio to drive unique gaming experiences. This kicked off with great success at our premier Magic: The Gathering Mythic Invitational at PAX East in March. John, Deb and I were on hand to see the team lead a tremendous event, which generated 2.7 million viewer hours on Twitch and paid out $1 million prize pool. Engagement with Magic: The Gathering is growing in both digital gaming and analog tabletop. In-store player growth increased double digits and grew at an even higher rate for new players. The latest Magic card set, War of the Spark, was unveiled at PAX East and drove over 10 million views of the trailer, shattering the previous record. In stores, in early May, War of the Spark is currently available for digital pre-order in Magic: The Gathering Arena and launches this week. Magic: The Gathering Arena is performing well with over 700 million games played to date during the Open Beta with the average player spending 8 hours per week in the game. We'll be further supporting the game with additional tournaments and marketing support as the year progresses. As discussed at Toy Fair, we're also expanding the Magic: The Gathering franchise to reach a broader audience through an entirely new game designed for mobile. The team launched this game, Valor’s Reach, into test markets during the first quarter. In our face-to-face gaming portfolio, MONOPOLY is coming off a record year and continued to deliver growth based on insight-driven innovation and on-trend additions. MONOPOLY Cheaters Edition and MONOPOLY: Fortnite are performing well. MONOPOLY for millennials is rolling out globally building off its success in the U.S, and we recently launched our Game of Thrones Edition, which is off to a good start as the hit HBO show enters its final season. In addition to our unparalleled gaming portfolio, we're building on the growing popularity of gaming across all formats around the world. This includes leveraging our industry-leading position with NERF for our gamer series. We launched NERF Fortnite late in the first quarter and it is off to a very strong start at retail. This new line joins Nerf Overwatch within our new gamer initiatives this spring. Throughout the year, the NERF team has incredibly innovative line across price points backed by compelling digital-first marketing and campaigns. NERF Fortnite launched exclusively on HasbroPulse with preorders in February and then rolled out to retailers. HasbroPulse is a one-stop destination to engage directly with our target consumers and deliver social media engagement, product development initiatives, content, and commerce for fans. To further our digital-first consumer approach, we added a strategic position during the first quarter with the appointment of Jamie Gutfreund to the newly-created role of Chief Consumer Experience Officer or CXO. Reporting to John Frascotti, Hasbro's President and COO, Jamie will oversee global marketing with the directive to further build deep connections between Hasbro's brands and global consumers. Jamie joined us last week from Wunderman Thompson where she served as Global CMO and helped establish the firm's reputation as a dynamic global digital organization. Our investment in digital-first innovation and storytelling has kept us as the #1 toy and game company in the U.S. and Canada on Amazon according to Edge Market Share. A recent example of how we leveraged our social channels to deliver content to commerce programs comes from Star Wars Celebration where we drove strong preorders for our exclusive Emperor Palpatine Black Series figure and The Black Series Luke Skywalker Electronic X-Wing Pilot Helmet. Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker is coming to theaters on December 20, and with the first STAR WARS live-action series, The Mandalorian, premiering on Disney+ on November 12, and The Galaxy of Adventures animation for kids on multiple platforms, we will be supporting Star Wars extensively with new Hasbro products on shelf from October 4 as part of Triple Force Friday. While our Partner Brands revenue was down in the quarter, robust entertainment for these brands builds throughout this year. In addition to STAR WARS, Marvel's upcoming 2019 theatrical lineup includes the highly-anticipated Avengers: Endgame later this week and Columbia Pictures' Spider-Man: Far from Home in July. We're also very excited about Marvel's entertainment initiatives in support of kids and fans across key platforms like Disney+, Disney XD, and MARVEL HQ on YouTube. For DISNEY PRINCESS, we have an all new line at retail based on the new look from Ralph Breaks the Internet as well as Aladdin product supporting the upcoming May film. In addition, Hasbro's expansive line for the highly-anticipated Frozen 2 will be on shelf October 4 for the November film. Also within the Partner Brand portfolio, BEYBLADE continued to perform well leveraging new innovation and episodic programming to deliver another quarter of revenue and point-of-sale growth. Storytelling across platforms is essential to building immersive brands. Bumblebee, currently available in home entertainment, along with our preschool kids and fan-oriented content, is driving revenue and point-of-sale growth for the TRANSFORMERS brand. Equally important, it is successfully introducing TRANSFORMERS to a new generation of kids and reengaging our core fans around the world. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2019, there's a lot of work to be done. Our teams are engaged and focused to deliver on our plan for profitable growth this year. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. The team turned in a good start to the year delivering revenue growth against a difficult comparison with last year and executing to deliver operating profit in the quarter. Hasbro is in a strong financial position with the ability to invest in our business for long-term growth while managing costs and delivering on our planned net cost savings of $50 million to $55 million for the year. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash while returning $128.5 million to our shareholders through our dividend and share repurchases. An 8% increase in the quarterly dividend takes effect for our next payment in May. Within our segments, revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 1% behind growth in Franchise Brands including PLAY-DOH, Magic: The Gathering, TRANSFORMERS and MONOPOLY as well as growth in Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands. This growth was partially offset by declines in the Partner Brand category. We ended the quarter with good levels and good quality of inventory at retail. It's still early in the year, but we're encouraged by the positive signs in the business. Segment operating profit for the quarter was $13.5 million. Last year's first quarter included $52.3 million of expenses associated with Toys “R” Us, which was primarily bad debt, and we reported a loss of $26.6 million. Adjusted operating cost at last year was $25.7 million. The segment's operating profit in 2019 was adversely impacted by product mix, higher intangible amortization associated with POWER RANGERS and start-up expenses in opening a new U.S. warehouse as well as investing in the Wizards of the Coast gaming brands. International segment revenues declined 2% including a negative $23.4 million impact of foreign exchange. Excluding FX, revenues in the segment increased 6% and were up in Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific. Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brand revenues increased. Franchise Brand revenues were flat as reported, but increased excluding foreign exchange. Partner Brand revenues declined in the quarter. The International segment reported an operating loss of $30.4 million compared to a $56.1 million operating loss last year, which included $11.2 million of expense associated with Toys “R” Us. The adjusted operating loss for last year's first quarter was $44.9 million. The smaller operating loss per share was driven by higher sales volumes, the benefit of cost savings, lower royalties and beneficial cost translation rates. This was partially offset by higher intangible amortization. Finally, as Debbie mentioned earlier, we have renamed our Entertainment and Licensing segment as Entertainment, Licensing and Digital. We reclassified revenues of $10.4 million and operating profit of $3.2 million from the U.S. and Canada segment related to 2018. Reflecting this, segment revenues grew 24% this quarter. This was driven by revenues from Magic: The Gathering Arena as well as consumer product licensing. Operating profit increased to $30 million or 32.6% of revenues driven by the higher revenue and lower amortization for film and television. This was partially offset by continued investments in the business including in digital gaming initiatives for Magic: The Gathering. Overall, Hasbro operating profit improved to $36.1 million or 4.9% reflecting higher revenue, a favorable contribution from our cost-saving activities, lower stock compensation and good expense management. Several of our expense categories were essentially in line with last year. However, royalty expense declined to 8.2% of revenues versus 9.7% last year. As a reminder, we incurred accelerated expense associated with Toys “R” Us in this line during the first quarter last year and the adjusted rate was 8.7%. The decline in royalties reflects lower Partner Brand revenues in the quarter. Intangible amortization increased to $11.8 million as forecasted reflecting the POWER RANGERS acquisition. Program amortization declined as we amortized less television and film expense this year versus last year, which included MY LITTLE PONY, the movie production expense. Advertising increased to 10.5% of revenues versus 9.5% last year. We forecasted amortizing to increase for the full year behind the launch of digital gaming initiatives including substantial marketing and e-sports expense throughout the year. We continue to expect full year advertising expense in the 10% range. Last year, we recorded $59.1 million of bad debt expense related to Toys “R” Us in SG&A. Excluding this expense, SG&A declined approximately $25 million reflecting the early benefit of cost savings, lower stock compensation expense, good cost management by our teams and a favorable impact from foreign exchange. At the same time, we have start-up costs for new U.S. warehouse and invested in our Wizards of the Coast business. Turning to our results for low operating profit, other income increased slightly primarily due to a larger gain on foreign currency transactions and higher interest income. Our underlying tax rate for the quarter was 18.5% versus 16.5% last year. The rate reflects a mix of jurisdictions where we earned profits and the impact of tax reform and is in the range of our full year underlying guidance of 17.5% to 19%. Including discrete items, the first quarter's effective tax rate was 9.7%. We have recognized one-time events over the past 2 years that have provided considerable benefits to substantially lower our effective tax rate. Based on what we know today, we do not expect the impact of discrete events to be as significant as they were in 2018. For the first quarter, earnings per share was $0.21. Our balance sheet is strong, and we ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash. We returned $79.3 million in dividend payments and $49.2 million in share repurchases. During the quarter, as outlined in our POWER RANGERS acquisition agreement, we paid $87.5 million to Saban Properties, $12.5 million remains in escrow and will be paid out during the second quarter. Receivables increased 4% and day sales outstanding were 79 days, up 1 day from 78 days last year. Inventories decreased 5% and were essentially flat with the year ago, absent the impact of foreign exchange. The quality of our inventory both on hand at Hasbro and at our retailers is good. Retail inventory in certain brands and markets increased in the first quarter ahead of Easter and several new initiatives launching during the second quarter. Finally, effective January 1 of this year, we adopted the new lease accounting standard. As a result, we recorded operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2019. The adoption of this standard did not have an impact on our consolidated statement of operations or consolidated statement of cash flows for the quarter. In closing, we're pleased with the start to the year. The team did a fantastic job driving revenue growth and managing costs. We will remain focused on both throughout the year as we support the new entertainment and brand initiatives coming to market over the course of the coming quarters. We will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Stephanie Wissink with Jefferies.
Stephanie Wissink: Nice start to the year. A question for you, Brian, really on the cadence of the quarter when we were together at Toys Fair, think your outlook for the quarter was maybe a bit more muted versus what you delivered, so can you talk a little bit about the areas that vested your plans, how you motivated the team to really take advantage of some of the opportunities? And then how should we think about the momentum in the business? Is this the start or are you coming in a bit better than what you had expected, so we should think about the first half as being a bit more lateral? If you can just help us with the quarterly progression, that would be great.
Brian Goldner: Sure. We did have a number of headwinds going into the year that we had spoken about, $26 million in Toys "R" Us shipments for the first quarter of last year, a shift of Easter to the second quarter, and of course, last year, Black Panther had performed incredibly well during the first quarter. Having said that, the team has done a very good job of growing our brands in the quarter. We saw growth in the Franchise Brands and Gaming and Emerging Brands, and we expect to see our Partner Brands begin to accelerate as we enter the second quarter. We've already seen Avengers performing well over-the-counter as we head to the movie this week later in the year and early in the third quarter, we'll have the Spider-Man movie, and so again entertainment progresses throughout the year and we're supporting our entertainment brands across a number of dimensions. We've also seen some really good progress in Europe, but I would encourage you to again think about our full year belief about getting back to profitable growth, and we'll see more new initiatives coming throughout the year. This is always a small quarter for us. We're very encouraged by what we're seeing. It's a bit more revenue than we'd expected, and we are seeing the early signs of that acceleration in Magic: The Gathering in both Arena as well as tabletop revenues, both being up in the quarter. We're seeing a number of new in-store players as well as new players, and so that also bodes well for that brand for the year and beyond. As we look at POS and we take year-to-date POS through both years and to date, we're seeing that overall POS is down in the low-single digits, so we did see an acceleration of POS. Easter-to-Easter POS was up in the mid-single digits. And so, again the progress is really starting to take hold in the second quarter. So, we think the cadence of our business is as we described it earlier in the year. We are very committed to returning to profitable growth, and we think we're off to a very good start. The team has done a very good job around the world.
Stephanie Wissink: Deb, could I throw in one more. Just on the $58 million of reclassification, are you willing to give us that by quarters, just for our models so we can twitch the revenue lines?
Deborah Thomas: I think the team is working on that right now, and when we have it available, we'll disclose it. But right now, just to put it in perspective, it was about $10 million in the first quarter, which we had talked about we reclassified, and it would be $58 million for the full year, and the business is not as -- it's not as cyclical perhaps as the rest of our business, but in the first quarter, obviously, it made a bigger difference just because it's the first quarter and it's a low revenue quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharian with UBS.
Arpine Kocharian: So Entertainment and Licensing revenue was quite strong. Would you be able to break down what was Consumer Product licensing contribution for the quarter and maybe take a chance to kind of run through a quick kind of how lumpy this revenue stream can be and how we should think about quarter-to-quarter cadence?
Brian Goldner: The lumpiness we normally would see in that quarter would be in the areas of film and television as we get paid for certain streaming income and certain streaming revenues as we deliver episodes typically. The rest follows cadence off of entertainment. We've talked before about Consumer Products licensing, revenues coming after entertainment initiatives by the company as we collect royalties and can count royalty income that comes into the company. And we did see good progress in Consumer Products this quarter. We've obviously had some great entertainment that's come over the last few quarters and notably in Bumblebee and other brands. And then, as we go forward, we expect that the new digital delineation will be important as the brands around Wizards of the Coast continue to grow. We've talked about a number of initiatives that the brands intend to execute over time not just arena. We have a new game in test market in the first quarter that's more of a casual mobile game, Valor's Reach, and we expect to continue to see revenues in that area. We're not going to break out the revenues by each area but suffice it to say that digital gaming was up Consumer Products, and of course, we talked about the first time we're reporting Arena and other games from Wizards of the Coast separately and ELB.
Arpine Kocharian: Great. And then in terms of the Magic: The Gathering transitioning out of beta mode, do you have any updates on the timing of that? I think you've said before by end of Q2 or potentially in the first half, which today means, I guess, end of sort of Q2, is there any update to that?
Brian Goldner: No. There's no real update thus far. We were very happy to see our Mythic Invitational at PAX East perform so incredibly well and the momentum around the game is palpable. It was great to see the fans enjoying the tournament, and also to see the response to War of the Spark and the new storytelling that comes in Q2 this year both in cards as well as on Arena. And I think the lineup and how they've synchronized the storytelling between the 2 platforms is really helping us as we do engage more players in tabletop as well as in the Arena game. And so, I’m really looking forward to quarters to come and years to come around Magic: The Gathering, both Arena and tabletop.
Arpine Kocharian: And then one quick clarification, Brian. You mentioned low-single-digit increase in POS. Was that excluding Toys "R" Us or including Toys "R" Us?
Brian Goldner: Excluding Toys "R" Us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel.
Andrew Crum: So Brian, you indicated you're starting to see some improvement in your commercial markets including Europe and that's usually reflected in the first quarter results, but doesn't seem to be suggested in your commentary for sales performance for the year. So maybe you could discuss that further. And was Europe profitable during the quarter?
Brian Goldner: Okay. Europe has seen profit improvement in the quarter in a substantial way. We've seen a number of markets perform above a year ago, and we're seeing a lot of progress in markets like France, Germany and Russia and Spain, reengaging consumers with new initiatives and the performance there is quite good. The reason we continue to talk about stabilization is the fact that revenues did grow 8% in the quarter, but were down 1% as reported. Obviously, FX will have an impact throughout the year as we've seen in the first quarter. Also I know it is limited data, it's only the first couple of months, but thus far, according to NPD, Europe is down and also U.K. is down even more sizably. So we want to continue to see progress in those markets. We've seen progress in the U.K. We're clearly seeing great progress across the European business. The team's doing a great job in onboarding new capabilities and engaging across a growing array of retail footprint and new retailers, which is fantastic. We're seeing that around the world as we continue to expand the retail footprint, and we're seeing growth in new retail channels as well as growth with some of our mass-market partners and online. But again it's early days, and we feel that we're making the kind of progress we expected to make and the team is doing a great job.
Andrew Crum: Okay. Got it. And then just one other quick one, Deb. $49 million of share repurchases during the quarter seems to be pacing well ahead of your guidance for the year. Is there any change in terms of what you expect to repurchase in 2019?
Deborah Thomas: Yes. We still expect to repurchase between $100 million and $150 million, obviously, subject to market condition. And during the first period again just within -- you know, we put a grid in place that we repurchase up too. We just hit that amount within the grid. They just stay so much, but no change to our guidance for the full year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: I just wanted to return to Steph's question that was asked at the beginning. And Brian, you highlighted the various drivers to the quarter in your answer, but I think what a lot of us are just wanting to understand better is what was the biggest surprise in the quarter because you were pretty clear at Toy Fair that you'd be down for the reasons you reiterated. But what was the biggest delta between your budget and actual? Was it basically the strength in Europe or was it different products enter domestically. Just can you help us understand that?
Brian Goldner: Yes, sure. While we've seen really good momentum in TRANSFORMERS and we saw growth in the quarter, we've also seen a reengagement of our fans and as well engaging kids. The home entertainment has been very strong for the brand, and we're seeing great progress there. Overall, our Franchise Brands grew quite substantially and PLAY-DOH was off to a good start. MONOPOLY continues to perform at a high level. And then, of course, Magic and Magic Arena is doing really well and early days and that's certainly a strong contributor to growth in the quarter. And yes, we had expected to have advertising, marketing and additional spending around e-sports come later in the year. So our expectation was some more of those revenues might come around more of those type of initiatives once we get broader and we launch and go from open beta. We've just seen great progress and great engagement with the game and I think that those are some of the key drivers. And then there are brands underneath those brands that are also growing some growth in games and other key brands across the portfolio. But I think that that's clearly been one of the key drivers as the growth of Franchise Brands. Europe has made good progress, and we're very pleased with what the team has accomplished there. And yet, it's still early days. And so our expectation for the year continues to be profitable growth, and certain brands are ahead of our expectations.
Deborah Thomas: We also saw some earlier benefit from cost savings than we had expected and just good expense management by the team. They are all very focused on the fact that the first quarter is a small quarter and slight differences can have an impact. Some of our expenses, as Brian mentioned, shifted out. And overall on a full year basis, we still think that the guidance that we gave at Toy Fair is still in line with the full year. It's just in a small quarter when you're focused on having some of those things, they can make a difference even to go from a loss to a profit.
Brian Goldner: Yes, and it is good to see the progress the team is making against the loss of Toys “R” Us.
Deborah Thomas: Right.
Felicia Hendrix: And then -- yes, I want to get to that in a second. But just if you had to size it for all the things that you just listed, it was like Magic, the biggest surprise or is that just one of the many that you listed out?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Look, I think it's great to start a year with the growth of Franchise Brands and the growth of Magic. And I think -- one of the conversations we've had has been as Arena has come to the fore, what would happen to tabletop? And what's heartening to me is to see the engagement the team is creating in-store and with new players. The kinds of new card releases that they're putting out in addition to some of the story-led releases like War of the Spark are really engaging players in-store giving them an easier on-ramp to learn the game. And that's really taken hold. TRANSFORMERS, it's great to see that in addition to great box office and very strong performance in China within the global box office, to see the home entertainment perform at such a high level, to see our business across multiple dimensions performing. We have the additional content from kids, our core audience as well as the fan-oriented content all driving growth in engagement in that brand. A new approach to PLAY-DOH that includes online, social and entertainment, that's really taken hold and some new innovation there. Our wheel segment to get down a little closer to the earth so to speak. And PLAY-DOH is off to a very good start, so new ways to play with the brand. And throughout the year, you're going to see new innovations. So it's great to see the momentum the team is creating early in the year.
Felicia Hendrix: That's really helpful. And then just talking -- getting to the retail landscape. So we're, obviously, well out of the holiday period and Walmart and Target have shrunk their shelf space for toys. The -- we're still seeing toys in the kind of alternative retail channel, if you will, but with kind of Walmart and Target kind of getting more to like a normalized spread of toys in their stores and Toys “R” Us gone, can you just talk to us about where you're making up that the difference the most in the nonholiday times of the year?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well first, we're seeing continued growth in online revenues. They were increased in high single digits in the quarter. Both pure-play e-com is up and our Amazon business continues to be up, but we're also seeing growth in sales around Walmart and Target and others. In Q1, we also saw the fan grocery, drug, club, department stores and convenience channels posting revenue growth. And then what's also interesting we talked about that Toys “R” Us was no longer in the U.S., but around the world toy specialty had taken hold. And if you exclude Toys “R” Us, toy specialty was also up in the quarter. And if so, whether it's Smyths Toys in Europe or new Toys “R” Us ownership in certain regions, we are seeing momentum there. I mean there are a couple of areas where we're yet to see that momentum.  In the Pacific markets like Australia, we're still not seeing the growth in that market according to NPD because of the loss of Toys “R” Us. And there are few other markets like the U.K. that still are down across the industry, but we're making good progress there to recapture share. And so I think, we talked about the objective of share recapture last year. We'd said we'd seen more share shifts through the holiday period versus share recapture. Now we're starting to see that share recapture that we'd intended to create. We're seeing a lot of merchandising for our products around our Franchise Brands and gaming as well as our Partner Brands coming into the year. And so more linear footage from nontraditional areas, but certainly great core partnerships as we go forward with retailers and it's really great to see.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: My first one is just on the TRANSFORMERS strength. You guys have had 2 consecutive quarters of growth now. Do you think we could get growth in the overall TRANSFORMERS brand in 2019 despite not having a movie this year?
Brian Goldner: You know the team has created lots of demand around that brand in new and different ways. Going forward, we're breaking ground on new media models and partnership with people like -- companies like Netflix where we'll have a whole new entertainment initiative coming next year. The streams of content that we have, have really enabled our brand to step forward. And I'm not going to comment on one year versus another, but I do think that the way we're approaching TRANSFORMERS is really benefiting us. Our fan business is quite strong. This is where our initiative like HasbroPulse is also taking hold, and we've seen really good early results there where we've offered either first-to-market or exclusive product really engaging our fan. We do believe that fan economy is quite strong. So TRANSFORMERS is one of our biggest fan-oriented brands in the company, and we continue to want to drive fan business behind TRANSFORMERS and STAR WARS and MARVEL and PRINCESS and even MY LITTLE PONY. But for TRANSFORMERS, it's clearly benefiting the brand. So as we go forward, we're starting to work on the next movie, but there's a plenty of content coming for that brand over time.
Michael Ng: Okay. And then just on the MTG digital gaming revenue classification. It seems to imply a lot of that reclass comes later in the year. Is it right to describe the first 9 months of that MTG digital revenue in 2018 mostly or exclusively non-Arena products? And then all the Arena revenue was really just in the fourth quarter?
Deborah Thomas: Yes. I think we've had Magic on line for quite a while. If you go back just within a material part of the segment, as we reclassified it, I think you'll see most of the revenue from 2018 coming from other digital products rather than Arena.
Michael Ng: Right. And then Arena was only in the fourth quarter, right?
Deborah Thomas: We started to pick up a bit of revenue from Arena in the fourth quarter, but don't forget we went into open beta kind of...
Brian Goldner: December.
Deborah Thomas: Yes, within the fourth quarter and then started charging within that. So...
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder: Thank you for the color so far. One thing, just -- and you've reiterated that it's early year in the year and obviously on a small quarter things get magnified either way, but wanted to check if your time line in getting back to your 2016 operating earnings margins, is that still as expected? And you said, you're still looking for this year to be expected, but any change in that time line at this point given the early success in several areas?
Brian Goldner: Yes. We've said that if we had a number of things break right for us, we felt that 2020 could be like 2017, and we continue to believe that. Again we're making good progress. It's great to see the momentum coming out of the first quarter. I think many people have asked and wondered whether the company would grow absent Toys “R” Us or how it would grow and so if you want to demonstrate that we're going to grow this year in a profitable manner. And then the team has done a great job in finding new retailers and new points of distribution and new modalities to sell around the world. And it's great to see many of the new capabilities and approach in Europe taking hold as well. So again, early days, but we believe that 2020 can look like 2017 as a few things break right for us.
Timothy Conder: Okay. And then you've commented on Europe and other international areas, but one exception just wanted to visit was Latin America. How has that trended? There's little bumps over the last year, so there -- and how's that looking at this point early on?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Latin America overall's looked good. It's grown -- obviously better growth absent forex. POS was up. Clearly, a market that had a less of an impact from shifting Toys “R” Us tides and we do have a toy specialty down there in market. Our emerging market business, which would include Brazil, was up in the quarter absent foreign exchange. So you know again making some progress. Brazil is not completely in the clear, but we're seeing a substantial progress versus where we were a year ago. Mexico has performed at a very high level and other markets up and down in the quarter.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners.
Eric Handler: Two questions for you. First, wonder if you could dig in a little bit more on Magic: The Gathering. You saw a pretty sizable spike in viewers on Twitch during the tournament during PAX East. It has since settled down. I think we've got a new pack release coming up in the next week or so. How do you sort of look to shape your marketing over the next couple quarters to sort of keep demand or at least interest in the game elevated?
Brian Goldner: First, it's really heartening to see that more than 700 million games have been played thus far in the open beta. On average, people are spending about 8 hours per week. In Q1, we did more than double the viewer hours on Twitch for the Magic brand and now, Magic Arena is the top 10 e-sports brand. In fact, it's about #8. It was Top 3 during the Mythic Invitational event in that weekend. Our KPIs across the board continue to progress in terms of retention, engagement, monetization, and the game does officially launch later this year. We recognize we had $1 million tournament. We've said this year we would have a $10 million price pool. So we still have more -- the majority of the money to spend the rest of the year as well as bulk of the advertising and marketing related to going beyond the core fan to engage new fans that we're seeing coming to stores and starting to trial the game online. But that's -- our intention is to continue to build this as a very watchable, very engaging brand for gamers of all ages. It's exciting to see -- early days and exciting to see.
Eric Handler: Okay. And then, secondly, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about how much of a correlation there is between the revenue of a movie that you're doing licensing with and toy sales? Specifically Avengers, looks like it could be an $800 million global weekend and probably over $2 billion of revenue -- box office revenue for the film. Wondering how that might impact toys? And then particularly China, where Bumblebee was quite big there early in the year, and now we're looking at a $200 million plus opening in China as well for the Avengers. How China might look this year versus last year?
Brian Goldner: Yes. China in the first quarter was up and -- for the company and POS looks good as well. For Avengers, we're incredibly excited. It's really early days. If you recall, last year, we had begun merchandising in Avengers: Infinity War a few weeks earlier in early March versus later in March this year. So we have about a 3 or 4-week shift in timing, but early days. Last 2, 3 weeks have been very strong. Marvel has historically been a key driver of our business, and we supported fully across every dimension from kids through fans and families. We're also focused on preschool. Our Mega Mighties in that area of our business is new initiative for the -- from the team is off to a very strong start. So we're focused on the preschool business as well with new innovative products for preschoolers. But we feel that Marvel and Avengers is going to have a very big year and you're right, China is a part of that equation.  For Bumblebee, it goes beyond the movie to overall TRANSFORMERS. It's more of the more beloved brands in China. We're very happy to be in partnership with CCTV on a television episodic program that will go on air later this year in prime time on national television called Transformers Nezha. It's based on a combination of TRANSFORMERS and Chinese mythology, but the entertainment looks so good that broadcasters around the world are starting to say, this could be something we take out globally. And we're very excited about continuing to build that relationship with CCTV, other relationships with Tencent, between Magic and things we're doing in our entertainment business. They were part of the funding of the Bumblebee movie. And it's very exciting to see what's possible in China. And again, still early days after a number of years.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge.
Raymond Stochel: How are initial shipments of POWER RANGERS product performing? And how would you characterize the performance of Beast Morphers so far? And then if you could also give us an update on NERF and any innovation in the pipeline that we didn't see at Toy Fair that you can give us on NERF at this point?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, the launch of POWER RANGERS is starting in North America. The line launch there. We had some products ship in Q1, but limited. It will roll out in the subsequent quarters, both in North America and around the world. I'm very pleased with the ratings of the new show. It's a ratings leader in its time slot. It's offering a very strong lead out. And Nickelodeon's been a very good partner and helping us to market the new series. The team has done a great job in producing this transition from Saban to our own studio has been seamless, and I give the team a lot of credit for producing such a high quality show that's really beloved by kids and improved in a number of ways from the last production. So we're, obviously, very excited about POWER RANGERS, not only for this year, 9 months, but for 2020 as we'll have a full year impact. So very good there. And second question...
Raymond Stochel: The follow-up was on NERF. And if you could give us on -- an update on NERF and then any innovation in the pipeline that you couldn't give us at Toy Fair?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Sorry. On NERF, really excited to see the take away on Fortnite. That initiative now is rolling out around the world, but in the U.S. over the last 3 weeks and then going into Europe, it's been very strong. So it's great to be able to play the game in real life, and I think people are really responding to all of the marketing and content that's being created around that by us and by fans. Later this year, the team has an array of new initiatives and innovations coming. We've talked about covering multiple price points and providing innovation and high quality product at every price point and you'll see that, and that's about all say at this point. But stay tuned, it's a very exciting lineup for NERF not only for '19, but 2020 and beyond.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Linda Bolton-Weiser with D.A. Davidson.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: Just on the cost side, I believe you said the SG&A expense was down $25 million year-over-year. Is there anyway you can quantify how much of that is just the headcount reduction initiative? And then I know you've got other initiatives as part of your cost cutting. Can you just touch on, did any of those make an affect in the quarter or are those things later to come? And then my second question is, just as Toy Story 4 hits soon, are you doing any of the categories for that in terms of the licensee? And do you expect the demand for those toys to impact any of your different product lines?
Deborah Thomas: Sure. So I'll take the cost savings, if that's okay, and then Brian, you can take the second one. From a cost savings standpoint, we are seeing our cost savings in line with where we thought it would be. It was actually a little bit better on the expense management side. We have some shifting of expense out of the quarter as well, but we still believe we're firmly on track to that $50 million to $55 million of net savings this year. And just as a reminder, it's still phasing in, which is why we said we would have a higher amount in 2020 when we get the annualized cost savings, though. I think the way that phasing is going, it will continue on through the first quarter and the second quarter and then we'll start to see kind of that full net savings by the fourth quarter, just the way the phasing is going on timing. As far as the other items, we did mention we've got some expense adjustments that kind of continue on with some of that line items in there including like if there's some compensation expense that's bit lower than a year ago, travel -- it's all things all the way through.  Somewhat offsetting that is we did have some expense with respect to ramping up our warehouse in the U.S. and we talked about that at year-end. So kind of those startup costs we don't expect to have those levels for the rest of the year. And in addition to that, we continue making the investment in our Wizards of the Coast gaming brand. So all the gaming brands, there's an administrative piece that goes with that as well. So we're seeing good cost savings. We -- the whole team around the world, I've to just give them credit, everybody is very focused on expense management as well, and our cost savings are on track and we remain really focused on that. Brian, do you want to...
Brian Goldner: Sure. The team has put together a nice line up for Toy Story, particularly around Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head. As you know, they've been among the cast of the movie and -- historically and it's exciting to see them in the trailers that we've seen thus far, and so you'll see some initiatives from us around some key characters and around the brand.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick Johnson: So retailers increased space during the holiday to bring more product and head more doors. Did that continue your first quarter or did they compress back to their original layouts?
Brian Goldner: Yes, we saw an incremental space in the first quarter. We've also seen it beyond our top retailers where we have performed quite well and they've had space a lot of those initiatives are also increasing as we get into this early second quarter recognized at Easter was in the second quarter. The boys' action isle for example a major retailer gets set closer to the Avengers movie. We said Avengers at the end of March around the world. So we are seeing incremental space there, but also as we go out, we talked about these new channels. We've seen great support around the new channels of retail in this first half of the year. And it's indicative of the momentum we're seeing Easter-to-Easter where we said we're up mid-single digits and year-to-date, we're just down couple of percent if we take year versus year recognizing we're still up against some Toys “R” Us headwinds for the first half of the year.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Then going into second quarter when we compare to last year, do you think these retailers under ordered last year knowing they were facing the Toys “R” Us liquidation competition?
Brian Goldner: I think a number of things. I think that given the liquidation it had us changing strategy at that point, we thought we have far more new initiatives coming in the second quarter this year than we had a year ago, whether it's NERF Fortnite or the Avengers lineup followed by Spider-Man. We're also seeing really good momentum in BABY ALIVE and some new initiatives there. So I think it had to do with all of us trying to understand the market impact the year ago versus going back to our focus on innovation and insights in storytelling for this year and demonstrating that we can grow absent Toys “R” Us.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Then Bumblebee, as it looks now, can you attempt to quantify the profit contribution from this one or perhaps the return on investment?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Overall, we're in the home entertainment window. Home entertainment is performing at a higher level than our original estimates. So that's quite good. We'll have some estimates from the studio coming up shortly as to where we'll be. And as Deb said, the income or cost associated with the movie will come later this year. The sales associated with Bumblebee have been quite strong. It's also haloed across the brand. We've done a number of what we call G1 or Generation 1 product lines for a number of retailers that have been reminiscent of our '80s product lines as a result of celebrating the '80s is part of the movie. So it's had an impact in our toys and games business, but also an impact in our mobile gaming business as TRANSFORMERS: EARTH WARS has picked up on content around Bumblebee as well are Consumer Products business. And that's in fact why you're seeing Consumer Products -- partly why you're seeing Consumer Products growing in the quarter.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. And I'm going to throw one more and then I'll save the rest for later on. The obvious follow-up to Felicia's question. Could there have been anything that was perhaps pulled into the quarter that could surprise to the downside in the second quarter?
Brian Goldner: No. We didn't really -- there weren't really no pull-ins. As I mentioned, the only brand that was only a few million dollars that shipped in the first quarter that was intended for the initiatives that kickoff in the second quarter was POWER RANGERS because, of course, we couldn't put the product on shelf until the very end of the first quarter, which is in fact what we did, and it was only in North America.
Deborah Thomas: And it was a small number...
Brian Goldner: And with that said, there was a ...
Deborah Thomas: I think we did see some shifting of expenses till later in the year, but again, I'll go back to what I said earlier is full year guidance remains the same.
Operator: I will now hand the call back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Hasbro's second quarter earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Tuesday, July 23. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Hasbro Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you. And good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our Investor website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our Investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which include these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today.  Informed by our proprietary global consumer insights and industry-leading brand-building capabilities, Hasbro’s global teams worked to do more than just respond to a very disruptive market last year. In 2018, our teams actively managed through the year but also took strategic steps to drive long-term success in a rapidly changing environment. Over the course of a 12-month period, we re-imagined and re-designed our go-to-market strategy and re-shaped our organization to become a more agile, modern and digitally-driven play and entertainment company. We meaningfully diversified our retail mix and grew online point of sale double digits, absent the impact of Toys“R”Us. We pivoted to a digital-first approach making Hasbro a complete e-comm partner. As a result, according to Edge Market Share, Hasbro was the number one toy and game company on Amazon in the U.S. and Canada. We streamlined and focused our teams, cutting costs across the business. We identified greater savings than originally anticipated and now expect $70 million to $80 million in gross savings by 2020 from our organizational actions. $50 million to $55 million of these savings are expected this year after we reinvest We further diversified our global sourcing efforts, reducing our risk and better managing our costs. We are on track to lower our Chinese manufacturing to 60% of total by the end of 2020. We invested in developing innovation across brands, price points and channels. We look forward to sharing many of these with you at Toy Fair. We purchased POWER RANGERS, adding a new entertainment brand to our global portfolio. We couldn’t be more excited with how our original television series and line looks for 2019 and our retailers share our excitement. We grew Magic: The Gathering revenues behind positive tabletop performance as well as the move to open beta for our new digital initiative Magic: The Gathering Arena. Arena is poised for a successful launch this year, including a major new esports initiative. We are investing and innovating to make gaming a greater growth driver for Hasbro over the short and long-term. You will hear more about our plans at our investor event next week. We successfully re-engaged families, kids and fans in the Transformers franchise with our feature film Bumblebee and are charting a path forward across the blueprint in entertainment, gaming, publishing and merchandise for this valuable franchise. And we returned $559 million of excess cash to you, our shareholders, through our dividend and share repurchase. Today, we announced the Board increased our quarterly dividend 8% to $0.68 per share. This represents the 15th dividend increase in 16 years. While the 2018 industry headline was a major retailer bankruptcy, this event created a ripple which went deeper and magnified the impact of ongoing, underlying changes in the industry, including the rapid growth of online retail globally and a heightened focus by retailers on profit and inventory management. For Hasbro, in addition to losing hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue from Toys“R”Us, the liquidation of an additional hundreds of millions of dollars of their retail inventory sold into the market at large discounts was more impactful to 2018 than we, and industry experts, estimated. It is an unprecedented yet finite event. Prior to its initial bankruptcy filing, Toys“R”Us was our third largest customer in the U.S., and our second largest customer in Europe and Asia-Pacific. In Europe, its bankruptcy added to a market already dealing with disintermediation across retail by online and omni-channel retailers, as well as political and economic headwinds, notably in the UK. According to NPD, the European toy and game market declined 4% last year across the top six markets. As we discussed at the start of 2018, even before the European Toys“R”Us bankruptcy, reducing our European retail inventory was the top priority for our teams. Given the dynamic retail environment, it was a bigger negative impact than initially expected to both our top line and operating profit as the team executed this task. Retailers ended the year with significantly lower inventory, down approximately 27%. Our goal is to stabilize Europe this year and grow beyond 2019. In the U.S., mass market retailers capitalized on the share opportunity in the toy and game category, but importantly also increased their focus on inventory management, implementing new behaviors and technologies this past holiday season. They ended the year with less Hasbro retail inventory than prior years. This is a trend we anticipate continuing. Including the loss of Toys“R”Us, Hasbro’s U.S. retail inventories were down approximately 24% last year. Point of sale in the U.S. and Canada, excluding Toys“R”Us, increased for the year and in the fourth quarter. For the full year, Hasbro revenues declined 12% to $4.6 billion, including a 13% decline in the fourth quarter. Several brands delivered positive performances. Franchise Brands, MONOPOLY and MAGIC: THE GATHERING both grew revenues last year. DUNGEONS & DRAGONS delivered another record year within our Gaming portfolio. Our plans for an expanded universe of gaming behind D&D is taking shape in analog and digital game play. Our new collectibles lines, Lost Kitties and Yellies, along with Power Rangers licensing revenue in the second half of the year, contributed to growth in Emerging Brands. Global point of sale for Franchise Brands, Emerging Brands and our gaming category, including MONOPOLY, was up for the year and the fourth quarter excluding Toys“R”Us in both periods. Given their strong representation at Toys“R”Us, certain brands and categories were disproportionately impacted by its bankruptcy and liquidation. Nerf is one example of a brand that due to its performance and innovation received larger shelf space at the retailer. In addition, increased competition, principally at lower price points, contributed to a decline in Nerf revenues last year. Nerf remains by far the industry leader and we are building on Hasbro’s long standing reputation for innovation, performance, accuracy and safety. Beginning with our new Gamer series, Nerf Fortnite and NERF Overwatch, we are entering a new innovation cycle for the brand that will deliver compelling product across price points in 2019, 2020 and beyond. We’ll share more about our plans at Toy Fair but given the competitive nature of the industry we will be waiting to share some initiatives and plans closer to their launch dates. Within Partner Brand’s, Hasbro’s MARVEL portfolio and BEYBLADE delivered very strong performances behind innovative product and great entertainment. After an outstanding box office and merchandise year, Marvel’s 2019 theatrical line up is impressive and includes a diverse portfolio led by Marvel Studios’ Captain Marvel in March and Avengers: End Game in April, as well as Columbia Pictures’ Spider-Man: Far From Home in July. These strong Partner Brand performances were offset by declines in Star Wars, Disney Princess, Frozen and Trolls, each of which has significant new entertainment for 2019 or 2020. The Walt Disney Company continues to set the standard for tremendous stories with highly merchandisable content and 2019 is poised to be another amazing year. In addition to the robust Marvel slate, Hasbro will be delivering innovation and marketing programs to engage kids and fans in the Star Wars franchise throughout the year. Coming soon for the franchise is The Mandalorian, an all-new live action television series from executive producer Jon Favreau on Disney’s upcoming streaming service, Disney+; the opening of a major new theme park land, Galaxy’s Edge, in both Anaheim and Orlando; and Star Wars: Episode IX which debuts in theatres December of this year, with its impact reaching across both 2019 and 2020. The Disney Princess franchise will benefit from new entertainment, including the live action Aladdin film in theatres this May. The highly anticipated theatrical release, Disney Animation’s Frozen 2, is set to debut Thanksgiving 2019, and will be a factor in both 2019 and 2020. Hasbro is supporting the film with a complete line of fashion and small dolls, playsets, castles, Play-Doh products and games. In addition, Trolls will release all new theatrical entertainment in 2020. Throughout 2018, the Hasbro team worked in real time to use our industry-leading capabilities as well as adding new capabilities to drive share recapture from the Toys“R”Us bankruptcy and liquidation. While in the short term we didn’t achieve all the share recapture we were driving for given the higher than anticipated impact of the Toys“R”Us stores’ liquidation, we did create share shifts and new channel opportunities that will benefit us in 2019 and beyond. Importantly, by lowering retail inventories and having tremendous new brand initiatives, we have laid the groundwork that will enable us to stabilize Europe, while making plans to return Hasbro to growth this year. Our growth plan is multi-faceted and is based on our ability to grow our brands, deliver compelling new gaming experiences across all formats, create engaging entertainment, and expand our consumer products, while fueling our digital commerce with digital marketing leveraging a right-sized expense model. As a result, we are well positioned to grow Hasbro this year and beyond. Next week at Toy Fair, Deb, John and our amazing teams will dive deeper into our plans and brand initiatives. We hope you will join us. I now like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. Following several years of growing Hasbro’s revenues and earnings, our global teams faced significant challenges in 2018. According to NPD, the toy industry declined for the first time since 2009, decreasing 2% across the G11 markets for the year and 6% in the fourth quarter. The bankruptcy of Toys“R”Us was the most impactful event to our business. In addition, several other retailers around the world closed their doors and, as Brian spoke to, several implemented new approaches to managing inventory which decreased their late fourth quarter re-order levels versus historical patterns. In Europe, throughout the year, our teams diligently lowered retail inventory levels to reposition the business going forward. This European activity meaningfully impacted the revenue and profitability of our International segment and was nearly as impactful as Toys“R”Us to our overall business. Our investments in brands, gaming and content drove growth in higher margin initiatives including MONOPOLY, Magic: The Gathering, Dungeons & Dragons and Entertainment & Licensing. We continue to invest to expand our portfolio across channels and categories. We are taking steps to right size our expense base and align behind our highest priority initiatives. As discussed earlier, and detailed in the reconciliations to the earnings release, we incurred certain charges in 2018 related to organizational changes, the Toys“R”Us bankruptcy, and asset impairments, which totaled $267 million. Excluding these charges operating profit margin was 13.1%. Lower revenues coupled with higher costs to clear inventory were the primary drivers of the decline. We reduced operating expenses but lost leverage. Most of the savings from our actions will be delivered in 2019 and beyond, and we will begin to drive increases in our operating profit margin. Our cash generation is in line with our targets and we ended with $1.2 billion in cash. During the year, we returned $559.4 million to our shareholders, an increase of approximately $131 million versus the prior year, and the Board voted to increase the quarterly dividend 8% this year. Investing in the business remains our top capital priority. We made important investments last year in brand innovation and acquisition, digital gaming capabilities, organizational change and talent, storytelling and content capabilities, as well as in our supply chain all to drive long-term profitable growth. Within our segments, the U.S. and Canada segment revenues declined 10% for the year, and 9% in the fourth quarter. The segment was negatively impacted by the loss of Toys“R”Us revenues, the impact of its liquidation on the U.S. market and by retailer efforts to more tightly manage inventory this holiday season. Our revenues across brand portfolio categories declined. Excluding Toys“R”Us, point of sale increased for the year and across all four brand portfolio categories, including Franchise Brands, Partner Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands. Between the loss of Toys“R”Us and the steps mass market retailers took to manage inventory during the holiday, retail inventories are down significantly at year end. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment declined 25% as reported. Adjusted segment operating profit, excluding the $46 million of Toys“R”Us-related charges, declined 16% and represented 17.6% of revenues versus 19.0% in 2017. Lower revenues drove the decline, along with a higher mix of close out sales in the year. International segment revenues declined 17%, including an unfavorable $41.7 million impact of foreign exchange. On a constant currency basis, full year revenues declined in Europe and Asia Pacific but were flat in Latin America. Emerging Brand revenues increased, but the remaining three Brand Portfolio categories declined. Europe revenues declined 24% for the year, or $335.0 Million. $9.0 million of the decline was related to foreign exchange. Our efforts to clear retail inventory and the bankruptcy of several toy specialty retailers last year were the primary factors in the decline. Toys“R”Us was most impactful, but Ludendo in France and Top-Toy in the Nordics also closed. While we expect continued consumer and retailer challenges in Europe, our goal is to stabilize the business in 2019, positioning it to return to growth in future years. In Latin America, revenues declined 6% including a negative $31.2 million impact of foreign exchange. Excluding the currency impact, the region was flat year-over-year led by revenue gains in Mexico. Point of sale increased for the region despite ongoing political and economic instability. Asia Pacific revenues were down 5%, including a $1.6 million negative foreign exchange impact. Australia’s decline was most impactful to the region as it was hurt by the closing of Toys“R”Us as well as retailers inventory management. Revenue increased across the Asian countries, led by our new office in India. China was flat year-over-year despite a tough comparison with 2017’s Transformers: The Last Knight movie merchandise. After premiering last month, Bumblebee has earned over $167 million at the Chinese box office. Within Europe and Latin America, macroeconomic factors and retailer health continue to impact our decisions around extending credit to certain retailers. While this has resulted in an improvement in our DSO, it also has impacted our revenues in the near term. Operating profit in the International segment declined 79%, excluding $8 million of Toys“R”Us related charges. As was the case throughout 2018, lower revenues combined with higher costs to clear inventory drove the decline in operating profit. We have taken steps to lower our fixed cost base, notably in Europe, and to better align with our business priorities and the skill sets required to grow Hasbro in 2019 and beyond. Entertainment & Licensing segment revenues increased 5% for the year due to changes in revenue recognition and a multi-year digital streaming agreement for Hasbro television programming. Our Consumer Products business was negatively impacted by difficult movie year comparisons, as both the My Little Pony movie and Transformers: The Last Knight were in theatres during 2017, as well as the loss of Toys“R”Us. The adoption of the new revenue recognition standard contributed to higher revenues in the segment on a full year basis as revenue from multi-year agreements are now recognized ratably across the license term. As we had outlined throughout 2018, this new revenue recognition also resulted in less revenue recognized in the fourth quarter due to more being recognized earlier in the year. The segment’s operating profit as reported was $17.3 million. The segment’s adjusted operating profit margin, excluding impairment charges, was 34.7% versus 33.8% in 2017. During the fourth quarter, we performed our annual goodwill impairment tests, including for Backflip Studios. Mobile gaming is a dynamic market and the team modified its long-term plan to succeed in this space. This included organizational changes and the pacing of launch dates for games in development, as well as bringing in development partners for future releases. Our long-term plan also provides for investments in advertising and the right in-house capabilities to succeed. As a result of the changes to Backflip’s long-term plan, we concluded the associated goodwill was impaired and we recorded a pre-tax non-cash impairment charge of $86.3 million in the fourth quarter. Overall, Hasbro operating profit margin declined year-over-year. The team is very focused on managing costs and improving our margin in 2019 and beyond. As part of these efforts, we incurred $89.3 million in pre-tax severance costs last year and anticipate delivering $70 to $80 million of gross annualized savings by 2020. We plan to reinvest $10 to $15 million this year to bring on board relevant skill sets and talent. Moving on to costs, on an as reported basis, cost of sales increased to 40.4% of revenues from 39% in 2017. The 140-basis point increase resulted from higher levels of close out sales, higher obsolescence reserves to end the year and lower gains on FX hedges. Growth in higher margin revenues, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING and the Entertainment & Licensing segment, partially offset this impact. We invested in innovation, spending 5.4% of revenues on product development. We are looking forward to sharing with you many of these new initiatives at Toy Fair, but also in future years as our investments are focused several years out. The lower dollar amount in 2018 was driven by the capitalization of certain Magic: The Gathering Arena costs versus 2017 when they were expensed. Program production amortization increased to 1% of revenues reflecting the delivery of a multi-year streaming deal for Hasbro television content and amortization of our investment in the My Little Pony movie. As reported SD&A included $257 million of charges related to the items discussed earlier. Excluding these charges, SD&A decreased by an approximate $94 million in 2018. Stock compensation and bonus expense declined. This was partially offset by higher shipping and warehousing costs in the U.S. and higher bad debt provisions in Europe. Turning to our results below operating profit. Other income, net was $30.2 million versus $74.1 million last year. While many factors contributed to the change, the three primary drivers were as follows. In 2017 we realized a $19.9 million gain due to a change in the value of a long-term liability due to U.S. tax reform. In addition, we had $10.8 million of foreign currency losses in 2018 versus a $1.3 million gain in 2017. Also, due to accounting standard changes beginning in 2018, pension expense for our frozen plans is now recognized in this line and totaled $5.8 million. Our underlying tax rate was 18.3% versus 19.9% last year. The impact from tax reform changes to the U.S. tax code was offset by a significant change in the mix of where the Company earned its profits, mainly the result of lower European revenues. Our effective tax rate for the year absent the impact of U.S tax reform and the Non-GAAP charges was 9.1% compared to 9.5% in 2017. This includes discrete items such as the benefit of tax planning, reassessment of historical tax reserves, accounting standard governing stock compensation and audit settlements. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding $268 million of after-tax charges, was $3.85. On a reported basis, including the $2.11 of charges, net earnings were $1.74 per share. Our year end balance sheet remains strong. We generated $646.0 million in operating cash flow during the year and today we announced that the board declared an 8% quarterly dividend increase payable in May. Receivables decreased 15% and were down 12% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Days sales outstanding decreased 2 days to 78 days. Hasbro-owned inventories increased 2% at year end and were up 7% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Inventory levels declined internationally, led by Europe, but increased in the U.S. and in the new Hasbro-operated markets of India and Japan. The quality of our inventory is good, and we began 2019 with significantly lower retail inventory in several major markets, including the U.S. and Europe. The global team managed through a very disruptive year, working closely with our retailers, engaging directly with our consumers and aligning around our growth plan. We have a solid financial foundation upon which we are operating and investing which affords us the ability to take actions for the long-term, while also pivoting our near-term behaviors to reflect a rapidly changing global market. Our teams have tremendous innovation and strategic plans for this and future years, and we look forward to sharing more of those with you on Friday, February 15 at our New York Toy Fair Investor event. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Deborah Thomas: Morning.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Brian or Deb, I'm just wondering if it would be possible to give us adjusted numbers ex Toys-R-Us or some kind of indication of how much the 13% of sales decline was attributed to Toys-R-Us.
Brian Goldner: Well, the way we look at the business, Toys-R-Us is wrapped up in our results, and we could look at and have seen growth in other customers. We've seen growth in other channels. So we talked about the fact that we've opened other doors, and whether it's value or online, we've talked about the growth there. But given that we have these big ongoingly successful brands over time, these brands are more impacted by the Toys-R-Us bankruptcy and liquidation, and we've talked about that. But again, we expect to return to growth in 2019, and in the fourth quarter the big difference was that our estimates of what the liquidation would represent and what experts had indicated about people's purchasing product to be given away sooner versus later were both off. And therefore the liquidation had a greater impact in the fourth quarter, but we have these big brands and franchises, as well as our partner brands that were being supported substantially by Toys-R-Us but other retailers. And we expect to now return to growth across a number of those brands. We also had a number of brands grow within the year and in the fourth quarter.
Deborah Thomas: And I think if we had to rate them, Felicia, and we tried to convey that as well in our prepared remarks, but it's - Toys-R-Us really was the most impactful to our business, and you think about the fourth quarter and the holiday season and for the reasons that Brian talked about. It was, you know, the inventory that was in the channel, which us and experts had estimated would have been cleared through by the end of the third quarter. It really hadn't. And, you know, so that really was the most impactful, and after that it was really Europe. And it's the things we've been talking about all year.
Felicia Hendrix: And just in terms of like the mismatch between the estimates and the reality, do you think that's just more because this is something that was just so challenging to kind of forecast versus, you know, perhaps it being a consumer-related issue?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, you know, this was an unprecedented yet finite event, and I think that as we look back on our track record from 2012 to 2017, we've been delivering on the medium-term objectives we outlined for you. Over that period we achieved 5% in revenue growth CAGR. We achieved 13% net earnings growth CAGR, double-digit growth in emerging market, an expansion of operating profit margin by one full percentage point. We saw the emerging market grow double digits. So the fact is we expect to return in 2019 to growth, and we see this as a finite event that began in the fall of 2017, if you remember. And to remind people, we still shipped product to Toys-R-Us in the first quarter of last year, 2018, but we do see the headwinds from the Toys-R-Us bankruptcy that we've experienced since the fall of '17 that intensified during the liquidation dissipating during the first quarter of '19. And we are going experience and generate tailwinds in 2019, and that comes from things that Deb and I outlined. The innovation, a strong entertainment slate, retail inventory's down, our inventory in a great position with inventory down in Europe, and new capabilities that we're on-boarding and addressing our organization to be digital and very strong.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you for that. It actually kind of touches upon the kind of follow-up I have is - because I think on the last call you had said that the Toys-R-Us disruption could continue into the first half. Sounds like, you know, just from a comp perspective, maybe the first quarter, but past the first quarter are you kind of moving forward or is it still going to be kind of a first half noisy type of thing?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so in the US, we continue to ship in first quarter, and then US no longer ship because, if you recall, right after Toy Fair last year Toys-R-Us announced the liquidation. I think the only other country that goes this little bit beyond is Australia. So you'll probably have a bit of an impact there, and then they ultimately liquidated there. But yes, 2019's about a return to growth, about move beyond the Toys-R-Us bankruptcy and liquidation, and we expect to see growth this year, as well a growth in operating profit and an expansion of our operating profit margin in our plans.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Then just my final is just on POS, you both said it was up ex Toys-R-Us. Just wondering if you could give us some magnitude. Was it up low single digits, mid single digits? Just some more color might be helpful.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so overall POS globally without Toys-R-Us...was overall globally POS was just down like less than 1% and North America was up low single digits, and Europe was down high single digits. Latin America was up. Asia-Pac was down mid single digits.  But our global franchise brands were up low single digits. Emerging brands were up mid single digits, and our games business was up low single digits. Partner brands were down.
Felicia Hendrix: Right, and the Europe is because of the transition that you're having there or was it something else being down high single digits?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, the transition and the market, exactly. And the fact is we wanted to ensure that we had completed our goal, our task, and our plan of eliminating retail inventory, and we also reduced our inventory. And the great part that we're hearing is as teams are leaving Nuremberg and working on the year's plan for 2019, the conversation is really shifted to be about the plan forward, growing our business, and going after the innovations and the entertainment-led brands that we have for the year.
Felicia Hendrix: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi. Thank you very much. I wanted to go back to retail inventory for a second, because it seems like POS globally including Toys-R-Us would be down but then shipments were down as well. But if you look at Q3, that was the case, right? You were down double digits and POS was down double digit, yet we saw inventory impact in places like Europe heading into Q4. I guess what's inventory situation ex Toys-R-Us at retail? And then owned inventory was up constant currency, and we're heading into Q1 where you have also Easter shift and, as you mentioned, some impact from Toys-R-Us disruption. Could you just go over what's contributing to that owned inventory to be up ahead of a quarter that's going to be seasonally obviously weak and you have Easter shift? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so our inventories are up nominally about $10 million year-on-year, and remember that going into the year, not only do we have new initiatives coming in the first quarter and a number of them new product, whether it's entertainment led like Captain Marvel, our other new brand initiatives like Transformers that goes into its home entertainment window. It performed incredibly well at fourth quarter. It was up in the quarter both in the US and internationally, so up overall. And then we head into the second quarter with a number of entertainment initiatives there as well. The Avengers is back in theaters. We have Spiderman that hits theaters. Both in the second quarter, and as I said brands like Play Doh, although not up for the year, had great momentum. And we're really seeing where new initiatives around that brand are taking hold, and we're seeing a good performance there. So I think that we're positioning ourself for a good year, and I know, Deb, you want to...
Deborah Thomas: Yeah. And just from a geographic standpoint, our owned inventories are down significantly in Europe. They're up a tad in the US, and Brian spoke to a lot of the things that are hitting early in the year. And they're also up in markets where we have new offices, so, you know, for example, we have an office in Japan now. We didn't have that a year ago...
Brian Goldner: And in India.
Deborah Thomas: India, as well, which we've been building in the year, but most of the increase is really coming from that.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so we're down…
Arpine Kocharyan: Right…
Brian Goldner: We’re down in our owned inventory substantially in Europe as well as retail inventory, and down in retail inventory in the United States. So I think we're really well-positioned in very high quality inventory.
Arpine Kocharyan: Right, right. No, thank you. I'm just also wondering about your mentioning of stabilization for Europe this year versus sort of growth and return to growth beyond '19. I think you mentioned inventories were down 27% in that market. Wouldn't that set you up to grow nicely this year in Europe then? Because inventories are down so much?
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think we really, as a team, as you can hear, are very thoughtful about the way we plan out our businesses, and we recognize that we can grow our overall business and stabilize Europe in 2019. We want to ensure that the changes that we're making are taking hold. We've organized our business very differently right now, and going forward Amazon is our number one customer in Europe. Toys-R-Us no longer really operates as a top customer in Europe. We have it in a couple of territories under new ownership. We have Smith's, which is a fantastic toy specialist, which was in the UK, but now bought the German, Austrian, and Switzerland business. And so they've grown to become a top customer for us. So it's just all the shifting dynamics that we want the team to be able to accomplish a number of objectives, and for us we want to make sure we're very clear that stabilizing Europe this year and growing it beyond in an environment where we grow our business overall would be a great accomplishment.
Arpine Kocharyan: Great. Great. And then I have a, just switching gears to gaming, you mentioned in the release and I think in prepared remarks that there are some initiatives to redesign your go-to market strategy for digital. Does that change anything in terms of Magic: The Gathering Arena outlook for the year and the profitability profile for that franchise? There's a lot of investor excitement around Magic Arena for this year. Anything you could tell in that regard would be very helpful.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, Magic Arena is performing very strongly for us and exceeding the measures for engagement and stickiness. You know, it's early days. We're still in the open beta. We haven't officially launched, and yet in the fourth quarter we had nearly 350 million games of Magic played in Arena. On average, a Magic player is playing for about 8 hours per week. The e-sports viewership during the quarter was doubled on Twitch. It's now a top 10 viewed game. And so we are also seeing as we look at measures of engagement and monetization, they are beating our early estimates. The other great part about what the team is doing, and they are doing a fantastic job, currently Arena is available on PC, but given they're using something called the Unity engine it gives us a flexibility to move to other formats over time. So again, we're in early days. We haven't even launched yet. We'll launch later this year. But all the indications are quite strong for Arena.
Deborah Thomas: And we'll talk more about Arena at Toy Fair next week at our investor event next Friday, but when we were really talking about gaming and mobile gaming, it's really the Backflip mobile gaming. We were talking about it. Because of the changes we've seen, we modified our plans, and frankly we think we modified them to be more successful with the way that mobile gaming has moved go forward. It just created an accounting remeasurement, and from an accounting standpoint that created the goodwill impairment. So we believe that all the modifications to the plan are good. The pacing is better based on what we've seen. We're investing to make sure the games are successful when they launch through advertising and user acquisition. It's just those changes created the goodwill impairment from an accounting standpoint.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question's from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you for the time. I have two questions about margins. First, and apologies if I missed the nuance, but when you talk to a return to growth in 2019, is that a return to profitable growth, which I would define as margin expansion? And could you just help us think about how those margins will look next year? And then second - Oh, sorry. Go ahead.
Brian Goldner: No, you go ahead, Mike. Sorry.
Michael Ng: Okay. And the second question was just about the gross margin headwinds in the quarter, which you said included higher levels of closeouts and higher obsolescence. It seems to me that those are probably discrete issues related to Toys-R-Us and Europe. Is that true? And if that is, should we see a snapback back to more normal margins in 4Q '19 if it's a more normal revenue quarter, all else being equal? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so we do want to talk extensively about our plan go forward next week at our analyst event for 2019 and we'll do that, but I'll tell you at a high level we expect margin expansion this year, an improvement in profitability across the company, and an improvement of profitability in Europe despite my comments about stabilizing the business in terms of revenues. And, Deb, I don't know if you wan to comment on anything else now.
Deborah Thomas: I have to save something for next week's Toy Fair. But I would agree with Brian's comment, and we will get into more detail on the components next Friday.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Badishkanian: Great, thanks. Just on Nerf, Nerf had more exposure than most of your brands to Toys-R-Us. Can you talk about the impact from Toys-R-Us versus the competition within the category that you also discussed that we saw, and then how impactful could some of the licensing partnerships be like the Fortnite partnership going forward to reaccelerate the brand?
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So Nerf by far remains the leader in the category, and you're right. The liquidation had a major impact on Nerf in the near term. We had mentioned before that 2 million Nerf units went into the market during the Toys-R-Us liquidation. Due to its performance and innovation, Nerf also received also received larger shelf space at Toys-R-Us, and we saw and in the third quarter we talked about the fact that we'd seen the impact from liquidation. Us and industry third-party data had indicated that much of that would have been gifted, and in fact we've seen a continued impact from that liquidation. Well, we know the blaster category is very competitive, and we are aggressively driving our position in the market. And we believe that when you buy a Nerf, you don't just buy our innovation but best performance, quality, safety. And so as we go into the year we're entering a new innovation cycle with propriety consumer insights in R&D. We do start with the gamer series this spring in Nerf Overwatch and Nerf Fortnite, which launch in March. And then we have all new innovation across price points with protectable innovations. And we're going to show some but not all of it at Toy Fair, because again we feel that a lot of competitors are using our insights and innovations to create their products. And so we'll talk more about that. We've got a great lineup and very exciting things to say and to show in the showroom. But we feel very strongly that we can return Nerf to growth in '19 and beyond.
Greg Badishkanian: Good. And just on some entertainment, Star Wars, Disney Princess, 2019, so outside of being a big movie year for you, anything you're planning to do differently that you're able to talk about on those two properties?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, I think, you know, Star Wars did have a difficult year as you compared to Solo to Last Jedi film from 2017. We're very excited about what LucasFilm and Disney have put together for the year. The franchise is going to be well supported with new entertainment and also experiences this year for the first time. We're going to be delivering innovation in marketing programs directly to kids. We have Galaxy of Adventures, which we'll support, which is a kid-focused initiative with short form content on their Star Wars YouTube channel. There's also new entertainment experiences because The Mandalorian is an all-new TV series. It's executive produced by John Favreau that comes on Disney+. We're also seeing the opening of a major new theme park land with Galaxy's Edge, which is both in Anaheim and in Orlando. And then we get to the end of the year with the movie, Star Wars Episode IX which debuts in theaters in December. And that impact from the film and all of our efforts will reach across both 2019 and 2020. So we're really excited about a full year effort. Lots of really good product, very innovative product throughout the year corresponding to the entertainment. And then Princess…
Greg Badishkanian: Would that be like a - yeah.
Brian Goldner: No, no. Go ahead. Sorry.
Greg Badishkanian: Will it be like a 50/50 split on Star Wars because it's the end of the year, or is it like 60, 40 or 40, 60? How do you…
Brian Goldner: Well, look, it's we're for the first time in a couple years back to the entertainment cycle we had seen in 2017, so coming out of all that we've experienced on Star Wars -- Remember that both Star Wars and Princes and Frozen were also very well represented at Toys-R-Us globally, and we know that had a significant impact. So in addition to being up against some of the major entertainment from 2017, there's that impact as well. So, you know, what I'd say is that we absolutely believe that Star Wars will have an impact in '19 and '20, but I won't quite yet express what percent of that business would come in which year.
Greg Badishkanian: Sure. And Disney Princess, I'm sorry, you were going to…
Brian Goldner: Oh! That's okay. You know, so Disney Princess, there was a lot of filmed and television entertainment in 2017, which we were up against, and so the brand did have tough comps. As well as I just mentioned, it was well-supported at Toys-R-Us, so that combination certainly impacted the brand. We're very excited about a number of initiatives that are coming for Princess this year. We have a movie that comes, Aladdin, in May of this year, which is a live action film that we will support. We also have a Disney Princess capsule programs around, some new product that's very exciting to see princesses in a different light. If you saw the Wreck-It Ralph movie, there was a great scene in there of the princesses having a slumber party, and we're playing off of that with our partners at Disney. And then we get to the year end in November, and extremely excited about a full array of product for Frozen 2. And, of course, being a November film, it will stretch and impact from 2019 through 2020, and I'm sure beyond.
Greg Badishkanian: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim Conder: Thank you, and good morning. Brian, as you called out earlier, you know, you guys had great performance and execution 2012 to '17, and even in China, given everything that's going on over there, even in '18 here you guys have outperformed the industry. But I'll just ask the elephant in the room question here. As Toys-R-Us started to unravel, initially you didn't have the largest exposure or percent of sales, and yet it seems like that and Europe has been more problematic for you all relative to others in the industry. Can you kind of expand on what happened there? And then with the shift to digital, I think you called out on the third quarter call, that you need more distribution centers in Europe to react more quickly to the retailers' needs. Is that part of the equation? And kind of where do we stand with that?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so on the first point, you've heard others talk about brands that were ongoingly successful or big brands that had been in the market for a number of years, like our brands like Nerf and My Little Pony and our games business, where they were being incredibly well-supported by Toys-R-Us. There was a bigger or outsized impact to those brands than brands that might be rebuilding over some period of time, and you also see where we had brand new innovations that weren't involved with the liquidation, whether that be for Monopoly or Magic: The Gathering or Dungeons & Dragons or even Transformers in the fourth quarter. Those brands performed quite well, and so you can see really the differences. You also see the difference when you compare Latin America, where there was no Toys-R-Us, or in Canada, where Toys-R-Us changed hands pretty seamlessly. We saw really good performances. And in Asia, even though we changed ownership of Toys-R-Us and Toys-R-Us is the second largest customer for us there, our business in Asia was good and our business in China was flat. So I think that we have had a level of success with our brands. As you mentioned and I'll reiterate, from 2012 to '17 we've grown our revenues at 5% and net earnings at 13% growth rates and expanded operating margins. So we view this as an event. We also believe, and I'll walk you through it in more detail next week, that we have every reason to believe and all the plans in place to get back into that kind of a performance post the Toys-R-Us event.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then the distribution in Europe, just the…
Brian Goldner: Yeah, we continue to -- We always look at our footprint, and really it's not just distribution but it's capabilities and channel strategy. So today, as I mentioned, Amazon is our number one customer in Europe, and we've moved to be more oriented toward a digital-first strategy to bring our capabilities we'd built in the US, being a top performer on online platforms, to Europe, and that's been a focus. We've also focused on where and how inventory gets placed into the market. We've also focused on our short-form content, content-to-commerce, and we'll continue to look at our footprint for warehousing.
Deborah Thomas: And I'd also add, Tim, and we've talked about this throughout the year, we've been very thoughtful. Given the economic situation in some of these countries, we've been very careful with extending credit, and as a matter of fact our cash collections have improved. You see that in our continuously strong cash flow, which was within our targets, based on the fact that we focused on making sure our collections were strong. We're reducing our DSOs. We've been extending credit to the right customers. So we've been very thoughtful about how we go into these new doors, who we extend our credit to, and making sure we can collect it at the end of the day. So you've seen some of that disruption this year, and we'll continue to do that go forward. But we believe based on all the changes we've made, the distribution efficiencies we've put in place, that we're really well positioned to stabilize and grow, in Europe and throughout our other markets.
Tim Conder: And again, yeah, the cash management, given everything that went on, has been very good, so congratulations on that. As it relates to -- you talked about stabilizing Europe, profits grow in Europe for '19, and then profits grow overall for the company in '19, maybe just give us a little bit of an update. You'd talked about getting back to that however benchmark you want to have it, the high 15, low 16 in change, operating margin. Where do we stand and how does that play and look now given the bump here we've had in '18?
Brian Goldner: Well, look. I think many people have asked, but, you know, we did experience an unprecedented event, and industry experts have likened it to be the worst event in the industry in the last decade. So we have to re-rate our business off of our performance and where we ended 2018. We ended the year 2018 with the highest revenues in the industry at $4.6 billion with a strong profitability, albeit lower than prior year given all of the issues that we took on and all the changes the team's made. And so we grow from here, and we'll walk you through a progression of how we continue to rebuild our profitability and expand our operating profit margin and perform across a number of dimensions over time. But I think that's a great conversation for next week.
Tim Conder: Sounds great. Thanks, Brian. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Brian, can you talk about the product roadmap for Power Rangers this year? Is it a global launch or staggered, a global launch in 2Q or is it staggered? Was the relative of the line -- I think you mentioned some new content coming on board. Any detail you can provide there is appreciated. And then I guess separately I think that you mentioned in your preamble you expect to be at 60% exposure to China by 2020. Is there a longer term goal you have in mind for the business? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, we'll continue, on production side, we're going to continue to look at new places to put product. Some of that has to do with just expanding our footprint. Some of it has to do with trying to mitigate some of the...that you face in certain geographies around the world. People have asked about tariffs. One place we do experience tariffs is in Brazil, so local production of some products is helpful in mitigating those kinds of impacts. We continue to look at how to make sure we're making product in the right place, recognize we're making a really innovative product line that requires all kinds and different types of manufacturing. So we really believe in our asset-light type model, which gives us great flexibility to get great innovation, pricing, and a great reliable, safe product. So it's the next benchmark at end of 2020 to be 60% out of China. In the US, about a fifth of our products are already made in the US, and about two-thirds we take in the US is coming from China already. For us, again, it's just a progression, and the team there is doing a great job in expanding our footprint and bringing new brands and our current brands to new geographies for manufacturing. In terms of Power Rangers, we're incredibly excited. We have our new series that will launch later this spring called Beast Morphers for Power Rangers. The product line is extensive. It's now been shown around the world at multiple toy fairs, and retailers are very excited. Our consumer products teams are really stepping up behind that excitement. So this is a new original series that's produced by the same team that had produced Power Rangers before, albeit with new energy and a connection between our teams and the original core Saban team that's really just tremendous. And we're incredibly excited. It will launch in North America in Q2, and then launches in the rest of the world throughout the remainder of the year. So it's a rollout. Obviously English-speaking territories before it goes to translated territories, in terms of language, but 2020 plans and beyond are even more robust because we get it for a full year and then we do intend to add a movie to the mix in the next few years. And so, again, we will build this brand. This brand had been far bigger in the past than it was at present, and we feel like there's a lot of opportunity. It reminds me a lot of the early days of some of our Hasbro brands, where we really looked at how big they had been in their history and asked ourselves, how big could we make this in the future? And we believe in the power and the potential of Power Rangers.
Drew Crum: Brian, can you remind us where you're getting distribution for the television series?
Brian Goldner: Sure. We have a great partnership with Nickelodeon, and we have a commitment from them. Great new leadership at Nickelodeon with Brian Robins and the team, and Bob Bakish has been incredibly supportive of our efforts there and also our efforts with Paramount, parenthetically, where we would produce the movie alongside of our relationship on Transformers and other films. So they have a great team there, and we feel very strongly about our opportunity to work with them and to build this brand together.
Drew Crum: Yeah. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Swartz with SunTrust. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Swartz: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Brian Goldner: Hey, good morning.
Michael Swartz: Just a quick, quick point of clarification, Brian. I don't know if I had this right, but when you talked about inventory's down I think 20% plus in both North America and Europe. Was that excluding Toys-R-Us?
Brian Goldner: No, that includes Toys-R-Us, but inventories are down across the board. And remember, the way the order pattern worked that what we could see is that while retailers were out for share recapture, they also were out for managing yearend inventories. So we were careful in working with them. We did not end the year with our own inventories up more than the $10 million, but retail inventories in the US were down 24% and in Europe were down 27%. And some portion of that is Toys-R-Us, and then there's a substantial portion of that that's also other retail. But remember also, remember also that we're opening new doors of retail. We've opened tens of thousands of new doors of retail, everything from food, drug, club, I'll leave something out, sporting goods. And so we have a great channel strategy and product development that's marrying up to bring the right products to the right channels and the right price points with the right retail margins and margins for Hasbro.
Michael Swartz: Okay. That's helpful. And just adding on to that, I mean, I think, one of the major challenges you've had later in the year was some of the mass retailers tightening up on inventory. I guess, in your early talks with them about how they're thinking about '19, is there incremental risk that they get even tighter with their inventory levels? Or do you think that's now kind of normalized or stabilized?
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think the way we view it is, it was definitely a change in the business related to the fact that Toys-R-Us was no longer going to exist with inventories in stock in December, and so as a result one can gain market share without necessarily being fully in stock at the end of the year. And we will always work on our inventories, and just in time our new warehouse in the Midwest is all about ensuring that we get better at just-in-time inventory. We're using even flexible space in that warehouse where we'll able to within a day or two move inventory from our inventory to other retailers' inventory. And so we'll continue to hone this, but I don't believe that there's a step change in inventory. I believe it's just going to be a perpetual drumbeat to improve inventory, inventory management, just-in-time inventory, around our initiatives go forward, and the team is absolutely prepared for that.
Michael Swartz: Okay. Great. And then one final question if I may, just I guess a little more clarity on the cost savings that you outlined for '19 and '20. I think I was getting the gross and the net amounts confused, so you can go back over that quickly one more time.
Deborah Thomas: Sure. By 2020, we expect to achieve gross cost savings of $70 to $80 million, and, you know, we've got a transition period, because while we put the plan in place we'll be executing it throughout this year. So in 2019 net of the add backs that we expect to do to, you know, for the items that we continue to invest in. If you think about we talked a bit about Arena and Wizards of the Coast Earlier, we continue to make investments in our business because that does remain our number one capital priority because we want to make sure we're set up for the long-term. We've always been that way as a company. So we continue to make investments, so the net is 50 to 55 in 2019.
Michael Swartz: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thanks, Deb.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MPM Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Handler: Thanks, and good morning. Wonder if you could talk about, with all of the new doors that you've opened and different types of retailers in the last year, I'm curious if there are any segments that you found to be better than expected or over delivered and what they might be able to do. And then I've got a follow-up question after that.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, look, it really -- this comes back to incredible kudos I give to our product development team and our marketing teams, because it all begins with great product development that's made in the right manner for the right type of retail. So we've been able to recognize the increased demand for exclusivities among retailers to give them a position on our brands that allows them to market our brands and to feel that they can make a fair return on our brands. So if we're going to a gaming type company, we want to give them the right array of product that's focused on that gaming fan and collector and the fan economy. If it's a sporting good store, it would probably more focused on our Nerf business and giving them products that are right for their audience. And so it's really those handshakes and those partnerships that are really important, and then we also have to get to value and discount stores and make sure we're making a product that can be sold to achieve a lower absolute price point and still retain margin for us and for the retailer. You know, I think that we've made a major pivot here over time where we really want to ensure that kids at every socioeconomic level have an opportunity to play with and participate in our brands, and we work all the time with our teams make sure that we can provide a great product for them. So that's been a process that's ongoing, but also you really see it take hold when you add so many doors, so many thousands of doors, at retail in the US and now applying that same channel strategy to Europe. We're seeing thousands of new doors opening in Europe.
Eric Handler: Okay. And then a question on mobile. It was interesting what you've been saying here. Electronic Arts has some similar issues, it seems, in mobile. I'm just curious, what is your strategy here with mobile, what you can do with Backflip, what -- It seems like the top -- You need to have a top 10 games if you're going to be really successful in mobile and how that view shapes what you want to do?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, I think the first dynamic that you really have seen, and it's a long of arc of change that's gone on in the industry. There was a time not that many years ago, because change is happening so quickly, where the most important thing you could do is develop the game, and then you'd put it out on the market. And I'll call it the kind of fire-and-forget approach to the game, where the first day you put it on the market might be its most important day. And today, of course, we all know that's evolved to be one of the important days but not the most important. The most important days come as you look at D7, 14, 21, 28 retention. So we go off and we work on in small markets around the world, looking at the monetization model, which means proportionally as you look at the composition of your teams, you need more people who are in data analytics and monetization. You still need great artists and creators, but you have to find the right balance between the two. So that's been the big arc of change, and so as that change has occurred where we're now looking at games that last years -- You know, DragonVale is a key game of Backflip, and it's now enjoying its eighth year of success. Or our Transformers: Earth War has been out several years, and it's been reinvented over several different periods. So we do have some games that really track. We're adding some new games, but we also want the team to focus on getting it right creatively from an immersive standpoint but also games that are really able to monetize over time. And that takes more time and more dedicated focus. For that reason, the long-term plan changes, and therefore you have the associated impact to goodwill. I don't know if you want to comment.
Deborah Thomas: No, you're right. And, you know, some of the changes are you work with development partners on certain things. And you're right. We, you know, took some organizational actions in the fourth quarter to reflect that, and we feel we're well setup with that plan go forward.
Eric Handler: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ray Stochel: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. How are you thinking about your collectibles business across all your franchises? And is that something you plan to lean into in fiscal '19? And do you need a greater presence, especially within franchise brands given the changes occurring in the market? And then one quick follow-up question after that.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, look, the way we plan out our brands are based on proprietary consumer insights, and we spend so much time understanding our audience. And our goal is to understand the audience better than anyone for all of our brands. In addition -- So that really focuses on our franchise brands and other brands, and there may be collectible aspects to those brands because the audience or the consumer tells us that, that they want to participate in those ways. And then on the other side, we've had our quick strike initiatives, which have been successful, and we saw the impact of those in the fourth quarter, like Lost Kitties and Yellies, where we saw a social media trend and using social media scraping and listening we found a fun new trend that was unique and original. And we put it in the market to good success, and so we're going to follow the audience and the consumer. We don't have a overarching mandate at the company to come up with just collectibles for collectibles' sake. There are a lot of companies out there that have done a really good job in this space, and we applaud the innovation and the efforts around companies where their businesses have been built with a single brand. And we don't really create product based on a business objective only. We're really looking at the consumer and the audience, first and foremost.
Ray Stochel: Great. Thanks. And then could you comment on Hasbro Toy Shop? I know you're making some changes there. Is there any way to think about how that could impact 1Q and then how that could impact, you know, 2019, 2020, and beyond?
Brian Goldner: It's really exciting. What we're doing there is moving Hasbro Toy Shop to be Hasbro Pulse. The effort there is a combination of a lot of efforts we've had across the company where we are engaging with our fans, and we've seen the fan economy grow. We've spoken to you over years about the importance of the fan economy. We have used see-now, buy-now strategies for different shows around the world. We obviously are a big participant in ComicCon. We have brands that track incredibly well with that fan base. Our Transformers business has a huge fan-orientation. We put content out for the older adult in that brand and for the fan. And so this is bringing together several of our capabilities to build a direct consumer offering that has both content and commerce, but it is organized and focused on our fans across a multitude of brands, from partner brands to our own brands. And we're very excited. It's early days. I don't know, Deb, if you want to comment further on investments, but obviously you'll hear more about it. John will probably walk you through some elements of this next week at Toy Fair.
Ray Stochel: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jaffray's. Please proceed with your question.
Steph Wissink: All right, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I want to just put a finer point, maybe it's a question for each of you, a finer point on a few of your comments. So, Brian, this one's for you. You said inventory in Europe down 27%. That does include Toys-R-Us, but channel seems very clean. You've rebalanced your retail mix. You have a really strong pipeline for '19. So why only use the word "stabilize"? Why will that business not grow? That's the first question.
Brian Goldner: So, Steph, you know us. You know we want to make sure we get things right before we run at pace. The team's been working feverishly for the last 18 months or so. If you recall, we talked about changes to the organization that we were making, and we took a charge, in fact, to modernize our organization prior to the announcement of the liquidation of Toys-R-Us. So we were already on the case, and yet it does take a period of time, and yet it's not forever. So I feel that what's important to reassure people of is that in an environment where we stabilize Europe, we can grow our company, and therefore with all of the other factors, including announcements we're hearing this week from the Bank of England and others about re-rating growth rates in countries and across territories, that our company is strong, our balance sheet is strong, our strategies are sound, and our brands are powerful. So it's just a matter of making sure people feel comfortable and confident that we're not relying on something to occur. Rather we are going to plan appropriately, conservatively, for that in the context of all the initiatives that we have.
Steph Wissink: All right, that's very helpful. And then, Deb, one for you, and this is really on incremental margins in 2019. So if we look at 2018 was really a sales impact year, but you were still investing behind the business. So the margins were probably a bit lower. In 2019 you get a boost from sales. If the investment levels are stable, we give you some credit for your cost savings and Magic and some of the film revenues, it would imply that the incremental margins are going to expand quite sharply. Is that the appropriate way to think about the 2019 opportunity and maybe 2019 as the first year in a multi-year opportunity?
Deborah Thomas: So we'll give a bit more specific guidance on some of the factors, and, you know, I remind you we've paid for some of these investments and we'll continue to invest in the business. So for example we had a good discussion earlier about Power Rangers that we are super excited for the long-term, and we think, we continue to say that could be a future franchise brand of ours, performing all the way around the blueprint. But with that comes amortization, so we only have a partial year of revenues from that acquisition, but we have a full year of amortization. So we have some things and some investments that will offset, but we do see our operating profit margin expanding over time. And we'll give some guidance next week of where we see that expanding to, but we remain very focused on that. We're very focused on making sure that when we have revenue growth, we're able to take the leverage of that through to our operating profit, through to our earnings, and then take those positive earnings and return any excess cash after we keep investing for the long-term to our shareholders. That remains our strategy.
Steph Wissink: Thanks, and then one more, Brian, or maybe John, if he's still in the room. Is this with respect to 2019, your comments seem to suggest that you're consistently if not even more confident than the opportunity set in 2019. But I just wanted to make sure we're hearing you correctly that your franchise and your games business ex Toys-R-Us did grow this year at the POS level, your inventories are very clean, your partner slate, Brian, you went through extensively. It sounds like it could be even a kind of double positive year, a lot of content coming through. So if we think about kind of the staging of 2019, you had a growth versus your historic average in that mid single digits. Are we hearing you correctly that your confidence level remains high and the growth potential -- not guidance per se, but just the growth potential is there to really set you out on kind of a new baseline for a multi-year trajectory?
Brian Goldner: Now, so first and foremost, I think there -- I'll walk you through our new view toward broadly what we'll call kind of medium term guidance next week. Because there are some puts and takes, and a good example is that we don't believe we can rely on the kind of double digit growth we've achieved in the emerging markets over the past five years, 2012 through 2017, going forward. And yet in our plan we believe we can achieve the low-to-mid singles digit growth that we have achieved. In fact, the 5% growth rate is what we had achieved historically, and we're going to say low-to-mid single digits growth in developed economies. The faster growth will come from gaming, which is an area that we have been focusing on and investing, but again that's a newer investment for us and we want to get to see the returns. You are right that, let's just look at the US, US without Toys-R-Us, where we had the greatest impact, where Toys-R-Us represented globally two-thirds of the Toys-R-Us business was in the US, without Toys-R-Us, in the US every category of our business was up for the year in POS. But I also want to recognize that you have the tempering effect of emerging markets, offset by the very exciting early days of our launch of Arena and the acceleration of Magic and Dungeons & Dragons. So a longer conversation, but suffice it say we feel good about our track record, what we've achieved, and next week we're going to reaffirm the next phase of growth for Hasbro.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. We'll see you next week.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerrick Johnson: Last four questions, that is. They're really quick.
Brian Goldner: Gerrick, I'd expect nothing less.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. First one, should we expect more severance charges in 2019?
Deborah Thomas: Well, I think you can never say never, right? But right now, as we look through to 2019, I would say there's nothing significant that we're thinking of right now. However, there are always severance charges in our business.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, great. Thanks. And on Transformers, can you talk about that? How did that perform to your expectations? And is there anything you can give us on expectations for bottom line contribution or expense? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, sure. On Transformers, in the fourth quarter was up both in the US and internationally, so up overall. We really successfully reengaged fans and families with Bumblebee. It's done over $450 million globally. The early indications as we enter the New Year are for a strong ESP and home entertainment window, and we believe that the enterprise for Bumblebee, including the film, is profitable for Hasbro go forward. Obviously we're in the early days. Haven't hit the home entertainment window yet. We haven't even opened in Japan yet, and the movie is still in theaters. In addition to the feature film, which is an important element and we are working on new films ideas with Paramount in partnership with Jim Giannopoulos and that team, and they're fantastic, we also have television on Cartoon Network, Netflix offering, and preschool offering. So across the board, it's a brand that really embodies our brand blueprint strategy, and we continue to believe very strongly in the power of the franchise.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, great. Thank you. And on Power Rangers, are you accelerating the timetable for full activation? Or is this consistent with what you were planning before?
Brian Goldner: It's pretty consistent with what we were planning before. What we didn't know but know now is that we've been through several of the major toy fairs and have shown the product line to several of the industry experts, and they're all giving us very enthusiastic response to the brand. We've really made, see change, improvement to the product line, to the innovation, to price points. Looking forward to showing you the Mega Mighties line and what that does for brands like Marvel but also in areas like Power Rangers. It's an exciting time, and we're looking forward to kicking that off.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Yeah, that's a great brand. Looking forward to that. My last question is franchise brands down 9% in the year, so you have an easy comp going forward. Do you expect growth in franchise brands in '19? And maybe is it too early to start asking about 2020? Thank you?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, yeah. I don't want to comment on franchise brands only because it's early, early days, and I wouldn't give you guidance by a product category at this point. Remember that our franchise brands in 2018 were brands that were strongly supported by Toys-R-Us. The impact is clear. We've described how that happens. But underlying that, we did have, in the fourth quarter, three of those franchise brands grow with Magic and Monopoly and Transformers. And, again, I feel like we have real opportunity as we go forward. We saw real momentum even though the brand didn't absolutely grow in the fourth quarter with Play Doh. So look, I feel that we're on a good track with great innovation and great teams on those brands.
Gerrick Johnson: Right. Thank you, Brian. I'll see you next week. Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, see you next week. Thanks, Gerrick.
Deborah Thomas: See you then.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. We look forward to seeing many of you at our investor event at Toy Fair next week, Friday the 15th. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - Vice President of Investor Relations Brian Goldner - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Deborah Thomas - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, & Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts : Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs  Eric Handler - MKM Partners  Arpine Kocharyan - UBS  Stephanie Wissink - Jefferies  Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Bank  Greg Badishkanian - Citi  Jaime Katz - Morningstar  Drew Crum - Stifel  Susan Anderson - B. Riley FBR  Tim Conder - Wells Fargo  Ray Stochel - Consumer Edge Research  Linda Bolton-Weiser - D.A. Davidson  Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Hasbro’s Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All this time, all participants will be in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you. And good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our Investor website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our Investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which include these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. The global Hasbro team is effectively working through a disruptive year. Our third quarter results reflect last Toys“R”Us revenues in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific, but also showcase the progress we are making to add a broad array of new retailers to lower retail inventory in major markets and to drive a digital-first orientation around storytelling, innovation and growth across the Blueprint. The US and Canada teams have advanced this strategy the furthest and we are making progress. In the quarter, we recaptured about one-third of the US and Canada Toys“R”Us revenues heading into the holiday and we had orders for more that didn’t get shipped by quarter end.  Operating profit in the US and Canada segment was also up in the quarter. While there are a number of factors affecting global markets, including an evolving retail landscape and challenging macroeconomic environments in markets like the UK and Europe, Russia and Brazil, our response to these factors is deliberate and measured to capitalize on our Brand Blueprint strategy with audiences and consumers. Just over one year ago, Toys“R”Us filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and put into motion a process which ultimately resulted in the rapid closing of most of their stores, including all stores in the US, UK and Australia, and transitioning to new owners in select markets. In certain markets, this transition is ongoing. We continue to believe this is a near-term retail disruption that will last for the next few quarters.  Our established and differentiated Brand Blueprint strategy has enabled us to transform and we’ve invested in industry-leading brand building capabilities. To best position our company for profitable future growth, we need to continuously drive new ways of competing. We’re becoming a more agile, modern and digitally-driven play an entertainment company. At this pivotal point, it is critical we have the right teams in place with the right capabilities to lead us into the future.  As we continue to transform, we took actions which impacted our global organization. We’re focusing our teams on the most profitable, differentiated and strategic areas of our business, while aligning our resources and costs to drive profitable growth. Hasbro is executing robust plans for this holiday season with a broad and growing array of retailers. Following Toys“R”Us liquidation in the US, the third quarter was the first quarter without the retailer and it is clearly visible in point-of-sale at brick retail, which was down globally for Hasbro brands in the low-teens for the quarter and increased slightly through the first nine months of the year. Looking at the US data more closely, where the consumer had direct access to the brands and products they were seeking, Hasbro’s online POS increased high single-digits in the third quarter and increased double-digits over the first nine months of the year. Hasbro has invested to establish a leading presence online. According to One Click Retail, through the first nine months of the year in North America, Hasbro is the market share leader on Amazon in the Toy & Game category. In the US, Toys“R”Us liquidation and stores closings drove an incremental 2.5 million units sold through the first half of this year versus a year ago and impacted the third quarter’s unit sales. However, The NPD Group data indicates that 83% of industry purchases made at Toys“R”Us during the liquidation in the US would be given away by the end of the third quarter. In recent weeks, retailers are activating their share recapture plans for the holiday period. Many retailers set their shelves later in the quarter to begin their holiday efforts. But retailers are stepping up to capture the Toys“R”Us market share. Hasbro's channel strategy has enabled us to open a significant number of new doors at retail. But this also drives new requirements for our US supply chain. We're working with a greater variety of retailers that have differentiated shipping requirements. Our growing retail footprint adds retailers shipping smaller quantities per truck to take product closer to the holidays and require more carton volume than previously, including more cartons of high demand toys and games later in the quarter. In fact, Hasbro shipped more products domestically in September than ever before, and we were unable to meet all the demand within the quarter. As a result, approximately $50 million of US third quarter orders shipped in the first week of the fourth quarter. By mid 2019 we'll add a Midwest warehouse to better meet demand, shorten delivery time and reduce trucking mileage to our retailers’ distribution centers. We're also working closely with our retailers in new innovative ways including sharing warehouse space to dramatically reduce delivery times. While our US retail footprint is growing, our retail inventory declined by 17% versus a year ago. And we have maintained our cost of business across retailers. We have story-led innovative brands and products to successfully support retailers and consumer demand for the 2018 holiday period. And importantly, we expect to return to growth in 2019 and future years. Where the retail disruption has been mitigated and the retail transition moved more quickly, you can see the resilience of our business and our brands. For example, in Canada, where the Toys“R”Us transition has already happened, our revenues and point-of-sale were up for the third quarter. Europe and Asia Pacific are behind both Canada and the US in respect to retailers share recapture and Toys“R”Us ownership transition.  In Europe, as previously discussed, we began 2018 with excess inventory at retail. We're making meaningful progress with retail inventories down over 20% and it will take through the end of the year to complete our efforts. A rapidly evolving retail landscape where consumers are shopping across borders and traditional retailers are struggling, added to the challenge of rightsizing our inventory. Revenues from omni-channel and online retailers are growing but haven't yet offset the decline from Toys“R”Us and other retailers. As our retail and consumer landscape evolves, we are building innovation across brands, price points and channels. Global revenues for several Hasbro Franchise Brands grew in the third quarter, including MONOPOLY, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, PLAY-DOH and BABY ALIVE.  Emerging Brands revenues were up 2% behind new initiatives, LOST KITTIES, LOCK STARS and YELLIES, and the addition of POWER RANGERS licensing revenues. Gaming remains a meaningful differentiated growth opportunity for Hasbro. We're leveraging our global portfolio of brands and expertise to target a broad and growing demographic of players across analog and digital platforms. In fact, in the US and Canada segment, gaming revenues were up double-digits in the quarter. MONOPOLY original and the Cheaters Edition have driven growth, and a strong launch of MONOPOLY Fortnite in early October continue to reflect our fast and first-to-market approach. The NPD Group identified MONOPOLY Fortnite as the number one new item in the games supercategory for the week ending October 6 in US. MAGIC: THE GATHERING grew in the quarter, led by Core Set sales and the strong story-led launch of Guilds of Ravnica. In addition, the team has taken important steps digitally as MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena moved to Open Beta on September 27th. There has been an incredible response from players. In the first four days alone, 70 million games of Arena were played. Retention, engagement and monetization are all above goals and streaming and viewership rates are beating our targets. The launch of Open Beta is just the start. The team continues investing to expand the game's markets, social and competitive features and platforms.  Arena is the first and a host of the new gaming and marketing initiatives for MAGIC as this brand expands across digital and analog including tabletop console and mobile in 2019 and beyond. The team also delivered another quarter of revenue growth for DUNGEONS and DRAGONS and late in the third quarter drove a strong release for an all new TRANSFORMERS trading card game.  In our Partner Brands, Hasbro's toy portfolio based on MARVEL franchise is having a tremendous year and delivered extremely positive results in the third quarter, behind strong sales of Avengers: Infinity War product as well as continued robust sales for Black Panther and Legends fan-focused merchandise.  Product from Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse launches this month, ahead of the December animated film premiere from Sony Animation. We also have new products supporting Deadpool, Venom and ANT-MAN AND THE WASP.  In addition, Hasbro's new product line for Marvel Rising supports MARVEL's newest animated franchise that launches exclusively at Target this month. BEYBLADE with its digital first strategy also contributed to growth in the quarter. Star Wars product revenues declined as Star Wars: The Last Jedi product was on shelf in September of last year.  For the fourth quarter and holiday season, we have diverse and innovative brand initiatives rolling out globally. In partnership with Paramount, our TRANSFORMERS feature film Bumblebee will arrive in theaters December 21. Product was arriving on shelves to begin the fourth quarter and sales are off to a strong start.  In the US and Canada segment, TRANSFORMERS revenues in the quarter increased double-digits. Retailers are enthusiastically behind this initiative, which promises to be our most all-family all-audience, dual-gender film ever. Feedback from early audience screenings has been outstanding.  We have a significant number of innovative brand offerings arriving for this holiday season across Franchise and Partner Brands as well as Gaming. In fact, you will see Hasbro's strong representation as retailers unveil their holiday initiatives for consumers across converged retail, in stores, online and mobile and in all forms of marketing digitally, including content to commerce, shoppable social content, toy books and toy list.  To fuel our future growth, we have tremendous innovation in entertainment for 2019. This includes all new initiatives in Franchise Brands such as product and story-led innovation for NERF, including NERF Overwatch and NERF Fortnite Lines. We are supporting a robust entertainment slate across many of the Walt Disney company brands, which touch, diverse demographics and we will drive innovative gaming experiences both digitally and face-to-face.  We will share more details on our 2019 plans early next year. As the global audience and consumer landscape continues to rapidly evolve and the retail environment continues to seismically shift, we are positioning Hasbro to profitably grow in 2019 and beyond.  I would now like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian. And good morning everyone. As the year progresses, our global teams continue to manage through a dynamic and challenging environment. Retail disruption, which is not limited to the impact of Toys“R”Us has complicated our efforts to clear inventory in Europe and to address challenging operating environments in other global markets including the UK and Europe, Russia and Brazil. Despite revenues lower than a year ago, our operating profit margin held up well this quarter. A combination of less favorable revenue mix, negative foreign exchange impact and steps to end 2018 team with clean retail inventory offset lower royalty, advertising and administrative costs.  As Brian discussed, we continue to transform Hasbro. Based on organizational actions to ensure we have the right talent and capabilities to profitably grow going forward, we expect to record a charge a $50 million to $60 million in the fourth quarter of this year relating to severance. While this will result in $30 million to $40 million of annual savings by 2020, most importantly, it will ensure we are well positioned with the right talent for success in the evolving marketplace we see ahead of us.  We remain focused on growing Hasbro over the long-term and continue investing in brands and entertainment to drive future performance. We’ve also returned $422 million in cash to shareholders thus far this year through our dividend and share repurchases.  Within our segments, the US and Canada segment revenues declined 7%. Toys“R”Us in the US is now fully liquidated. The Canadian business was sold in the early part of 2018 and is now operating under the new ownership team. Hasbro Gaming revenues grew double-digits and Franchise Brands were up slightly. Partner Brand and Emerging Brand revenue declined in the quarter. Importantly, retail inventory is down significantly. With no US Toys“R”Us shoppers this quarter and retailer activation still rolling out, point-of-sale was down in the low-teens for the quarter yet remains positive year-to-date. Absent the impact of Toys“R”Us in both periods, point-of-sale was up in the quarter and year-to-date. U.S. and Canada segment operating profit increased 4% and operating profit margin was 24.5%. Favorable product mix and lower royalty expense contributed to the improvement in operating margin.  In the third quarter of last year, we recorded $18 million of bad debt expense associated with Toys“R”Us. Retail continues to change and last week Sears filed for bankruptcy. Sears represented less than 1% of overall Hasbro revenue last year and our bad debt exposure is immaterial as we have closely managed the account for some time.  International segment revenues declined 24%, including a negative $30.3 million impact from foreign exchange. Revenue declined in each region during the quarter. Emerging Brand revenues increased, but the other brand portfolio categories declined. Europe revenue was down 29%, reflecting several factors tied to the evolving retail landscape. Lost Toys“R”Us revenues contributed to the decline. The UK stores are closed liquidating early in the year. France and Spain are undergoing ownership transitions. And while we aren't doing meaningful business with them now, we look forward to working with them go forward when the transitions are completed. We are also aggressively working to lower retail inventories across the region. The team has made significant progress and will continue these efforts go forward. We believe we will work through this issue by the end of 2018. Currency negatively impacted Europe revenues by $11.3 million. In Latin America, the political and economic environment continued to negatively impact our results, especially in Brazil. Currency devaluation had a negative $16.4 million impact on revenues, accounting for more than half of the quarter decline. Point-of-sale increased slightly in the quarter and is up year-to-date behind strength in Mexico. In Asia Pacific, Toys“R”Us impacted Australia as the retailer is no longer operating and the share recapture is ongoing. In Asia, Toys“R”Us is operating, but we have limited our shipments as the sale of the business has not yet been completed. Asia is also facing a difficult comparison with the strong TRANSFORMERS business last year, but is poised to capitalize on the launch of Bumblebee in the fourth quarter and into 2019. Currency had a negative $2.5 million impact to Asia Pacific's revenue. Across the International segment, macroeconomic factors and retailer health continue to impact our decisions around extending credit to certain retailers. While this has resulted in an improvement in our DSO, it has impacted our revenues in the near-term. International operating segment profit declined to $66.3 million. Lower revenues combined with higher costs to clear inventory drove the decline in operating profit. Entertainment and Licensing segment revenues increased 45%. During the quarter, we signed a multi-year digital streaming agreement for Hasbro television programming. This happens every few years and we last signed such a deal was in 2015.  Revenue from our share of the 2017 My Little Pony theatrical film also added to the quarterly revenue increase. In addition, the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard continued to contribute to higher revenues in the segment. This standard has impacted each quarter this year as revenue spread more evenly throughout the year. The segment's operating profit increased 99% on higher revenues, favorable mix and lower costs. Overall Hasbro operating profit margin declined 10 basis points. Given year-to-date trends, we now anticipate full year operating profit margin will decline versus a year ago.  As Brian discussed, we believe we can return to profitable growth in 2019 and we are taking the steps to ensure we can grow operating profit margin over time.  Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue increased 100 basis points in the quarter. Favorable product mix from higher revenues in certain gaming brands such as MAGIC: THE GATHERING, as well as Entertainment and Licensing revenues was more than offset by lower Partner Brand revenues, cost associated with clearing out inventory and the impact of foreign exchange.  As we discussed last quarter, the loss of Toys“R”Us combined with continued pressure of higher retail inventory primarily in Europe is having a short-term impact on our gross margin.  Royalty expense declined in dollars and as a percentage on lower Partner Brand revenues. Intangible amortization increased as we began to amortize the POWER RANGERS acquisition. The increase was partially offset by other intangible assets which are now fully amortized.  Due to the acquisition, we anticipate approximately $5 million in incremental amortization expense in the fourth quarter of this year and $21 million in 2019. Program production amortization increased as we're amortizing My Little Pony: The Movie production expense in addition to the delivery of digital content. Based on our current expectations, we will begin amortizing production costs associated with our funding of this year's Bumblebee film in the latter half of next year.  Given the change in the expected timing of receipts on tax credits, we now expect full year content spend of approximately $145 million to $150 million. SG&A was down 13% and flat as a percentage of revenue year-over-year. The decline in dollars reflects lower incentive compensation expense, lower bad debt expense and a positive impact from foreign exchange translation. We continue to see higher shipping costs in the US from new trucking regulations and driver shortages. Below operating profit, other income decreased in the quarter. Several items contributed to this decline, including the loss on foreign exchange this year versus a gain in 2017 and pension expense now being recorded in this line item. As expected, our interest expense declined year-over-year as we executed favorable long-term borrowing in 2017 and are using our global cash more effectively thereby reducing our need for short-term borrowings.  Our underlying tax rate absent discrete events was 17.6% compared to an underlying rate of 23.5% last year and 19.9% for the full year 2017. The lower rate reflects the benefit of US tax reform and a slight increase from our previous guidance due to geographic mix of income.  During the third quarter, we recorded a $17.3 million tax benefit or $0.14 per share related to our interpretation of US tax reform guidance that was released during the quarter. We now believe our full year tax rate will be slightly above the high-end of our previous 15% to 17% range.  For the third quarter, reported earnings per share was $2.06. Adjusted earnings per share excluding the $0.14 tax benefit was $1.93. Operating cash flow over the past 12 months totaled $697.3 million and we had $907 million in cash at the end of the third quarter.  In mid-June, we closed on our acquisition of POWER RANGERS and other entertainment assets from Saban Properties. At closing, we paid approximately $155 million in cash and issued approximately 3.1 million shares of common stock to Saban. We have remaining cash payments of $100 million due in 2019.  During the third quarter, we returned $159.5 million to shareholders, including $80 million in dividends and repurchasing $79.5 million in common stock. Year-to-date repurchases totaled $192.3 million. Our full year share repurchases are expected to partially offset the shares issued in connection with the POWER RANGERS acquisition. We expect to continue opportunistically repurchasing shares in the open market.  Hasbro’s balance sheet remains strong. Both our debt-to-EBITDA and EBITDA-to-interest ratios at 2.1 and 8.8 respectively remain within our targets. Receivables decreased 16% and day sales outstanding decreased to 81 days. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, receivables declined 13%.  Hasbro-owned inventory decreased $18.2 million and we are well-positioned to support demand for our brands this holiday season. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, owned inventory increased 1%.  As discussed earlier, retail inventories are down significantly in the US and internationally, notably in Europe. We are positioned for successful holiday period and to move beyond Toys“R”Us in 2019. In a rapidly changing retail environment, we are adding strategic new accounts to grow our business, while continuing to deliver innovation across the portfolio and introduce new ways to experience our brands, all positioning us to profitably grow in future years. We’re tackling the challenges head on and making timely and appropriate changes to our business. We remain focused on investing in our business for long-term growth and we’re excited by the initiative, entertainment and innovation we see in 2019 and years to come. We’ll now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we’ll be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng : Great. Thanks for the question. I have one for Brian and one for Deb. For Brian, you mentioned that you guys have captured about a third of the Toys“R”Us revenue going into the holiday. Do you expect to fully recapture all that Toys“R”Us revenue over time? And if so, does it happen in 2019 or 2020? Basically, how long do you think it’ll take to capture the remaining two-thirds? And then for Deb, I just had a question on EBIT margins, EBIT margin is being down this year. Could you just put some bookends on the expected decline? Will it still be in the 15% range between 14% and 15% or worse? And do you expect operating margin expansion in 2019? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Thanks, Mike. Good morning. On the US business and Toys“R”Us share recaptured, the team has made tremendous progress and that’s what we’ve been talking about making up the difference. And in fact, we’ll continue to see in the fourth quarter this year additional progress as more retailers have begun to kick-in with their holiday plans and we’re seeing more robust plans come. We’ve added just over the last year -- as part of the 21,000 new doors of retail that we've opened in the US, we've added a 10,000 of the 21,000 just over the last year. So that continues to allow us to expand our channels, continue to work with our major retailers, you'll see them announcing and launching their plans over the next number of weeks, but also additional channels based on a really robust product development strategy. This enabled us to develop product at multiple price points.  So as we go into 2019, we certainly believe we'll continue to make up to the Toys“R”Us difference. Our goal in holiday 2018 is not to necessarily make up the Toys“R”Us difference this year. In fact, what we're working on with our retailers is to ensure we get to a new higher level of commitment and capability with those retail relationships. And that we have strong sell-throughs through the holidays, setting us up for a new higher level of retail support in 2019.  As we go into 2019, we're very enthusiastic about the lineup. We have strong new initiatives coming from franchise, partners and gaming. And we certainly believe we will return to growth. And as Deb mentioned, we believe this will be profitable growth as we continue to bring forward new initiatives across the franchise. I'm not going to comment specifically on making up Toys“R”Us but as I said, we're very committed to 2019 being a year of growth. And we'll going to -- we'll see that as we stabilize Europe, in 2019 we will return Hasbro to growth.
Deborah Thomas: As far as our operating profit margin, in July, when we talked about Q2, we still had the majority of the year for revenue and profit ahead of us. And we had a plan that would have delivered our operating profit margins that were kind of in line with last year. As we look forward, the US and Canada segments on track we talked quite a bit about that, Brian just elaborated on that, we feel pretty good about that. Europe is a little bit worse than we had thought. And it's brought our margin expectations down a bit. We do remain committed to clearing up the issues that we have there this year, clearing up the inventory, that's impacted our gross margin a bit too. We've had more close-outs than we thought we would have. Typically we would have gotten a higher margin on those as we sold them out throughout the year. And Toys“R”Us took some of those, but other retailers are and these are close-out retailers that are going through too. So it's not our traditional retailers. Those gross margins continue to have -- continue to carry the gross margins that we would expect. So just what we see based on mix, and the mix of the products we expect for the rest of the year, we would expect a lower operating profit margin than last year. We also highlighted some of the charges that we're going to be taking in the fourth quarter. We do expect to take $50 million to $60 million charge in the fourth quarter, relating in this case, specifically the severance. However, underlying, there's no -- nothing that will cause us to not believe that we can grow operating profit in the future. I think this is a year of transition for us and there's been more of a bit of a transition in Europe than we thought but it's working its way through. We're seeing good performance in the US. So we remain positive about -- very positive actually about the future.
Michael Ng: Great. And do you have any comments about '19 margins or whether it’d be up or down or is it too early to tell at this point?
Deborah Thomas: No, I think our expectation is that they'll certainly be up from what we report for 2018. And if you look at the line items in our P&L even for this quarter, despite the disruption in revenue, we continue to control our costs and we continue to invest where we said we would from a production standpoint, royalty standpoint, product development, because as you know that’s where we say we're investing for the future. So we continue to make those investments and keep our -- and are keeping our cost in line as well. So there is no reason why we wouldn't expect that to increase in the future. 
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you both. 
Brian Goldner: Thanks, Mike. 
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please go ahead with your questions. 
Eric Handler: Yes, thank you very much. A couple of quick things for you, Deb. First, advertising came way down as a percentage of revenue on a year-over-year basis. And this year, you seem tracking several -- a bit lower than last year. How sustainable is that advertising as a percentage of revenue to get sort of into that like 9.3% area versus like the 9.6% area. Is that something that can continue on in the future or is that going to have to increase as more products come out? 
Brian Goldner: Well, let me talk a bit about that. What we're really seeing obviously in part that dollar decline you saw in the third quarter has a lot to do with our plans and expectations to support our fourth quarter initiatives as we saw where our retails -- retailers are expanding their efforts and we're getting into the holiday season. Having said that, we've been talking for some time about how using a digital orientation and social listening and scraping were getting better and better at targeting our media. We're able to get more economies in our developed economies like the US and other media savvy markets. We're still spending at market leading levels where we're trying to establish new brands and also build new brands around the world. But I do believe that you'd see that advertising would be in that 9% to 10% range and probably at the lower end of that range, both in 2018 and beyond. 
Eric Handler: Great. And then one other question for you. Entertainment, the entertainment and license business got a nice increase in revenue. One of the reasons was -- is that the Netflix deal from four years ago that is now fully renewed?
Deborah Thomas: As we look at it, we did renew a digital streaming deal that we had from I think ‘15 was last time we did. And we also are getting revenues in from our My Little Pony: The Movie. So you see that in our program production amortization, but we are getting revenues in there coming through that segment. 
Eric Handler: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, good morning. Thank you. You mentioned inventories were down significantly at retail. Is there a chance you could give us what that looks like ex-Toys“R”Us? Because Toys“R”Us is a specialty toy retailer. They were more able to take on inventory ahead of holiday season than for example a mass retailer that's a little bit time sensitive. How much is retail inventories actually down ex-Toys“R”Us? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thank you. 
Brian Goldner: So if you look at Europe, obviously Toys“R”Us had less of an impact in Europe and our European inventories are down -- retail inventories are down by more than 20%. In the US obviously our retail inventories are down 17% and we’ve seen that by retailer across the board. So our retail inventories by our brands and across other retailers are down. Recognize, as you're moving more to omni-channel and online retailers, those retailers are taking fewer week supply and in part the changes we made in Europe and the update to eliminating excess inventory is that Europe is actually making very good progress working with new retailers and omni-channel and online retailers as we are in the US and both -- in both cases those retailers take less week supply. So our big partners, as well as that expanded retail channel footprint take less week supply. So these are real retail reductions across our business and then certainly Toys“R”Us has some impact.
Deborah Thomas: And Arpine I would just add to that too. I mean especially as you look at Europe our inventories are down significantly as well so. 
Arpine Kocharyan : Okay, thank you. Then our checks have shown some surprising softness in NERF into Q3. Could you give us the sense whether it is just a function of sort of very tough comp since the brand did so well last year in Q3 I remember? Or is it that we are seeing some structural change in terms of retailer willingness to take on more bulkier items that are more fit for online, which could mean that Q4 could be a little bit better, because that’s more just in time inventory management and online seems like it’s doing -- it’s still doing well?
Brian Goldner: Yes. The biggest impact in Q3 to NERF was the fact that a year ago Toys“R”Us supported the NERF Fest which originally began in US is now rolled out globally in 2018. And that represented significant linear feet of space and inventory a year ago. In addition, the liquidation in the second quarter certainly impacted unit sales that were up in Q2 and then down in Q3, particularly around some of the basic products. What we are seeing is strong growth of the Rival product, those are the round projectiles.  We’re seeing a launch -- launching seven new blasters in Q4. And so we’re very excited about getting new innovation out to the market and clearly that’s performing well. The brand also does perform as you indicated online quite well as people get access directly to the products they’re looking for across the NERF range. So we feel good long-term in that NERF. We’ve seen a few other competitors -- some people have noted competition in the category. But we’re going to continue to add innovation this fall. We have LASER OPS, which is a whole new innovative way to play with great out of the box play. And then we have a lot of new innovations coming for first half of ‘19 including NERF Overwatch and NERF Fortnite. And then we’ll have additional new innovation coming in NERF that we will share with you later in 2019. 
Arpine Kocharyan : Thank you. And one more if I may. Brian, there is a lot of excitement both in the marketplace, as well as investor community about MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena, as you went into Open Beta recently. Could you share your expectations of what that could mean for Hasbro for ‘19 and in terms of both profitability and incremental revenue?
Brian Goldner: Yes. First of all, I think we should start by talking about MAGIC: THE GATHERING, because obviously it’s all related and interrelated as it’s a story-led brand. MAGIC is up year-over-year, it’s driven by that Core Set launch from July. But also what we’re really seeing is that a growth in total unique players of 14% year-over-year. We saw growth of new players of 17% year-over-year. So I think MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena is off to a good start, but really the fact is we’re just in Open Beta.  We’re actively engaging with players as we continually refine the game and our work is not done. We’re going to invest in game development. We’re going to across new platforms with new features and we're very excited about what Arena portends for 2019 and beyond.  We're not going to frame it other than to say we're continuing to expand in markets, in social and competitive features and platforms. I would encourage you to look at some of the positive reviews that have been out there in PC Gamer and Polygon and a few other publications. And also, I really encourage you to look at the viewership on Twitch. I think the game will officially launch in 2019, but already, you're seeing real excitement on Twitch. And of course, we're going to add new elements to MAGIC: THE GATHERING as competitive gaming has been part of our MAGIC's DNA since the first Pro Tour in 1996. And MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena provides this amazing digital platform that's as much fun to stream and watch as it is to play. And so, we'll share more with you shortly, but it's off to a very good start. And it's exceeding our expectations.
Arpine Kocharyan : Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Stephanie Wissink : Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Deb, I wanted to just come back to your comments on Europe and the partner brand inventory. I'm wondering if you can give us a sense of the Q4 versus Q3. I understand it's going to continue through the end of the year, but are we getting toward the tail-end of that cleanup? Should we expect the fourth quarter impact to be smaller or larger than what you've just experienced in Q3? And then Brian, a question for you just on NERF. I think that there's a point of focus, just understanding a bit around the distribution changes in that brand in addition to the sales cadence with Rival, Overwatch, Fortnite, do you expect to gain some new distribution into maybe non-toy or non-traditional toy channel or into other areas of your mass retailer footprints, and areas like entertainment and sporting goods? If you could talk a little bit about distribution expansion for NERF that would be helpful? Thank you.
Deborah Thomas: Good morning, Steph. I'll take the inventory question first. I think that as we look at our inventory, both at retail and at Hasbro, we have said we remain committed to deal with this issue in 2018. So, I can't specifically say whether the fourth quarter is going to be up or down from the impact on our gross margin from that. But we just absolutely remain committed to getting it done. And by the end of 2018, we do believe that will be behind us.
Brian Goldner: Alright. And then if you look at NERF, Steph, you're absolutely right that NERF is a brand that resonates everywhere. But certainly, we are adding significant new points of distribution. We have lots of new retailers as part of our expanded channel strategy, who have come on board, including an array of sporting good retailers, some of the fan-type retailers, electronics and gaming type retailers. As we get into NERF Overwatch, we're very excited because not only do we have great blasters, but we're really allowing people to role play and play blasters, very much bringing the game to life in real life, outside of the game and then later in NERF Fortnite. Again, very character-forward, based on the strong storytelling of those brands and we're very excited about that. Then we'll get into some new innovation for 2019. And we'll share that innovation closer to when we launch. But overall, NERF's footprint continues to expand. And I do think it's important to note that it's just the disruption of Toys“R”Us we talked about a year ago in NERF Fest. And recognize that the Q3 for Hasbro -- Toys“R”Us was it's largest in Q3 last year for Hasbro. It was prior to any liquidation. It was when they were restructuring their business and we believed that they would continue. And then behind Q3, Q4 was the second highest quarter for Toys“R”Us last year. And so, it goes back to where the impact will be. But as we finish this year, we put the European excess inventory issues behind us as well as Toys“R”Us.
Stephanie Wissink : Okay. Just one final question for us. I just want to make sure I heard you correctly. A $50 million tail-end of Q3 shift into Q4. Was there any other timing lags or shifts that you think would be worth calling out just in terms of order of magnitude as we should think about modeling Q4 versus Q3 on a total sales basis?
Brian Goldner: Yes. That was the impact. And again, the team had recognized already that we are going to such an expanded universe of retailers that we were already well underway in establishing a new Midwest warehouse. It's a very innovative approach. And it will also enable us to reduce the mileage to our retailers' distribution centers which obviously helps to mitigate some of the other cost increases we've seen. And we should save some monies there. It gives us also an opportunity to try some innovative approaches with some of our retailers and sharing warehouses, where we can move very quickly to replenish, given several retailers are going to a lower week supply inventory. And so, we see this is again a step up in Hasbro capabilities. And many of these new capabilities we've brought on board in North America and in the US. We're marrying that to our European business. And that's what you're seeing us do in real time and rapidly so that Europe will follow quickly on the successes and the momentum we're seeing in the US as we go through this disruptive year, and again, put the Toys“R”Us business behind.
Stephanie Wissink : Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Felicia Hendrix : Hi. Good morning. Thanks. Hey, Brian. Just stepping back for a second, I think you and Deb really have clearly laid out the various headwinds that you faced in the quarter and maybe some of those -- well, obviously, some of those were not expected when you talked to us in July. But if you kind of look at where you guys came in relative to the expectations that were out there, on a revenue basis at least, you actually came in better in Franchise Brands than Hasbro Gaming. And so, the real miss seemed to be significant declines in Partner Brands. So, I was just wondering if you could kind of layer that into your overall commentary because with that line being disproportionately affected by the issues you mentioned, I'm just wondering if we can understand what exactly happened there and then how both company and retail inventory levels are in that segment?
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think it's absolutely right on. In fact, if you go across the Partner Brands -- and let's focus on first year-on-year on Disney Princess and Frozen, last year, we had a number of entertainment initiatives that were supporting the brand, including Moana and Beauty and the Beast as well as some television led initiatives that didn't really repeat this year. In Star Wars, remember, last year, this was when Last Jedi product was setting. So, there was a sizable amount of inventory and merchandising that was going on around the brand. And so, that wasn't repeated this time this year. So, that those two had major impacts to the business over that time. And then again, as we come off of the movie year, you saw some impact from Trolls and a few others. Now, offsetting that, we've seen very strong momentum on the MARVEL business. We're very excited not only about the performance of Avengers and Black Panther, but as we get into the fourth quarter, we'll support Spider-Man, the animated movie, which we're excited about. And then, of course, we'll have our own Bumblebee film, which I can't help but mention. The -- but I do agree that we were up against major entertainment initiatives from a year ago.
Deborah Thomas: And as we head into …
Felicia Hendrix : Well, I guess what I'm trying to get …
Deborah Thomas: Sorry. As we head into 2019, we see that continued momentum around entertainment. In MARVEL, you've got Captain Marvel and Avengers. And then from Disney, we've got Aladdin and Toy Story. And there's another Spider-Man. There's Lion King and of course, Frozen 2, and then Star Wars: Episode IX comes at the end of next year. So, as you think about the mix I mentioned and some great entertainment, we've got good momentum in MARVEL. And we've seen good momentum in entertainment to carry our Partner Brands next year as well.
Felicia Hendrix : Thank you for all that. It's really helpful. But I guess what I was trying to get to is there were some things that happened in the quarter which were likely not planned. I’m just trying to kind of navigate through this kind of unknown territory, right. But at the end of the day, other than the kind of changes that you talked about in Partner Brands, you seem to have kind of come in -- it wasn't like anything that happened was so surprising. And so, you just laid out Partner Brands and why they were down. Just I mean that would have been some declines I would think normally that you would have had in the quarter. But was there anything kind of specific related to Toys“R”Us or inventories or anything that would have hit Partner Brands harder than the others?
Brian Goldner: No, I think that, again, year-on-year, we're up against these major initiatives. I think the notion of being a disruptive year is disruptive in a lot of ways. I guess the attention and focus on Toys“R”Us and moving to Toys“R”Us has people missing the fact that we're also up against some entertainment initiatives. I think it's important, to your point -- if you look at the US business, it's really leading the transformation of a company through this year. Both Franchise Brands and Gaming for us were up double -- Gaming was up double-digits. Franchise Brands were up. Our Emerging Brands are up overall. But Partner Brands are down but I think with good reason. And then, of course, we are focused on cleaning up any remaining inventories around all of our brands. And there are some Partner Brand inventories we're also cleaning up alongside of other inventories, particularly in Europe where in Europe our entertainment-led brands from the company do particularly well across Europe. And we have a lot of entertainment initiatives for 2019, as Deb said. So, we have a real commitment here to finalize and conclude all these inventory issues by end of the year. So, we're really set up well for what is a very robust entertainment year across our Partner Brand portfolio.
Felicia Hendrix : Yes. Okay. Thank you. And then just for Christmas, consensus estimates call for a flat revenue growth. That seems kind of optimistic at this point. Do you agree with that?
Brian Goldner: I think -- look, I think we're heading into a very strong holiday season. We have a lot of new initiatives set up. I think our goal is -- again, it will be the continued momentum in the North American business. We mentioned that the Canadian business was up in Q3 in both sales as well as sell-through revenues and sell-through. And that was because we had mitigated the retail situation because there’s new ownership of Toys“R”Us. So, what I think you're seeing is that our brands are really resonating with consumers, whether you see the online sales when you get out of the brick disruption, whether you see it in Canada and now Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Smith's has taken over that business. It's following rather quickly to what Canada looks like. So, as we go through these transitions, our underlying business is quite strong. Our brands are good. Consumers are very excited about what we're doing. It's just that, again, we've got to get through the disruption of the Toys“R”Us business. And as I mentioned, Toys“R”Us was largest for us in Q3 last year followed by Q4.
Felicia Hendrix : And then last quarter, you said that you would expect to fully offset Toys“R”Us by the first quarter of '19. Is that still realistic? I know in your prepared remarks, you said it would take a few more quarters.
Brian Goldner: Well, the reason we mentioned that Toys“R”Us takes a few more quarters is there's been a delay in the resolution of the Asian business of Toys“R”Us. As you know, the two owners are still trying to resolve their differences. And obviously, Asia and Toys“R”Us is -- Toys“R”Us performs frankly best around the world and Asia. So, that's an area for us where we'd like to continue to move forward with new ownership. And we're waiting for that resolution. And that's why we've left it out there that it may take a couple of quarters. But also remember that in Q1 last year, we did make some shipments to Toys“R”Us in the US and other markets that have subsequently liquidated because, again, at that time, Toys“R”Us had not announced their liquidation. So, we're just, again, framing for people. The fact is, we were in business with Toys“R”Us, albeit at a much lower level in Q1 of 2019. And the biggest quarters of impact versus year ago certainly are this quarter and next quarter. Next quarter is less than this quarter was a year ago. But again, just framing it out for folks.
Felicia Hendrix : So, maybe US first quarter but then dealing with Asia, probably fully through by second quarter?
Deborah Thomas: Well, I think we and the management there would hope so.
Felicia Hendrix : Okay. We don't know.
Deborah Thomas: It's taking a bit longer to get this actual ownership transition resolved than anybody anticipated. The only thing I would say about the quarter is just beyond Toys“R”Us is we are seeing the new retailers that are taking these orders are paying up this share. Some of them -- it's just the cadence is a bit different as how close they take it to when they want it. So, just from a cadence standpoint, we're looking at that. And we'll talk more about that at Toy Fair. But that's the only thing I would add beyond Toys“R”Us.
Felicia Hendrix : Okay. Thank you. And then two just quick housekeeping. Deb, how should we think about the $30 million to $40 million in savings spread across 2019 and 2020? And then I was just wondering what tax rate we should use for 2019?
Deborah Thomas: Well, we haven't given any guidance for 2019 for the tax rate yet. But I would say we expect to be slightly -- and when I say slightly, I mean slightly above the 15% to 17% for this year. And right now until we actually get all our budgets rolled together, we'll talk more about that at Toy Fair. I think that's a fair estimate to use for '19 as well, absent anything more specific. But -- and I'm sorry, I completely lost the other part of the question because I was thinking about …
Felicia Hendrix : Oh! How we should spread the $30 million to $40 million in savings across '19 and '20?
Deborah Thomas: Oh! Sorry. Yes. I was thinking about the tax rate. And you got me thinking about '19 tax rates now, Felicia. Thank you.
Felicia Hendrix : I'm just excited about that.
Deborah Thomas: Always my fun this early in the morning. But no, no. And again, I have to add -- because my head of tax would say absent anything else the US government comes out with to clarify tax reform more. But the $30 million to $40 million, we expect to achieve that full run rate by 2020, you will see some of it phasing-in in 2019. And some of it's just a bit about just timing. And we'll try to give some more guidance on the phasing of that when we get to Toy Fair as well.
Felicia Hendrix : Okay. For now, would it be fair if we just spread it 25% in '19 and then the rest in 2020 or something like that?
Deborah Thomas: We'll give more guidance in our 10-K and at Toy Fair.
Felicia Hendrix : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Badishkanian : Great. Thanks. I am wondering if -- did you mention that ex-Toys“R”Us that POS was up globally? Did I hear that right?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, if you take without Toys“R”Us, year-to-date POS was up globally. POS was also up including Toys“R”Us globally year-to-date. In the US, without Toys“R”Us -- because that's where really the biggest impact -- yes, POS was up in the quarter and in year-to-date. And in fact …
Greg Badishkanian : No. I'm just going to ask you to quantify it up how much in the US?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, if you take, it was up in the single-digits in the quarter. And it was up across our Gaming Brands, Emerging Brands, Partner Brands. Again, it's without Toys“R”Us. And year-to-date, without Toys“R”Us, it's up mid to high single-digits across the board in every category.
Greg Badishkanian : Alright. Good. And I know you gave some detail on the Partner Brands and entertainment impact. In terms of your company-owned Franchise Brands, was there any one or two brands that surprised you in terms of retail performance?
Brian Goldner: Well, we're seeing great performance as we've expanded our retail channel footprint and continue to drive innovation with brands like PLAY-DOH. Really we’re seen that brand accelerate. It's one of our most global brands at very consumable price points. And the brand has performed very well. Really starting to build that momentum with a new array of product and new digital marketing orientation using social scraping and social listening. So, again, I think it's our new trend in the way we approach our brands and approach innovation. It was up sizably in the US but it was up all around the world. And so, as we expand our retail footprint, it's one of the brands that goes not only online with a quite sizable growth but also to a lot of new channels of retail as everyone can participate in PLAY-DOH's innovation, creativity, fun, and growth of the brand.  And then in addition -- sorry. In addition, the Gaming business is doing quite well. MONOPOLY was up considerably behind both the original and the Cheaters Edition. MAGIC: THE GATHERING in our Franchise Brands has performed quite well. We've talked about that. And again, we're very excited also about a lot of our new initiatives, what we call our quick strike initiatives which have driven growth in the emerging brands segment of the business. But people are very excited about and we're seeing great response to brands like LOST KITTIES and YELLIES and others.
Greg Badishkanian : Yes. Good. Alright. That's helpful color. Thanks for running that out. And then just finally, any thoughts on the last-minute kind of shopping patterns for the year? So, Toys“R”Us was usually the place to go to get gifts ahead of Christmas. What does that mean for this year? Where do you think the shoppers go for that last-minute gift purchase?
Brian Goldner: I'd say our team has done a fantastic job in working with all of our retailers. As we spoke to you last quarter, we were just in the midst of presenting those plans. And now, we're really seeing them come to fruition as we end the third quarter and enter the fourth quarter. Many of those retailers do merchandise toward the holidays later than a toy specialist who would have product on shelf beginning in July or August. And we're very excited about the expansion of retail space we're seeing at our major partners and retailers. You're going to see very exciting in-store experiences, expanded footprints, very exciting online efforts where we're bringing a lot of digital marketing forward. And so, I think that you're going to see, as I mentioned earlier, a linear footage for the toy industry that's quite sizable and very comparable to a year ago once we get into these last eight weeks of the year. And it's very exciting to see our brands come to life across our portfolio.
Greg Badishkanian : Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your questions.
Jaime Katz : Hi. Good morning. I'm curious about some of the forward-looking strategy that you guys talked about. You discussed modernizing the global organization. And I'm interested in hearing exactly sort of what that means and what the top priorities might be for that strategy. And that seems to be spurred also by these changing consumer behaviors that were mentioned in the slide deck that you guys offered. And I'm wondering if there's something secular that you guys have seen or are we just talking more of the shift to online purchasing and then the interest in more digital product offerings than in the past? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Hey, you're really seeing a transformation of our business across every area, in design and development, the way we go about storytelling and ensuring that we have great stories on every screen, from short form and social media, all the way through bespoke content. The way we're marketing, it used to be that digital marketing was one area of expertise that was in one part of one group in the company. And now digital marketing is embedded across the company. Data analytics and the way that we look at replenishment and working on online algorithms to ensure that our brands are available to people as they search for products for gifting, social listening and social scraping as not only ways to understand what people are doing and how to respond with great product but also so that we understand immediate responses to marketing communications we're putting out and how do we amend those or change those communications to optimize that for the consumer. We also really are forging new ground in content to commerce. This is where you're able to watch and stream content and make decisions. Literally, just click on the content with a chance to purchase product. We're seeing that really begin to work. And we've built great capabilities there. So, this is literally shoppable social content. I talked a bit about that. And we think this is the next new area where people will shop off their mobile phones. And then, of course, we’ve built the expertise for the teams because again an online -- global online team that's focused on the trends within online shopping, the channel teams that are focused on how do we expand our footprint with a product development strategy that allows us to get to different price points and different feature sets for products and different play patterns. So, again, across the board, we're seeing great progress here. And in Europe, we're marrying the strong progress that we've shown in North America. And that's all part of some of the changes we've made. The other thing is we have great leadership across our company. And our teams are quite strong with experts in so many new areas. And they want an opportunity to lead. And we want to give them an opportunity to lead at our company. And so, we've made changes organizationally to enable that to happen.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum : Okay. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Brian, can you talk about the product lineup and licensing program you had for Bumblebee relative to other TRANSFORMER films and how you'd expect the sales cadence to progress relative to prior TRANSFORMER film cycles?
Brian Goldner: Sure. First of all, Bumblebee just began setting on shelves first in the US just in early October. We're already seeing very strong results out of the gate, albeit early days. And our fans are responding quite positively to the product that they've gotten thus far. Our major retailers have identified the property as a top-level property because it not only has great toy and game lineups but consumer products. Our teams are supporting it with digital games as well. And Backflip is offering new effort -- new elements within its EARTH WARS mobile game. The cadence is that the film comes out at the end of December in many markets. And then it will be a bit later in January in some markets. And we're still waiting on getting our date in China which is typical until later you go, and you show the film in China. And then they'll make a decision on the date. But certainly, it will happen likely after the New Year. And there are a few other territories where, for competitive reasons and for retail reasons, it's coming after the New Year. So, the brand’s impact -- the movie’s impact on the brand will certainly [Audio Gap] quarter and in the first quarter. And then, of course, the home entertainment windows for all of these brands, our Partner Brands, and certainly for Bumblebee are more pronounced than ever before as more people are watching entertainment at home. And we would expect that to come in the first half of next year, the home entertainment to come in the first half of next year. And this is all part of new storytelling around TRANSFORMERS and will continue with new television which is launched as well and also stream content for fans. And so, the brand has a robust lineup. And as we mentioned, in the US where we are a bit ahead on the strategy, TRANSFORMERS was up double-digits in the quarter.
Drew Crum : Got it. Okay. And then just shifting gears or going back to MAGIC: The Arena, I know it's still very early days, but have you identified or are there any other game properties or IP in the portfolio that lend themselves to a PC, digital-based, free-to-play format? And if so, is that an area of investment for the company going forward?
Brian Goldner: Yes. This has been an area of investment for us because remember that for MAGIC: Arena, we want to continue to listen to our fans, the gamers who are playing. So, it's constantly iterating the game. Think of games as a service versus a game that you just launch for those listening that -- so, they understand that we'll constantly be iterating and investing in the game and expanding the game in multiple ways to allow them to play on multiple formats. So, it begins as PC game, but you're certainly going to see opportunities to play on every screen for MAGIC: THE GATHERING in a digital format. And you'll also see esports as a major pillar of growth for MAGIC: THE GATHERING go forward. As I said, competitive gaming has been part of MAGIC's DNA since our first Pro Tour in the '90s. And we see that as an opportunity. In addition, other brands, DUNGEONS and DRAGONS and a few other brands also represent an opportunity in that immersive game playing arena. And we're very excited about the early results. And we'll certainly give you further updates as we head to our analyst meeting early next year.
Drew Crum : Okay. Great. And then just one last one. Deb, the $50 million to $60 million of charge you expect to take in the fourth quarter, how much is that cash?
Deborah Thomas: That's all cash.
Drew Crum : It's all cash. Okay. Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Susan Anderson with B. Riley FBR. Please proceed with your questions.
Susan Anderson : Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just a follow-up on all of the questions on Toys“R”Us. Just curious, do you think that -- you had thought that you would be able to recapture all of those Toys“R”Us sales over time. Has that changed at all? Is the industry not going to go back to the same levels that it was at or is it just recapturing at a slower rate than you expected? And then I guess as we look out to 2019, is there market share opportunity maybe from some smaller manufacturers that sold at Toys“R”Us that don't really have the same opportunity to distribute elsewhere?
Brian Goldner: Yes. No, I still and we still believe over time that we'll recapture the Toys“R”Us share. And in fact, there's nothing per se about this year that changes our belief about that. Obviously, in entering the second half of the year, you're up against big Toys“R”Us comparable numbers from a year ago. But again, as we move through the year, we're seeing other retailers step up. Our goal is to continue to partner with retailers globally. The one area that was a bit behind was just -- was in Europe because again we wanted to make sure that we made changes to the organization, to our approach to the market, our capabilities and also of course ensure that we exited all excess inventory by year end. And we're doing that. That's our plan. Then again, there are other retailers in the UK that have had some issues. And the team has worked to expand its strategy, the channel strategy to go after new online and omni-channel retailers. And again, that changes the way you send product to them and the weeks of inventory. But again, over time, we believe the demand for toys and games has been robust. The industry has continued to grow. What you're really seeing is the short-term disruption, as we've described.
Susan Anderson : Great. And then the increased space allocation you're seeing from some of the big retailers, I guess does that change after holiday or do they plan on keeping a higher level of space dedicated to toys after holiday also?
Brian Goldner: Oh! I think that Deb mentioned this earlier. I think it's important to note that the cadence of quarters will change over time as our retail channel strategy and retail footprint continues to expand but with different channels of retail without a big toy specialist in the US. That just changes the cadence of when product may hit shelves. Our retailers are very excited about market share opportunity in the second half of this year. Recognize that at retail, Toys“R”Us represented about $3.5 billion opportunity at this holiday for share recapture. And as we go forward, our goal, and we said before, is to not recapture all of those dollars this year but rather ensure that our partnerships with retailers enable them to see the success of being invested in the toy business and our business in particular and that as we go forward, having story-led brands that come out throughout the year in addition to other Franchise Brands and Gaming initiatives that come out throughout the year enables us to have great products to get behind and great initiatives to get behind throughout the year. That will become increasingly important, as we've said that story-led brands and entertainment-led brands become increasingly important. And that entertainment might just be social content or stream content or it may be bespoke episodic television or motion pictures. But increasingly to get a 12 month support from global retailers, the consumer insights tied to storytelling are critical.
Susan Anderson : Great. And then just one last one. Maybe if you could talk about the changes you made at the corporate level. Where were these changes and how should we think about the impact on the business? Maybe if you could just provide a little bit more color on realigning the business that would be great?
Brian Goldner: Sure. The way I view the changes is that over the last decade, we've been reinventing and reimagining our go-to-market approach. We're constantly mining consumer insights, shopper insights, retailer insights. And our north star has always been the Brand Blueprint over the last decade. We on-boarded a lot of new capabilities across the company. Recognize that half of our employees to date are new to the company over just the last six years. And these new experts are increasingly leading across design and development, storytelling, marketing, data analytics, social listening, and other new areas like shoppable social content. So we felt -- given the current environment, we felt there was an opportunity to make a step change in our organization and to go faster. And yes, there are some cost savings. But this also allows us to continue to invest in our team, in our brands and our capabilities. What I love about Hasbro employees is that they want to lead, and increasingly, they're being put in leadership positions that they both desire and deserve. This is all part of a comprehensive plan to return to growth in 2019 and beyond. And so, we had a strong commitment to diversity in our teams globally, a strong commitment to female leadership across the company. But that's really the context for the changes we've made to the organization. 
Susan Anderson : Great. That's helpful. Thanks so much. Good luck next quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim Conder : Thank you. I wanted to circle back on the company level inventories. Looks like good control progress there. One quick question. Did you all bring in or did you see any vendors that were on this side would have helped sales take any product deliveries in Q3 that would have potentially boosted your own inventories a little bit or boosted sale? Just trying to beat any unknown incremental tariffs. So, that's one question. And then related to future tariffs, we don't know what List 4 will be if it will even be implemented. But if it was 10% or whatever, how much would that impact you, as we would assume it would largely be just on business coming to the US?
Deborah Thomas: Well, from an inventory standpoint, we had some small markets and new markets actually that accounted for that. If you take the FX impact out, our inventories were down. However, markets like India were trying to beat some -- not beat some but get ahead of some additional costs there. So, we see some increases in some of those newer emerging markets for tariffs.  But with respect to the US, we did not see any. And Brian, do you want to comment on the future tariffs or we continue to -- I'll do it. We continue to look at the list and what could potentially be on it. We have markets that have tariffs now. The biggest was Brazil. They've had them for a while. And it just kind of adds to the price that's on top of what the import costs are and that impacts the consumer. So, we continue to watch. We can't react immediately. But we continue to look at where we're manufacturing product. Right now, about 25% of our product is manufactured in the US, and we just continued of what’s sold in the US. And we continue to look at moving our product to other markets. We've had a global supply chain project ongoing for a while now. But it's most important for us to have good quality, safe products, as we move them outside of markets that could be subject to tariffs.
Brian Goldner: And I think, Tim, it's important to note that this fall for the first time we'll have PLAY-DOH manufactured in the US. And Deb said that I think we're probably among the leader in committing to make product here in the US for our market at 25%. That's quite sizable for the size of our market. And again, we're looking at new markets all the time and have expanded into new countries. And today, about 70% of our products made in China for global market and it will probably be closer to 60% out of China over the next year or two.
Tim Conder : Okay. No -- and very helpful. Thank you. Deb, any color on the dollar amount that the new licensing agreement contributed to Q3, the Entertainment segment?
Deborah Thomas: If you look at the increase, the increase really was made up of executing that agreement and the MY LITTLE PONY movie. We also had some revenue recognition shift, again that's a shift. Between the quarters, we've had that every year. But I won't specifically say what the amount was.
Tim Conder : Oh! Okay. Well, yes. You said that before. That's why I wanted to get a little color on the specific amount but okay. And then lastly, you said globally or just in the EU, you thought you'd have the channel inventories cleaned up. And I guess more focused on LatAm and if you had any issues at all in China or not?
Brian Goldner: Yes, I'd really say that we've said throughout the year that our inventory issues, the bulk of our inventory issues really were in Europe. We entered the year with too much inventory as we exited last year on certain initiatives with too much inventory. But again, the issues for this company had been focused around Europe. And we've now accelerated and are ensuring we're executing a plan to conclude those inventory issues at the end of this year.
Tim Conder : Okay. Thank you, both.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Ray Stochel : Great. Thanks for taking my question. So, for new retailers or additional shelf space being added after Toys“R”Us liquidations, do you have any sense as to what your incremental market share would be? And then can you say philosophically whether you think competitors are attacking this a little more aggressively but with maybe less of a long-term view than you guys had? And then one additional question on that profitable growth for 2019. Is that with or without or both adjusting severance in 4Q ‘18? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yes. We've developed expanded channel strategy. But that begins with changing our product development strategy. So, again, the goal in driving profitable growth is to make the right product at the right price point for different retailers who go to market for different prices. So, if you're working with a dollar store retailer, obviously, you need to make a product that you can sell, and they can sell profitably for that price point. And so, that's taken a couple of years for us to develop. And now, we're able to take those products and move them around the world to different kinds of retailers. And we have a long-term commitment to continue to expand our channels. We also have a very strong commitment to and great success and momentum in our fan business. And we're focused on the fan economy, both direct-to-the-consumer as we've done products like our Sail Barge through HasLab and continue to communicate directly with the fans of our great brands and then increasingly through our retailers who focus on fans. There are several retailers out there who have added Hasbro products to their lineup because again they have gamers and fans of comic book brands, MARVEL brands that come to their stores. And therefore, MARVEL, Star Wars, and other collector-oriented products are perfect for their stores. And so, we continue to look at ways to expand our connection to those audiences. I mentioned earlier to going to new channels of retail for sporting goods around our NERF business and again in games -- a growing array of retailers are committed to our games business. And we're also developing new exclusive ranges of products to ensure that retailers can get behind our properties and products and they can have a unique positioning with those brands.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Linda Bolton-Weiser with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Bolton-Weiser : Thanks. So, you alluded to some of the challenges in terms of supply chain in supplying a greater variety of types of retailers as you replace the lost TRU volume. Do you expect the actions you need to take along those lines to be completed this year or are you expecting to take some actions next year on a longer-term basis just to kind of adjust your supply chain situation in the US accordingly?
Brian Goldner: Yes. As we mentioned, we're adding a Midwest warehouse which will enable us to manage that part of our business more effectively. We think that that will really help us to achieve our objectives. Recall, in the third quarter it’s probably our peak shipping period for product this year. And typically, Q3 is quite a high level. We just needed more doors of our -- if you think about warehouses and doors, we needed more doors. We have more differing kinds of retailers we're sending product to. They're not all full truckloads. Some of them are less than truckload full shipments.  By putting a Midwest warehouse out there, we actually get cost savings because we're reducing the mileage to our retailers' distribution centers by more than 40% in doing that. And we believe that new warehouse footprint will really enable us to achieve our objectives in the US. And we'll continue to look at our global warehouse strategic plan as we go forward, as other markets adopt more of the capabilities we've seen work so well in North America. And that may have an impact on where we put warehouses.
Linda Bolton-Weiser : Okay. And then can I just ask about next year? I know you don't want to go into too much about next year, but when we think about POWER RANGERS, it sounds like you're going to be recording that in Emerging Brands. It surprises me being that it could have a substantial revenue opportunity and you're going to treat it as an important franchise. So, can you just talk about when we could first see revenue? Would that be in April or very small revenue in the second quarter? Is there any way you can just talk about the POWER RANGERS expectations for what you're doing with that next year?
Brian Goldner: Sure. First, you're already starting to see some of the POWER RANGER licensing revenues come into the company. And we indicated that in our Entertainment and Licensing business. And then in terms of toys and games product sales, that really begins in Q2 next year. There's a sell-off period for the prior product which is first quarter. We feel like putting POWER RANGERS in the Emerging Brand category is a good place to start. But you're right. It certainly in our estimation is a Franchise Brand in the making. And we're hoping and we're certain that our great team that is working on that brand out of the West Coast is very focused on ensuring that brand becomes a Franchise Brand in the future.
Linda Bolton-Weiser : And then just for Deb, on the cash flow guidance for the year, I think you had $600 million to $700 million projected previously for the year. Should we think of that as $500 million to $600 million of operating cash flow for the year?
Deborah Thomas: Well, I think on average, we did say $600 million to $700 million. I think that given the way the operations are going right now, we're probably closer to the lower end of that range. And maybe we'll be a bit below it, but we don't see it as a significant reduction to that range right now.
Linda Bolton-Weiser : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson : Hi. Good morning. I have three questions, but they're very quick. I just want to clarify. So, margins next year, the comparison is GAAP or is it adjusted?
Deborah Thomas: We will highlight that at Toy Fair. However, our expectation would be that they are adjusted margins. I mean that's typically what we talk about.
Gerrick Johnson : Okay. Great. And the organizational changes, can you tell us exactly where they were, how many people, and what they did?
Brian Goldner: So, the organizational changes in total represented a mid single-digit percentage of our global workforce. The changes were global in nature, really about as I indicated earlier, ensuring that we're able to continue to evolve the organization. We saw an opportunity to step change the evolution, to move more quickly. We have some incredible leadership across all the disciplines that I noted. And certainly, as we continue to change the nature of our business, where we're selling product, how we're selling product, the changes to the organization are reflected in that.
Gerrick Johnson : Okay. Thank you. And then just on MAGIC, I know you're not going to give us revenue forecast or targets. But perhaps you can tell us a little bit about how that will be monetized. Will it be free-to-play? Also, when exactly is it supposed to launch? And was it ever expected to launch in 2018? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Sure. So, that Open Beta effectively is open to everyone. So, it's just the Open Beta as opposed to being on the market really is more of a delineation of when we begin our major marketing in earnest. So, if you'd like to play the product, it's available in Open Beta. And anybody who is listening can certainly go play the product. And if you’re not -- if you can't play the product, you can simply go on Twitch and watch the product being played and see the very favorable responses we're getting from gamers. So, the big pivot between Open Beta and the product on the market is just when we really begin marketing the product for the marketplace.  In terms of when we're going to go, I think all these games -- we want to allow the team at Wizards to set the cadence. Obviously, we're taking all the feedback from our gamers. It's a free-to-play game. So, you can play the game for free. And then there are microtransactions that take place throughout the game play that are ways that we monetize the game play.
Gerrick Johnson : Great. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll return the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob. And thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our Investor website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our Investor website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - VP, Investor Relations Brian Goldner - Chairman & CEO Deborah Thomas - EVP, CFO & Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs Stephanie Wissink - Jefferies Arpine Kocharyan - UBS Greg Badishkanian - Citi Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Bank Drew Crum - Stifel Jaime Katz - Morningstar Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Linda Bolton-Weiser - D.A. Davidson Eric Handler - MKM Partners Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Susan Anderson - B. Riley FBR
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our investor website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our investor website. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which include these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 2018 is unfolding as expected as our teams managed the liquidation of Toys“R”Us in many markets and addressed the rapidly evolving European retail landscape. As anticipated, revenues were down in the quarter, reflecting both lower Toys“R”Us revenues and the impact of its liquidation on the marketplace. Importantly, consumer takeaway remains positive, and retailer inventories declined. We were ranked number one in the G 11 markets every month in 2018 through May according to NPD and we are investing to deliver break frame innovation, compelling entertainment and a modern commercial organization. We’ve also maintained good operating margins; despite expense deleverage resulting from lower revenues. In addition to investing back in our business, we’ve returned excess cash to our shareholders this year, with an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend and the repurchase of approximately $113 million of Hasbro shares through the first two quarters. We anticipate repurchasing additional shares opportunistically throughout the second half of the year, which will take our total purchases beyond the $150 million target we previously communicated. With Toys“R”Us out of the U.S. market, retailers are executing meaningful plans to capitalize on the opportunity. This includes expansion of existing retailers, significant online programs, as well as new retailers delivering on unique consumer offerings. As we said before, we don't expect to recapture all of the lost revenue in 2018, but by 2019, we should have moved beyond Toys“R”Us. In Europe, our team is effectively addressing the evolving retail environment, which is characterized by a rapid growth in online purchases and the changing dynamics of brick-and-mortar retailing. The closing of Toys“R”Us in most markets coupled with additional retailer bankruptcies and ongoing retail challenges is impacting our European business and the industry in Europe this year. In fact, according to NPD toys and game sales in Europe are down through May. We also began 2018 with too much inventory at retail in a number of brands. These factors created a near term situation, which we anticipate will take through the remainder of 2018 to resolve. We accelerated our investment to create a modern commercial organization in Europe, with the right cost base for this new omni-channel marketplace. Our Brand Blueprint enables us to capitalize on this converged retail consumer behavior by delivering content to commerce, digital marketing and innovative product offerings across all channels of retail. Online point-of-sale for Hasbro products continues to grow at a rate several times faster than overall, retail. We've established a global online team to ensure that we are investing in the analytics, supply chain, and consumer programs which drive profitable growth. We are investing in digital media and marketing to develop direct-to-consumer engagement around the world. We are also creating online exclusive products and programs to support many of our retailers, including Walmart and Target and retail event such as JD.com's J.D. Day Amazon’s Prime Day and 11/11 Ali Baba singles day. We established a global channels team focused on the opportunity beyond mass retail, toy specialty and online. Activating across new channels begins with product development to create the right brands, products and price points for each channel and retailer, supported by the best retail partnerships and executions. We’ve made significant progress in the U.S. over the past few years, and this is the roadmap our regions are following and executing locally. In 2018, Consumer Takeaway is up for Hasbro franchise brands, Hasbro Gaming and Partner Brands. During the quarter, we acquired Power Rangers, further enhancing our story led brand portfolio. We see tremendous opportunity to expand this iconic property with a broader, more innovative line, which we will further develop both geographically and more deeply across retailers, while executing around Hasbro's brand Blueprint, including consumer products digital gaming and multiscreen content. Our line will be in the North American market in spring 2019, and will then roll out around the world. 2019 will be a transition year as retailers sell through the prior product. By 2020, the team will be well on its way to fully activating Power Rangers across the entire blueprint. Hasbro’s gaming portfolio is one of our biggest long-term opportunities. In the second quarter, our total gaming category revenues, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY grew 14% with growth in both of these franchise brands as well as growth in DUNGEONS and DRAGONS, DUEL MASTER, JENGA and DON’T STEP IN IT. Point-of-sale increased in the quarter and through the first six months. Hasbro is uniquely positioned to grow in face-to-face gaming, with our Wizards of the Coast Portfolio and in Digital Gaming. MAGIC: THE GATHERING had a strong second quarter, driven by growth in Dominaria released earlier this quarter as well as double-digit increase in new player’s year-over-year. DUNGEONS and DRAGONS continue to deliver revenue growth as fans reengage with this brand and it attracts new players. MONOPOLY grew behind consumer insight driven innovation, including the all new Cheater's Edition. In the second half of this year, we will further support the property with several new launches. In 2018, there are several new games based on social insights, including Don't Lose Your Cool, Chow Crown and Connect Four Shots. This quarter, we’ve taken the social listening and faster market approach beyond games, with the successful launch of Lost Kitties and Lock Stars within our emerging brands portfolio. In our franchise brand portfolio, in addition to our games brands, Baby Alive revenues increased in the quarter. Our second annual NERF FEST is starting now. After a successful debut last year, we made this a global marketing and retail event taking place in 37 different markets, featuring seven new innovative blasters. In addition, we recently announced the highly anticipated NERF Laser Ops Pro. We continue to execute our multi screen content strategy for TRANSFORMERS, with new product innovations supporting each of our unique stories. In addition to our feature film TRANSFORMERS, Bumblebee coming in December, we have a new kid targeted animated series “Transformers Cyberverse” this fall airing on Cartoon Network. We also continue with our fan targeted Power of the Prime Series and pre-school targeted Rescue Bots series with all new content and product innovation. Our animation studio is producing both the Transformers Cyberverse and Rescue Bot series. Paramount and Hasbro's Allspark Pictures are exploring dates for future films in support of the TRANSFORMERS franchise. The shift from 2019 to a later date was driven by the final timing of the Bumblebee films theatrical release this December and the home entertainment window which takes place in 2019. Our partner brands also benefited from multiscreen entertainment with both BEYBLADE and the MARVEL portfolio delivering revenue growth and strong point-of-sale gains. Hasbro's Marble, Toy Line saw extremely positive results behind Avengers, Infinity War, as well as continued robust sales for Black Panther merchandise. In addition, Dead Pool, Ant Man & The Wasp, Venom and Spider-Man into the Spider Verse are being supported by robust product lines and strong retail and marketing programs. Star Wars revenue grew slightly in the quarter. In the U.S. point-of-sale was positive. Our product line for Image result for Star Wars story variety.com Solo: A Star Wars Story was well received by consumers as was our fan focus, Black Series and new vintage collection. Outside the U.S. we are successfully selling through carryforward inventory. In closing, our teams are working to develop multiyear growth plans with our retailers and we affirm our objective of delivering long-term profitable growth. Our brands have good momentum, and are supported with meaningful innovation, storytelling and marketing program slated for the remainder of the year. As we look beyond 2018, we expect to return to growth. 2019 is setting up to be a great year with engaging storytelling and multiscreen content along with new brand innovation and robust entertainment slate, including the launch of Power Rangers. I would now like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. Overall, the Hasbro teams delivered a good quarter, despite challenges in the market. Revenues and profits continue to be negatively impacted by the liquidation of Toys“R”Us, both in terms of lower revenues and the carry-on effective steep discounts on the market. While the biggest revenue impact is in the U.S. Toys“R”Us affected many markets around the world. The retailer closed in major markets such as the U.K. and Australia and created ongoing uncertainty in other countries as potential acquirers had been or in process of being secured. These countries include Canada, Germany, Austria and Switzerland and in Asia where the sale process is ongoing. Hasbro's diverse product portfolio helped offset the margin impact of lower revenues. Growth in gaming brands such as MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, DUNGEONS and DRAGONS and DUAL MASTERS combined with higher revenues in the entertainment and licensing segment positively impacted margins and helped to partially offset the deleverage we had fixed expenses in the quarter. Throughout the short-term disruption, our strong balance sheet has allowed us to continue investing for future long-term growth while also returning cash to shareholders. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash. This reflects cash payments of approximately $155 million for Power Rangers and the return of approximately $260 million to our shareholders through our dividend and share repurchases this year. Within our segments, the U.S. and Canada segment revenues declined 7% with lower revenues in all brand portfolio categories. Retail inventory is down and point-of-sale increased both with and without the impact of Toys“R”Us. U.S. and Canada segment operating profit declined in line with the revenue decline to $76.2 million or 16.6% of revenues. This was a 10 basis point improvement versus second quarter last year and operating profit margin. Favorable product mix offset the deleveraging of expenses from lower revenues. International segment revenues declined 11%, including a favorable $2.6 million impact from foreign exchange. Revenue declined in each region during the quarter. In Europe, in addition to the loss of Toys“R”Us in most markets, our teams are clearing through carry forward retail inventory. Changing retail dynamics in developed and emerging markets are also impacting our decisions around extending credit. Both factors negatively impacted revenue this quarter and we expect that they will have a continued impact for the remainder of 2018. Retail inventories are down meaningfully since the start of the year, but there is more work to be done. Currency had a favorable $6.2 million impact on European revenues. In Latin America, the political and economic environment disrupted the quarter. Currency devaluation had a $5.5 million dollar impact, notably in Mexico and Argentina and Brazil dealt with the trucking strike which made the delivery of goods difficult. We are still catching up. Despite the challenges, revenues grew 2% absent foreign exchange and point-of-sale was up in the quarter. In Asia Pacific, we were cautious with how we ship to Toys“R”Us Asia, but we continue working with them. In Australia, the retailers shut down in June. This region also faced difficult comparisons with last year's TRANSFORMERS movie as this franchise has a very strong heritage in Asia. Currency had a favorable $2 million revenue impact in the region. The international segment reported operating profit of the $173,000. The lower operating profit was primarily the result of lower revenues, which were unable to absorb fixed costs. We continue to look to right size our cost structure in line with the changing retail landscape. Entertainment and Licensing segment revenues increased 26%. As was the case last quarter, the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard impacts when we record revenues from our licensees. In addition to the ongoing success in our licensing and entertainment businesses, the adoption of this standard contributed to the segments higher revenues. The segment’s operating profit increased 64%. Overall, Hasbro operating profit margin declined 60 basis points. As we enter the most important half of our year, absent charges associated with Toys“R”Us and organizational changes, full-year operating profit margin could approach last year's level. Most importantly, we continue to see profit improvement opportunity in 2019 and beyond. Cost of sales declined 50 basis points. Favorable product mix from higher revenues in gaming brands such as MAGIC: THE GATHERING as well as Entertainment and Licensing revenues partially offset the impact of lower overall revenue. We expect the loss of Toys "R" Us, combined with continued pressure of higher retail inventories primarily in Europe to have a short-term impact on our gross margin for the full year 2018. However, we believe that over the next few years there is nothing prohibiting us from returning to a 62% gross margin. Royalty expense declined in dollars, and as a percentage of revenue on lower partner brand revenues. Intangible amortization was down year-over-year and included approximately $1 million associated with the acquisition of Power Rangers. We anticipate approximately $10 million in incremental amortization expense in the second half of 2018 due to the acquisition, and approximately $21 million in 2019. As Brian indicated, in 2019 we’ll begin to record revenue associated with our line for this brand. Program production amortization increased as we are amortizing “MY LITTLE PONY”, the movie production expense in addition to television programming. During the second quarter, we began contributing to financing films under our arrangement with Paramount, funding part of the production cost for Bumblebee. We will not begin amortizing any production costs in relation to this contribution until 2019. SG&A increased as a percentage of revenue primarily due to higher freight and warehousing expenses. The higher freight costs are mainly caused by new trucking regulations and driver shortages in the U.S. and the warehousing expenses, the result of higher inventories at our warehouses. Below operating profit, other income declined in the quarter, largely due to a greater loss on foreign exchange this year versus last. Our underlying tax rate absent discrete event was 17.4% compared to an underlying rate of 24.7% last year, and 19.9% for the full year 2017. The lower rate reflects the benefit of U.S. tax reform. We believe our full year underlying tax rate will be at the high-end of our previously communicated range of 15% to 17%. There were no tax reform updates this quarter, although we continue to expect additional guidance on tax reform that will require consideration and interpretation going forward. For the second quarter, earnings per share were $0.48. In mid June, we closed on our acquisition of Power Rangers and other entertainment assets from Saban Properties. At closing, we paid approximately $155 million in cash and issued approximately 3.1 million shares of common stock to Saban. We have remaining cash payments of $100 million due in 2019. Due to the timing of when the shares were issued, they had very little impact on our share count for the earnings-per-share in the quarter, but will impact shares outstanding going forward. During the second quarter, we repurchased $74.1 million in common stock, bringing our year-to-date repurchases to $112.9 million. We expect to continue opportunistically reproaching shares in the open market, and now expect to exceed our previously communicated target of $150 million for the year. Our full year repurchases could offset the shares issued in connection with the Power Rangers acquisition depending on market conditions. Actual shares outstanding at quarter end were $127.5 million and $565.1 million remained available in our current share repurchase authorization. Hasbro's balance sheet remains strong. Both our debt-to-EBITDA any EBITDA to interest’s ratios at 2.0 and 9.1 respectively are favorable to our targets. Receivables decreased 13% and days sales outstanding decreased to 74 days. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, receivables declined 10%. While Hasbro revenues were down point-of-sale increased and retail inventory of Hasbro product declined during the quarter. Our owned inventory increased primarily in the U.S. to support greater retailer activation in the second half of the year. Foreign exchange decreased the inventory value by $12.5 million. In Europe, inventory is down at retail and at Hasbro. We are through the first half of the year, which is the period when we anticipated the greatest disruption to our business. Now the real work begins. Our teams around the world are executing the biggest quarters of our year, including the holiday season. We are collaborating with retailers to activate our joint plans and the important toy and game categories, not just for successful 2018, but for many years to come. Our teams will be focused on managing costs in the year, we've lost a significant customer and faced geographic challenges. At the same time, we strategically investing to ensure we have the brands, entertainment and skill sets to be successful for years to come. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. First question is from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please state your questions.
Michael Ng: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I have one for Brian and one for Deb. First for Brian, it looks like the Wizards of the Coast and MONOPOLY revenue increased by $40 million combined, that’s a pretty meaningful acceleration, especially Q-on-Q. I was just wondering if you could help size the outperformance, whether that was from Dominaria versus Amonkhet or D&D and then I have a follow up for Deb.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well clearly we have seen great growth in both MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Monopoly. And for MONOPOLY, there are a couple of different initiatives that are going on there. We saw the gamer addition that began earlier this year, it’s continued to perform at a very high level, and then we launch the cheaters addition just recently and it’s off to a great start that will roll out nationally in the next couple of weeks. For MAGIC: THE GATHERING storytelling has always been the focus of the brand and in fact in the second quarter Dominaria performed at a very high level. The reception to Dominaria was very strong and we’ve continued to see great uptake in gamers and an increase in new gamers coming on board, which is fantastic. For the rest of the year, you'll see some new launches in Q3 and then again in Q4, we’re returning to some of the favorite territories for our games, fans. We continue to listen to our gamers and hear their feedback, and we’re also seeing in addition, the great increased in interest and the positive feedback for Magic Arena. We’ve now had more than a million people sign up for the closed beta and making great progress there, and we continue to get great feedback and the KPIs were quite good. So both brands are certainly contributing and we’re going to support those brands with additional initiatives for the remainder of the year.
Michael Ng: Great, thanks. And Deb, sorry if I missed this, but could you comment on how much the with Toys“R”Us and ex Toys“R”Us POS was up a global U.S. and international. And sorry, just Brian a follow-up, could you comment on with the margin differential looks like for MTG Arena versus the traditional card set. Are we talking hundreds of basis points or thousands of basis points better? Thank you.
Deborah Thomas: So from a POS standpoint, we did say that PO, global POS was up in the quarter and year-to-date with Toys“R”Us and without Toys“R”Us it was down a smidgen the quarter but up year-to-date.
Michael Ng: And Brian?
Brian Goldner: Yes so, if you look at the business, obviously MAGIC is very profitable business for us and we haven't communicated the difference, but clearly we’re investing in Arena right now, so you have the software investments and we want to continue to build and launch the brand successfully, but over time, clearly the software is accretive margin to the analog game.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephanie Wissink: Thanks. Good morning everyone. I just want to follow-up on Michael question regarding the gaming business and Magic Arena. Brian, could you talk a little bit about that platform and that software investment. Is it possible, you could leverage some of that for other properties in the future?
Brian Goldner: Well, we are certainly investing and continue to iterate for Arena. It’s very exciting to see as we are bringing on more capability to the number of people signing up in the closed beta and that our intention is we’ll launch Magic Arena this year, but then we’ll add to that a suite of other games around our MAGIC: THE GATHERING business as well. Dungeons and Dragons, which was also up in the quarter continues to see new gamers come on board at double-digit levels. And I think we are building the capability of the company across a number of different dimensions and face-to-face gaming in our analog games business and role-playing games. And then of course you know in the digital gaming arena, both – both in MAGIC: THE GATHERING, Wizards of the Coast, but also in mobile games. And we said that over time, as we had doubled the size of MAGIC: THE GATHERING over years, we felt that there was an opportunity to continue to grow that brand and overtime to double it again, and it's going to come from the suite of games that Chris and his team are leading, both the analog side with growth as well as these additional new digital games.
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you. Deb, if I could just ask one follow up on your operating margin commentary. I think on the first quarter call you said you would expect to achieve operating profit margins in line with 2017s level of 15.6%. On this call today, you said you thought you could approach last year's level. So might just be a small tweak in the wording, but could you maybe help us think about how your thinking about the operating margin target level for the year? Thank you.
Deborah Thomas: Sure, Steff. On – there was a slight change, and what we’re seeing is just some pressures on some of our gross margin items as we go forward. So while we say that and we look forward, you know, we think the teams executed very well this quarter. Our inventory at retail is down in every virtually every region. You know our held inventory is up and it's up to meet primarily in the U.S. to meet the expected demand for the rest of the year. However, we think that there could be just a bit of pressure on that, but most, we could see the levels of last year, but most importantly, we still firmly believe that we’re set up growth in operating profit after this disruption from Toys“R”Us kind of gets worked fully out of our system.
Stephanie Wissink: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, thank you good morning. In terms order book for the back half, would it be possible to quantify how much competitors are absorbing currently in terms of what you actually have on the order book, and then I have a quick follow-up question on operating margin.
Brian Goldner: Well Arpine, are you asking what our retailers are taking or do you say competitors?
Arpine Kocharyan: Right. It seems to me that initial interest was given by end of August in terms of big retailers in terms of what you're looking at linear feed today, what they've committed in terms of absorption from Toys“R”Us. What they are adding in linear feed, any color for the backup would be helpful.
Brian Goldner: Sure. While we are making significant and meaningful plans to capitalize on the opportunity with our retailers. Clearly, our major partners that we've been working with for years are stepping up in a number of different ways and that we are very excited about the plans that the team has put together in order for them to execute a share recapture plan recognizing the new U.S. alone. There's a $3.5 billion retail opportunity across the industry. And we have seen good industry growth year-to-date, so we expect that we – our retailers are excited about the opportunity and teams executing. I would say that between our major retailers that will -- are making plans and are stepping up, and the additional online opportunity as well as converge retail omni-channel opportunities and then some new retailers who are in many cases focused on specific audiences, whether that be gamers or fans or in the sporting-goods area, that you could see promotions and linear footage is similar to year ago. Now we’ve said, we expect to make significant progress this year, but we’re not suggesting that we are going to make up all the difference of Toys“R”Us this year. Because of course, we want to partner with all of our retailers to ensure that we not only get this great growth in their business but that that growth is sustainable over time so that we can be successful together as we continue to grow our business in the industry.
Arpine Kocharyan: Right, right now that’s helpful. And then just back to the operating profit margin, first half is obviously down, that would imply for you to come in flat year-over-year that would have to imply that back half has to be up something like 200 basis points. Is it that your Toys“R”Us disruption, your expectation from Toys“R”Us disruption is less? Or is it that there is some mix that's happening in the back half that gives you confidence, you can make up that operating profit margin differential for the back half?
Brian Goldner: Let me comment and I know Deb would comment as well. We have a lot of new initiatives coming in the second half of the year. We have a lot of new products. And we talk about our NERF business and NERF Fest we commented on. The lot of new product innovations, seven new blasters supporting 37 different markets across all the segments of NERF, so lot of innovative product coming into the marketplace. Obviously NERF enjoys strong operating margin given that's a franchise brand. We've seen great growth in BABY ALIVE. We've seen growth in our gaming portfolio. We continue to believe our games business will perform at a high level. So the mix certainly is beneficial as we continue to grow in these areas. And then as some of our issues continue to dissipate we work through the retail inventories and we work with our retailers again to build programs, all of that has a benefit and gives us leverage and operating margin.
Deborah Thomas: We are seeing some continued retail disruption particularly outside the U.S. and that's been impacting some our credit decisions and in some of the emerging markets as well where we've not been extending the credit. So, we still believe that we still strive for that profitable growth that Hasbro has been about for the past several years. You hear us talk about all the time. This year, there's just disruption because of Toys“R”Us and we continue to watch the retail environment, but fundamentally we still believe in a very focused on operating profit growth after we work through this disruption.
Arpine Kocharyan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Badishkanian: Thanks. Just few questions on Europe which is a little bit soft. Is it basically in line with the expectations and how much of the impact was from Toys“R”Us versus the retail dynamics there? Then also I think you mentioned NPD for the industry was down in the first half. How does the industry compared to Hasbro's POS?
Brian Goldner: On the industry side the industry was up year to-date about 6% and if you take our business we were up similarly year-to-date. When you take out the impact between Easter to Easter. So, in Europe our sales decline was greater than the industry and it was really driven the couple – there are couple of markets where the industry was down particularly in the UK and in France as was our business and we continue to work through that. I think was heartening if you look at the lineup is our retail inventories are down and our shipments are down far more than our sell-through. So we've been able to get to a better place where we have cleaner retail channels and now new initiatives coming in for the second half of the year. And so I see that the team making great progress partnering with retailers and set up well for a good second half.
Greg Badishkanian: And so that basically this is going according to expectations and did you mention Toys"R"Us impact?
Brian Goldner: Yes. The Toys“R”Us, remember the Toys“R”Us liquidated in -- Toys“R”Us liquidated in the UK and then in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, there's a new owner. And then in France, Spain and Poland we have almost no activity but no new owners, so our expectation is that that business goes away. And that what's going on in Europe. So there's the impact across a number of different markets. Then Deb mentioned there are some credit terms that we had to work out in some of the markets and particularly in our emerging-market business we want to ensure that we're working with new retailers that they can only take product but pay us for that product and that's been part of the process as we go through growth in the changing retail landscape where you have the acceleration of online retailing and omni channel retail and you do have certain retailers who are landlocked and unable to compete multi-nationally across Europe and so their at a disadvantage versus online retailers who have access to the entire EU. And so those are the dynamics that we're seeing shift and change and that's how we're partnering with different retailers to ensure that we have a good mix and the right programs through the holiday.
Greg Badishkanian: Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Bank. Please state your question.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. So you guys have given us some color as to where you're now and how do you think a bit about the rest of the year? But admittedly it's still a bit difficult to model? So I'm just wondering do you think that second quarter revenue declines will be the worst of the year, Deb, I know you said the worst is now behind? But I did want some help thinking through that clearly with Toys“R”Us liquidation complete in the U.S., the worst is behind, seems like Europe there been has some lingering and also I don't want to take the U.S. too for granted because how much inventory do you think is currently being stuck in consumers pantries as they took advantage of the Toys“R”Us liquidation which could affect holiday period?
Brian Goldner: Let me comment on the Toys“R”Us, the discussion about pantry. I'd say that remember that when Toys“R”Us was liquidating they didn't have access to any of the new initiatives that were coming for the second half of the year. We also have two big entertainment initiatives that come in a Spider-Man movie as well as our Transformers Bumblebee movie. The home entertainment windows come with new product around Avengers. We have additional product that's comes in the second half for Black Panther. So there's a lot of new product initiatives I noted, the new product initiatives for NERF and BABY ALIVE and really across the board. So that's not all -- that wasn't all at Toys“R”Us and certainly now we're working with our retailers on new product and new initiatives.
Deborah Thomas: And we've said from the beginning Felicia you're right that we felt the biggest disruption would be in the early part of the year. From Toys“R”Us, so I'm not going to comment on whether we expect Q3 or Q4 to be up, but we think the biggest percentage impact certainly from the decline is behind us, because we're going into the bigger quarters of the year. Everything gets kind of magnified in the first and second quarter. So we think after this year the disruption in total should be behind us which is really what we're focusing on.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Helpful. Thank you. And then, Brian, as you talk about your new retailer initiatives, I was just wondering if you could call out for us how much of that will be online versus brick-and-mortar? And then also how much of the Toys“R”Us business do you think transition for the other retailers? And how much do you think is lost permanently?
Brian Goldner: I really don't think long-term that that business is loss as the result of Toys“R”Us going from the marketplace. The reason in part is that Toys“R”Us for us wasn't a retailer, there been some discussion out there that it was a more profitable retailer, that's not the case. In fact we can work with all of our other retailers and incentivized to do that. We're agnostic about how we grow. I think you're going to see linear footage expand this holiday as it has in past holidays because people are very excited about giving fans and families the opportunity to shop and have that wonderful Christmas holiday experience and give kids and families the opportunity to see product on display and immersive entertainment experiences at retail. Certainly there will be increased online programs and omni channel programs. Our team is working on number of content to commerce initiatives and other ways of connecting. And clearly every retail visit is been informed by at least three quarters of them are being informed by some online shopping as well where people are trying to determine what it is they're interested in. They may have look at a short video or some piece of content or search for the product. So I think what we're really talking about and what we've try to mention a lot is that this idea of converge retail is really taking hold not only in the U.S. but around the world. And so what we're providing and the teams are working on is that digital engagement and the in-store engagement that marries up, that connects consumers to our experiences where consumer insights, innovations and those story led initiatives whether it be some bespoke content or user generated content because our fans are so engaged all contributes to the to the process of selling.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Helpful. And then just a finish on Power Rangers, as we begin to model that into the future, should we expect to be higher margin property versus your total operating margin?
Brian Goldner: It should -- Power Rangers over time and we've said that the team will have the full array of brand blueprint initiatives by 2020. And by 2020 and beyond it should look more like a Franchise Brand.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay.
Brian Goldner: Obviously it's a Franchise Brand in the making because it's new to us and we need a little time to work through 2019 transition year. But yes, in fact one of the points of rationale to acquire the brand is that it is a brand that should operate like a Franchise Brand in operating profit terms which as we know our Franchise Brands enjoy higher than company average operating margin, and also a significant opportunity for growth given where the brand had been most recently.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Brian, I wonder if you could comment on the potential for a tariff and any update on what Hasbro's doing in anticipation of that? And I think this is very topical little over year ago and you made the decision to move PLAY-DOH manufacturing to the U.S. And I think at the time you said you hope to have more then 3% of your manufacturing outside of China. So just want to get an update there? And then I have a follow-up.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Thanks. So we do have 30% of our manufacturing today outside of China and we'll head toward 40% over just the next few years. We're manufacturing in a number of territories. For the U.S., we source 25% of U.S. revenues in the United States in manufacturing locally across five different states. We'll add to that, the PLAY-DOH manufacturing that will come this fall we're gearing up for that now. And so that should add that to our revenues garnered from U.S. manufacturing for the U.S. And so again, the U.S. business overall still receives 35% of its products outside of China, but 65% from Chinese manufacturing, and again we are moving more production outside of China. We found some great new partners and territories that provide very high quality product that can meet with our specification. And in terms of the tariffs we've been working with and talking to the administration and our congressional delegations to ensure we're communicating just how terrible an impact the ongoing tariff or trade war would be. Thus far we've only seen nonmaterial changes to the tariff schemes of other countries that don't really impact our business. Our toy business is not been part of the 303 designation that is currently been put in place. But we continue to monitor the situation and we continue to talk and firmly believe in a free trade environment as the best course for our company and for the industry.
Drew Crum: Got it. Okay. Very helpful. And then going back to the Power Rangers side from your margin commentary and the guidance on the amortization, any detail you can provide in terms of revenue run rate you're expecting and I guess separate from that what are your plans in terms of content development and whether its television programming or feature films?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So we're really excited about the new series that's just in early development. Obviously, we're working with the team now on the creative, but it was already underway by the time we had made the transaction. And as of the Beast Wars for TV series that we'll launch next spring, we have an arrangement with Nickelodeon through 2021 for the U.S. and then the TV show is distributed more than 150 territories globally. We're then working in earnest that on the next TV series and how you reinvent the brand for 2020 and beyond. We do expect to also have motion pictures over the medium term, so we'll add and have new movie development as well, and we really do feel this brand is very right for creative development, for engaging with our fans, kids and families audience. And I think you're going to see some really exciting product from the team already. Just the 2019 lineup is a very robust. We were developing that as a licensee at first and we've shown that to retailers. They're very excited. And you have to recognize that a lot of the prior product and business was being done with few retailers and certainly not in a global footprint. So both from the depth and breadth of retail as well as the breadth of geographic territories where the product will now exist both gives us an opportunity for growth.
Drew Crum: And Brain, would you guys do the film in-house or is that something that you would outsource or partner with a larger studio?
Brian Goldner: Yes. You know again we have a great production team that's come on board. And as part of the acquisition we brought over the team that's been working on the creative. We're so excited that they're on board. We're also excited the Haim is continued as creative consultant. And if you recall the movie that was done in 2017 was done in partnership with a studio, so our expectation is we would do that in partnership with the studio and distributed it similarly recognizing that we'll pick the optimal budget and the optimal creative to ensure that it's a profitable endeavor for both us and our studio partner and that we make those investments prudently around content recognizing. We understand what the return looks like. We did it successfully with the MY LITTLE PONY movie in animation. And this one we of course would share with a studio partner.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I'm curious given that some of the working capital metrics that you guys report have improved? Are you guys still sticking with the 600 and 700 million in operating cash flow expectations for the year? Or do you may be think you can come in at high end or potentially even exceed that number?
Deborah Thomas: No. We still believe that our cash flow will be between 600 to 700 million and just given the pressure of on the year, we would probably be closer to the bottom end of that range than the top end.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then, can you remind me where the Paramount Bumblebee asset would be? Does that go into the other asset category and then you amortize it over time? I can't exactly recall the accounting process of that asset?
Deborah Thomas: Yes. It's in our other long-term assets and you'll see that that we had the payment go out in the cash flow this quarter, our contribution, our cash flow is up for program production cash flow this quarter. And then it will be amortized over time. There won't be amortization associated with that until for 2019 though.
Jaime Katz: Excellent. Thank you.
Brian Goldner: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Just a couple of questions. You've touched a little bit on Star Wars, but maybe what you're doing or potentially DISNEY is doing, as Star Wars appears to have kind of maybe hit a little bit of a wall of late. And then any comments on DISNEY PRINCESS? And then maybe Brian shifting to TRANSFORMERS, you commented someone on that obviously the difficult of year-over-year comp, but then the shift out of some of the properties. Are you looking leaning more towards a reboot or maybe just a little more colors you can give to us looking at over the next year or two here with the franchise?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Star Wars in revenue terms was up a bit in the quarter and we're seeing POS up in the high single-digits in the U.S. even ex Toys“R”Us and up higher if you include Toys“R”Us. We're also engaging across a number dimensions not only kid oriented product but the fan oriented products performing quite strongly in Black Series. We had a very successful launch of our HasLab product which was the sale barge if you recall where we crowd-funded that and we ended up with nearly twice as many subscribers as we had required in order to move forward with that product. And then of course Episode nine comes December 20, 2019. What I've said all along we still believe which is that with Star Wars having more and more regular entertainment and visibility to that entertainment that the brand would contribute at a more sustained higher-level and that's what we're seeing is that in fact Star Wars will probably look similar to a year ago and the days of surging in a movie year and shrinking in a non-movie year probably behind us instead it just becomes a really strong contributor year for year and quite good for us. In terms of TRANSFORMERS, really given the timing of Bumblebee and the fact that we were able to put this new movie together that came directly out of all the work we had done in the writers room with all of these great creative stewards and it contributed to the thought process of future TRANSFORMERS, we were then able to get Bumblebee out for Christmas this year. And as you know the home entertainment window will then follow by a number of months, so really would end up in 2019 certainly in the first half of 2019. So to put another movie right on top of the home entertainment window for the Bumblebee movie really didn't make sense. And then you combine that with the fact that we have a new partnership with some great new leadership at Paramount in Jim Gianopulos and with Godfrey and the team they are fantastic. And Andrew Gumpert is running that business for them. And we felt that we had an opportunity to bring in new creative to think about the brand both including the current chronology and outside the chronology recognize that Bumblebee is back in the 80s, that's a very important time period for both the brand as well for fans and we wanted to tell some new stories. And so it gives us the opportunity to tell really new stories around the brand and we have more than 30 years worth of cannon and we continue to invest in new comics and new animated series to ensure that we're making those equity investments in new mythology in cannon for the brand. And a lot of opportunity, lots of different direction we can go in for the creative and we're looking at a number of different ways we may go into the future.
Tim Conder: Okay, okay, helpful there. And DISNEY PRINCESS and then maybe one for Deb or Brian whoever wants to take this last one. The company inventories just wanted to revisit that. Deb you said it was primarily tilted towards and plan for the U.S., is that to maybe offset some potential tariff risk bringing that in earlier, smoothing out maybe the seasonal surge and freightenings, given that the challenges on freight for everybody? Or is there something else going on especially I guess given that POS continues to shift closer to consumer takeaway in Q4?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So let me comment on Princess and then I'll comment on inventory and certainly, Deb can also give you great detail. The Princess business is down year-on-year obviously we’re up against some very strong comps from year ago where we had great entertainment for Beauty and the Beast and MOANA and other television oriented properties. And again we're innovating in the product line. You're going to see some great new product innovation for the holiday period this year and we'll continue to see the promotion around airings of airings of Frozen and Olaf's Frozen Adventure. And then we go into 2019, we're very excited of course that the next Frozen movie comes next holiday and we'll build the business around that and obviously incredibly excited for that as a key driver of that property. In terms of inventory we've talked about the fact that we got beyond some of the Toys“R”Us liquidation and we have gotten completely beyond the Toys“R”Us with liquidation in the U.S. And now the team is working on bringing in new product for these third and fourth quarters. We've said that we probably hold a little bit more inventory because again we want to have the inventory on hand domestically to deploy closer to the time of sell-through. Also we're working through with our retailers, because as you move from brick-and-mortar retail where you have longer weeks supply to online retailer where you have about half as many weeks supply. When you do on omni-channel it sort of a hybrid of the two, so it sort of in between, and we want to make sure we have product on hand, so that's part of the move that you're seeing here. And if you looked at our DI inventory or the product that's been direct ship versus domestic, you're seeing a bit of a shift in percentage terms moving a little bit more to domestic versus the direct import business. And that's really all you're seeing there. So predominately that inventory is all. In the U.S. there is a bit of growth and inventory internationally as we've opened up the Indian market as well as Japan and so we need to service those markets and a couple other places around the world where we're seeing a great growth, but it's almost all out in the U.S.
Tim Conder: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Linda Bolton-Weiser with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: Hi. I was wondering if you could comment on MY LITTLE PONY and how that's doing, and if you are still seeing some benefits to that Brand Franchise following the movie? And then just in general could you comment on your growth portfolio just in terms of really not having a lot of owned brand in that area. Of course you have the licensed DISNEY PRINCESS, but do you feel that you have what you wanted in terms of own brands in the girls area? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: The MY LITTLE PONY brand has certainly benefited from the movie home entertainment windows and now the movies move from home entertainment into a lot of the streaming services, its performing quite well and we continue to see in markets around the world where the streaming is taking place and the brand continues to hold up quite well and the POS is good. Revenues were down a little bit in the quarter, but again, POS is quite strong as we move to the disruption and the liquidation at Toys“R”Us. Interestingly, as we've now gotten our TV series on the air on CCTV which is Chinese Television, we're seeing some great growth of MY LITTLE PONY in the China market behind that and you should expect to continue to see momentum in our brand as we've just launched the season eight in television and that will roll out around the world. And then again in the future we would expect to do another MY LITTLE PONY animated feature film, because again it contributed quite nicely and it's also a great way to tell story around that brand. We do have a great line up in our girl's portfolio. We continue to partner with the Walt DISNEY Company on Descendants, PRINCESS and FROZEN, and we're very excited about what's to come there. Obviously, we've also launched some fun new properties that appeal to both girls and boys and LOST KITTIES and LOCK STARS which are off to great starts. This is an area where we're using social listening and consumer insights to move quickly into the market. And again over time, FURREAL FRIENDS has been a contributor. So we again feel like we have a good lineup in our girls business. And then remember of course that BABY ALIVE is a new Franchise Brand. It's growing quite substantially. Lots of new innovation coming for the brand and performing at a very high level with a crazy amount of user generated content supporting that brand, in fact the statistics are there's been more than 7 billion views of user generated content for the BABY ALIVE franchise and so are really engaging with our fans online and in a modern story led way for that brand. So we feel good about our portfolio.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: Thanks. Can I also ask about just following on the questions about the tariffs? If there were to be tariff, I mean, you've outlined how – what your exposure is manufacturing wise. But is there flexibility around pricing for the holiday toys? Or are those pricing decisions already kind of locked in with retailers in terms of the major programs. Would you have flexibility to take pricing if there were tariffs imposed in the second half?
Deborah Thomas: We do have met – we have met with most of our retailers to look at the new line that's coming in for the second half of the year. We could always take pricing late in the game, but it is more challenging at this time of the year. As we said before over the long-term we can always reengineer product to take some of the cost out to keep the price point optimal for the consumer, but on the short-term it would have some level of impact to the consumer if tariffs were imposed.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Yes. Thanks for taking my question and good morning. Two questions for you. First, Brian in terms of DISNEY PRINCESS, I'm just curious how big a lift did you get from Beauty and the Beast, the live-action film. As we look to 2019 not only do we have a lot in as a live-action film next year but there's also Dumbo and Lion King and is there a way for you guys to get involved with either of those two films with any type of product?
Brian Goldner: Yes. The teams working on something on few of those live-action films, I won't comment yet on what those are. But in terms of the PRINCESS and FROZEN business, clearly Beauty and the Beast had a major contribution. Obviously we know how important storytelling is to fans and families across all brands, how it connects with character and story and certainly then enables us to use the insights around the story and innovation to build great product lines. So Beauty and the Beast contributed as did MOANA, as does Tangled then another properties as the Descendents, DISNEY DESCENDANTS on the DISNEY Channel original movie – as an DISNEY Channel original movie also contributed and we'd seen great continued sell-through of that product line that in the Descendents product line. And so no story is clearly important. Obviously in this period we're up against the fact that year ago there were a lot of those entertainment initiatives and so we are very excited about 2019 for Aladdin as well certainly for FROZEN that comes near holiday 2019.
Eric Handler: Great. And just follow-up question on POWER RANGERS; wondered if you could sort of -- as we think about modeling this business what sort of -- is there a baseline revenue for POWER RANGERS and the additional brands acquired from Saban? And then when do certain licenses for toy product come back to you? Is that all next year. How do you think that? And what about renegotiating other consumer product licenses?
Brian Goldner: Yes. I would have you think about POWER RANGERS overtime in terms of the proportionality of our toy and game business to consumer product licensing to look similar to what we do for TRANSFORMERS or MY LITTLE PONY. So would have a very robust toy and game line from us, and then a very robust consumer products coming from a number of different partners. I would imagine overtime to develop a similar size, number of partners to what we have for TRANSFORMERS or MY LITTLE PONY by 2020 and beyond. And 2019 you're absolutely right there's a transition period, the prior company's product is in market through March and then our product launch is either in March or April depending on where you are in the world. And so we get about nine months in market next year, but recognize there will be some amount of prior product that has to get move-through and sell-through in the early to mid part of 2019. So again, I think the best benchmark for our first full year effort would be 2020 where we're also able to activate entertainment and also work with our licensing partners. Many of the licensing partners that worked with Saban or partners that we work with before on PONY and TRANSFORMERS and so we think that the transition will be relatively seamless and we're also bringing on some key personnel from the POWER RANGER brand to ensure that that's the case.
Eric Handler: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Good morning. Thank you. I have three questions. First on, I think that it's coming, it's a clarification of POS. As you know we look at POS in term of retail dollars and I know you and Mattel always comment on POS and wholesale terms. So can you just talk about the U.S. and global POS at retail in dollars excluding Toys“R”Us?
Brian Goldner: Yes. If you take – if you look at -- take the data that we get recognized that the data that we have in POS and for the business is based on wholesale because that's what we get paid for that product. And then the up-and-down pricing that a retailer may exercise at any given period is really up to them using the discounts and allowances that we provide within the P&L of that property or that brand. So if you take global POS without Toys“R”Us, North America were up both year to-date which remember takes out the – we're up high single-digits that takes out the impact of the fact that Easter came in the first quarter this year versus the second quarter of last year and that's an important distinction. And then even if you look in the calendar within the quarter which means you have both -- you take out both the benefit of the Toys“R”Us, POS as well as the Easter we're still up in North America, but by less.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Now, again just be clear. Is that wholesale dollars or retail dollars you're talking about? Because retail dollars we look at that because we can see if things have been discounted. We can tell that in wholesale dollars, so that POS at high single digits in the first time. Is that in retail dollars or wholesale dollars? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: That's our wholesale, the way we can measure it is through what we sold that product for and what we're getting paid for and how much of that products dollar at our price went through the register because that's what we get transmitted from our retailers. The fact that they may have discounted that product we've still gotten paid to whatever that prices. If they've discounted it below that price that's been because they've used some allowance or something else that we provided which is the calculation from our gross sales which we don't report to our net revenues which we do report, so we've already taken out the dollars when we report net revenue, the dollars that we provide to retailers in discounts and allowances, so it's a very fair way to look at the sell-through of our products based on the fact that that's how we get paid.
Deborah Thomas: And Brian I would just add to that. That's why we look at it with and without Toys“R”Us because we know certainly in the U.S. Toys“R”Us had an impact because of the liquidation they were doing. However we provided no further discount dollars for that liquidation.
Brian Goldner: Exactly. So as I said take out Toys“R”Us and eliminate the comparisons of -- in other words compare yourself to a quarter a year ago where there was Easter to this year where there was no Easter and our North American business in the quarter was still up.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. I'll move on to the next one here. You talk a little bit about the MY LITTLE PONY movie and it contributed quite nicely. Can you talk more specifically about the economics from that movie, the financing and participation? Did that hit your targets?
Brian Goldner: Yes. The way the movie worked was we produced this movie with third-party studio. We had it distributed by Lionsgate. They took a distribution fee. We then created a toy and game line and we participated in the toys and games sales and earnings from the toys and games. The consumer products where we had hundreds of licensees and the royalty income that came from that, as well as from the movie after paying the distribution fee and allowing for recruitment of the marketing, so that the total economic value was positive for our company and continues to be positive as the content continues to run through home entertainment which actually performed even better than our expectation and now is what is streaming on a number of different platforms and we'll continue to be a story asset that will run through different territories. And of course this really raised halo for the brand. And then of course we're using beyond that using the television series now that's airing around the world including with CCTV in China based on a growing relationship with them across TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY and that's also beneficial. So the content is driving profitable growth for that brand and again disruption from Toys“R”Us certainly has interrupted the appearance of what the sales look like its down a bit because of all the changes in the market but our the period we've seen the POS growth.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, Brian, we understand all that, the merchandising and the toy line. You're going to get that revenue anyway no matter who does the movie. So my question was specific, specific on the economics of the movie itself. Is it worthwhile for you to be doing this? Are you generating more economic profit doing it this way then another third party, that's why I'm trying to get at, understand all the merchandising aspect early [ph]? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Sure. So in fact doing the movie is beneficial to us economically. First of all, we get to not only pick the price point for the movie and produce it ourselves, but we receive producer fees for having produced the film. Then we get to calendarize the movie and to work with our retail partners to ensure that they are able to help us make that property and A-level property at their retail destination. If we weren't able to do that, if we were in a third-party arrangement, we have less control around the creative and around the price point. And so in fact, contributing to and participating in the franchise economics for film is accretive to the company.
Gerrick Johnson: All right. Great. That’s a great answer. Thank you. And then lastly, just want to ask about franchisee and partner brands. You know they are both down, could you talk about the brands within those categories that were let’s say, challenged and to put it differently an opportunity for improvement, so what was down in those two categories? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes, sure. Obviously in franchise Transformers was down, as it was up against year ago movie timing. It -- given your familiarity with that action category wasn't down as much as you would've expected in a -- year after movie. In fact, it’s performed quite nicely and above those normative levels of being down by 50% or something like that. So it’s done quite well given that it has other entertainment. In the quarter I talked about that MY LITTLE PONY was down a bit, but again you're dealing with retail disruption from Toys“R”Us and the loss of that retailer and not shipping new initiatives till the second half of the year. And then NERF was down a bit in shipments again, because that brand was very developed not only at all retail, but certainly at Toys“R”Us and so again you work through the disruption that's temporary, but POS was quite strong, and now we are lining up the second half of the year to be incredibly strong around NERF FEST, which is your call. Garrick last year, it was only in the U.S. and now is rolling out to 37 different countries, given how successful it was a year ago, and we literally have new innovation in every category. We have a new N-Strike Elite. We have a new Mega Thunderhawk. We have new Rival product. We have new Zombie strike product and new Modulus product as well as – as well as the launch of our Laser Ops product in the second half. So, bringing innovation back into that brands following the liquidation of Toys“R”Us is perfectly timed for longer-term growth. In Partner brands, we’ve talked about the brands that were down. Obviously TROLLS was down following the movie years. And we’ve said that MARVEL contributed and that DISNEY PRINCESS was down. Obviously BEYBLADE is up, and continues to perform at a high level.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, and thank you and you forget about over watching us by the way, but thanks for that.
Brian Goldner: Well, Overwatch comes later this year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Susan Anderson with B. Riley FBR. Please proceed with your questions.
Susan Anderson: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering, when you look at shelf space either in your existing retailers, and then also new retailers that may be carrying toys now, I guess, with the Toys“R”Us disruption, do you think that you're gaining any space versus your competitors? In other words, I guess, once Toys“R”Us is gone, do you feel like you'll have more shelf space out there the same or less versus with Toys“R”Us?
Brian Goldner: Yes, I’d said that given the work we’ve doing with our major partners, that we’ve been in business for years, and the new opportunities for online and omni-channel combined with some retailers that will focus on some specific audiences. I actually expect that the amount of promotion and linear footage available to the toy industry for the holiday could be very similar to last year's holiday. Now given that we have one of the broadest portfolios of brands, where we focus on incredible innovation across a gaming portfolio in franchise brands and partner brands with incredible entertainment coming for the second half of the year in home entertainment as well as theatrical films from TRANSFORMERS and also from Spider-Man, the fact is our strong portfolio, with our commitment to innovation and storytelling from us and our partners puts us in a very good position not only for holiday 2018, but as we return to growth in 2019 and beyond. And we absolutely believe we will return to growth in 2019 and beyond with expanding operating profit margins over time and we can see how the business is developing along those lines.
Susan Anderson: Great. That’s helpful. And just one follow-up on the inventory. I know you guys have talked about holding back inventory, so you want to compete with Toys“R”Us. Just curious have you guys started to ship any of that? And should we expect inventory to be more in line with sales by third quarter? Or is it really more fourth quarter? And then I guess, on Europe too, excluding the Toys“R”Us pressure, how should we think about that cleaning up in terms of the timing?
Brian Goldner: Yes, So in Europe inventories, our inventories are down and retail inventories are down. And I would expect that we’ll continue to manage our inventories relative to the demand in third and fourth quarter in Europe recognize that we had a lot of markets where Toys“R”Us existed and we do have the business of working through with our brick-and-mortar retailers. Their plans relative to the acceleration of online and omni channel retailers in the region. In the U.S. I’m not going to comment on whether inventory is going to be up or down in the fourth quarter. The goal of course is to ensure that our vast portfolio gets supported across all of these new initiatives that we have. And certainly, we will hold more of our own inventory and deploy a closer to those sale surges, we described that before and why that's important, so that we can deploy the inventory to the retailers into the partners that have the greatest levels of sell through so that we can match inventory to demand, even better than we have in the past. And I think that's something we’ve learned as the market continues to rapidly develop and evolve continuing on board that capability and to have that personnel and you’ve seen us take some changes to the composition of our personnel and add capabilities to modernize those aspects of our business.
Susan Anderson: Great. That’s helpful. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. We’ve reached the end of the question and answer session. I’d like to turn the call back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our investor website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management’s prepared remarks will be posted on our investor website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - VP, Investor Relations  Brian Goldner - Chairman & CEO Deborah Thomas - EVP, CFO & Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Stephanie Wissink - Jefferies Arpine Kocharyan - UBS Investment Bank Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs Group Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Bank Jaime Katz - Morningstar Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Susan Anderson - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Eric Handler - MKM Partners Linda Bolton-Weiser - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer.  Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site.  The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will discuss certain adjusted measures, which include these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in the release and presentation. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share.  Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro teams around the world are doing an excellent job navigating a challenging and dynamic industry environment. We remain focused on executing our Brand Blueprint to profitably grow for the long term. Our strong financial position enables us to continue investing in our brands, in consumer insights, in innovation, in storytelling and in our teams while making strategic long-term decisions to accelerate our efforts and to advance our business.  The global retail environment is rapidly evolving. How consumers discover brands, engage with brands and ultimately purchase products within brands are converging. Consumers' shopping and buying actions are moving in all directions, from brick-and-mortar to omni-channel, while adding mobile. Hasbro continues to onboard new skills and talents needed to thrive as a global play and entertainment company in a converged retail world.  In the first quarter, we took steps to accelerate our commercial organization's transformation. Much of this impact will be in Europe, where we have new leadership, and we are working to clear the excess inventory we discussed with you at year end. This transformation is already evident in the U.S. And over the past 3 years, we have grown our retail distribution by more than 21,000 doors net of recent store closures at traditional retailers. And we have developed our digital and content to commerce capabilities.  The liquidation of Toys"R"Us in the U.S. and in the U.K., along with ongoing uncertainty around its other operations, has created near-term disruption in our business. The liquidation began in the first quarter and will continue with increasingly lower liquidation pricing in the second quarter. We anticipate the revenue impact will be most pronounced in the first half of the year with a lesser impact in the third and fourth quarters, including the important holiday season. We expect the U.S. liquidation will conclude at the end of the second quarter, and we still don't have resolution on the International markets plans. Our expectation continues to be that it will take about a year to work through this disruption, and we will drive growth in 2019 and beyond.  In addition to the Toys"R"Us impact, we entered the year with work to do to clear through carryforward inventory, in particular, in Europe. We also planned our business to phase revenue later in the year.  The quarter's reported financials reflect these factors on shipments across brands and categories. However, consumer takeaway demonstrates the strength of our brands and initiatives. Hasbro brands and Partner Brands are selling well. Our marketing efforts and product innovations are driving high demand across retailers. Franchise Brands, Partner Brands and Hasbro Gaming takeaway is up sizably.  Online point of sale continues to grow significantly faster than total point of sale, and revenues grew in each product category. In the U.S., even when you remove Toys"R"Us from the analysis, consumer takeaway is significantly up across our franchise, partner and gaming categories.  Our global retailers view this as an opportunity to gain share in a key consumer category, and they are partnering with us to develop growth plans for our brands going forward. We managed our new initiatives, shipping in the quarter and beyond, to avoid being caught up in the liquidation process. Our new Quick Strike products, which we previewed with you at Toy Fair and tap into consumer trends, are coming later this year.  We're working aggressively around the world to put the impact of Toys"R"Us behind us. Importantly, this is not something happening to our company. We're taking control of the situation, making strategic decisions in how we approach the market, how we grow and the steps we are taking to build our capabilities and transform our organization. We have great confidence in the outlook for our brands and the ability of Hasbro to become even stronger in a rapidly developing converged retail environment.  Franchise Brand point of sale grew across the brands in this portfolio. With significant innovation, combined with multi-screen storytelling, we have confidence in the underlying demand for our brands.  TRANSFORMERS: Bumblebee, our first film under our new Paramount production and distribution agreement, hits theaters this December and marks an important evolution in Hasbro's role as storytellers.  MAGIC: THE GATHERING began this year as planned, with revenues down in the first quarter. While point-of-sale data for MAGIC: THE GATHERING is not captured by NPD, in March, we saw positive fan reaction to the spring set, Dominaria, which fans celebrated at pre-release events this past weekend, and it goes on sale next weekend.  Magic: The Gathering Arena, our new digital platform, is moving to the next stage of the beta process and is now being streamed and shared with more players ahead of its launch later in 2018. Feedback continues to be positive, and we're making continual enhancements during this period prior to launch.  Within Hasbro Gaming, consumer demand remains strong. New launches, such as Hearing Things and Don't Step In It performed well and tapped into social gaming trends. In addition, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and JENGA grew revenues. We continue to see immense interest in gaming from consumers of all ages, and Hasbro is investing to further leverage our advantage and reach in this area.  Partner Brand point of sale increased behind the MARVEL lineup and BEYBLADE, which is off to a very strong start in its second year. We couldn't be more excited about the success of Black Panther. And early on, we agreed with MARVEL that this property had strong potential. As a result, the Black Panther product line is the broadest line we have ever created for a Marvel Studios origin film, including Iron Man; Captain America; Thor; and even the ensemble film, Guardians of the Galaxy.  Point of sale of Hasbro items from Black Panther are performing well, ahead of everyone's expectations. We're working to satisfy demand and deliver new products throughout the year to capitalize on the May home entertainment release and the key holiday season. We also began shipping Avengers: Infinity War product in the first quarter. We expect both properties to contribute throughout 2018.  STAR WARS remained the #1 property in the G9 markets according to NPD, and we continue to see improvement in the year-over-year point-of-sale comparisons. Solo: A Star Wars Story product, is now available ahead of the film's release on May 25.  During the quarter, we launched our Has Lab crowdsourcing campaign. Our first initiative is the largest STAR WARS vehicle ever from Hasbro, Jabba's Sail Barge. The campaign exceeded our expectations with over 8,000 backers for this $499 product. This showcased not only amazing innovation from our team, but the power of digital consumer engagement to launch meaningful direct-to-consumer initiatives.  Looking forward in 2018, there are going to be continued challenges while new opportunities arise. We believe we have made the best decisions to position us for a good year, and most importantly, to continue to grow our business going forward.  Our medium-term guidance, which we shared in February, remains firmly in place. 2018 will be a year of adjustment. But beyond this year, we continue to believe that over the next few years, developed economies can grow low to mid-single digits through innovation, entertainment and market share gains and emerging markets can grow double digits, both absent the impact of foreign exchange. We believe operating margins are not only sustainable, but will improve over the next 2 to 3 years. Finally, we anticipate our annual operating cash flow in the range of $600 million to $700 million.  I'll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. This was a challenging quarter. We said early on it would be challenging, and it became even more so when Toys"R"Us moved to liquidate its stores in the U.S. and the U.K. But our teams have shown great resolve and are working effectively through the issues. We're taking steps to strengthen our business, including accelerating actions to transform our commercial organization, in particular, outside the U.S. And we're positioned and planning for long-term growth.  Hasbro is executing from a very healthy financial position. The first quarter is our smallest quarter, and changes in the business are magnified during this period. While we don't plan to completely offset all the Toys"R"Us disruption this year, the impact will decrease in the second half. Incremental store closures are happening now, and there is near-term uncertainty in several of their remaining International businesses. While this will further impact 2018 shipments, we do not expect further material expenses.  Our cash flow outlook remains intact. And despite a $59.1 million bad debt charge related to Toys"R"Us, we are targeting operating cash flow in the $600 million to $700 million range for the year. We ended the quarter with just under $1.6 billion in cash while returning $109.6 million to our shareholders through our dividend and share repurchases. An 11% increase in the quarterly dividend takes effect for our next dividend payment in May.  The impact of lost revenues from Toys"R"Us and our efforts to work through retail inventory is evident across both U.S. and Canada and International segment results. In the U.S. and Canada segment, revenues declined 19%. Partner Brand revenue increased slightly, but Franchise Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands revenues declined. Point of sale is up, with only Emerging Brands declining slightly. Retail inventory declined as we worked through inventory and managed the Toys"R"Us liquidation in the U.S.  The U.S. and Canada segment reported an operating loss in the quarter due to lower revenues and $52.3 million of expenses related to Toys"R"Us, which was primarily bad debt. Adjusted operating profit was $28.9 million, which is the result of lower revenue in the quarter and higher freight and warehousing expenses.  International segment revenues declined 17%, including a favorable $19.5 million impact from foreign exchange. Latin America and Asia Pacific grew revenues but were more than offset by a 28% decline in Europe. The lower revenues in Europe were the result of carryforward retail inventory we are working to clear through, and to a lesser extent, the U.K. liquidation and uncertainty around other Toys"R"Us operations. In addition, a French retailer was put in receivership during the quarter.  The International segment reported an operating loss of $56.1 million. This includes $11.2 million of expense associated with Toys"R"Us. Excluding this item, the segment had an adjusted operating loss of $44.9 million. The operating loss was primarily the result of lower revenues.  Entertainment and Licensing segment revenues increased 21% behind growth in Consumer Products and digital gaming. As we discussed at Toy Fair, the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard meant revenues received from our licensees will be recorded in a more ratable basis throughout the year as opposed to a bigger uptick in the fourth quarter. The adoption of the standard also contributed to the segment's higher revenues. Operating profits increased 23% on the higher revenues.  Overall, Hasbro operating profit margin was negatively impacted by expenses associated with Toys"R"Us and severance costs from our commercial organization transformation. Adjusted operating profit declined due to lower revenues which could not absorb the company's fixed cost in the smaller first quarter.  It is early in the year, however. Our current full year outlook, absent the expenses associated with Toys"R"Us and severance, is that we could achieve an operating profit margin in line with 2017's level of 15.6%.  As Brian said, we believe we can increase operating profit margin in future years. Earlier this year, I outlined several margin levers to drive operating profit margin expansion going forward, including growth in higher-margin Franchise Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Entertainment and Licensing revenues as well as profit improvement in our emerging markets and efficiencies from our system investments. Our future outlook is not impacted by this near-term disruption.  Cost of sales declined as a percentage of revenue, driven by growth in higher-margin Entertainment and Licensing revenues and a disciplined commercial approach to pricing and shipping product into our global retailers. We expect cost of sales to decline on a full year basis and approach, but perhaps not match, the 38% level we reported in 2016.  Underlying royalty expense declined on lower Partner Brand revenues. However, our reported royalty expense in the quarter increased as we incurred accelerated expense associated with lower Toys"R"Us revenue for our Partner Brands. For the full year, underlying royalties as a percentage of revenues are expected to be in line to down slightly versus last year's rate of 7.8%.  Product development declined in dollars in the quarter, but on a full year basis, as a percentage of revenue, is expected to be consistent with 2017. Program production amortization increased as we're amortizing MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE production expense in addition to television programming. Program amortization as a percentage of revenue for the full year should be flat to up slightly versus last year.  SD&A includes several unusual items, notably $59.1 million of bad debt associated with Toys"R"Us and severance cost from accelerating our commercial organization transformation. Absent these items, SD&A increased due to foreign exchange, investment in IT systems and higher freight and warehousing expenses. Our underlying full year SD&A forecast is for a slight increase as a percentage of revenue.  Turning to our results below operating profit. Other income declined slightly, primarily due to a smaller gain on foreign currency this year versus last.  Our underlying tax rate, absent the impact of tax reform, was 16.5% compared to an underlying rate of 24.9% last year and 19.9% for the full year 2017. The lower rate reflects the benefit of U.S. tax reform. But during the quarter, we also recorded a discrete charge of $47.8 million or $0.38 per diluted share related to an increase in our repatriation tax liability and a reversal of tax benefits no longer permitted under new guidance. As we stated at year end, the charge we took then was provisional and expected to change as there was clarification to the new law. We anticipate there will be additional guidance on tax reform that will require consideration and interpretation going forward. We expect our full year underlying tax rate to be at the high end of our previously projected range of 15% to 17%.  For the first quarter, adjusted earnings per share was $0.10, and reported earnings per share was a loss of $0.90. Hasbro's balance sheet is strong. We ended the quarter with $1.6 billion in cash, and we paid $70.8 million in dividends and repurchased $38.8 million in common stock. Both our debt-to-EBITDA and EBITDA-to-interest ratios, at 1.9 and 9.2, respectively, are favorable to our targets.  Receivables decreased 9% and days sales outstanding were 78 days. We recorded a bad debt charge for Toys"R"Us in the quarter, and we believe we are adequately reserved for our historical shipments. We don't expect to have any material expenses associated with Toys"R"Us going forward.  Inventories increased on lower revenues as we held more in our warehouses during the quarter. Approximately 1/4 of the increase in inventory was the result of foreign exchange. As Brian discussed, we're working closely with our global retailers to reallocate this product. In the U.S., retail inventories declined in the quarter. Internationally, retail inventories have also declined, but we have further work to do in Europe. We are making progress and are on plan to lower retail inventories to our targeted levels.  In closing, we are facing near-term disruption in the market, but we have confidence in our long-term prospects. Consumers are seeking out and purchasing Hasbro brands, and we have a very strong lineup for the rest of the year. We are deliberate in how we approach the market to ensure our global retailers have success with our brands this year and in future years. We are on solid financial footing and are taking the necessary steps to put Toys"R"Us behind us and return to profitable growth as soon as next year.  We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies.
Stephanie Wissink: Two questions, just to dig in a little bit more, Deb, to your comments on the inventory. I think you mentioned 1/4 of the inventory increase is related to FX. Can we unpack the other 3/4? Specifically, just curious if there's anything related to what you plan to ship in the second quarter, most notably Avengers and STAR WARS and then home entertainment release for Black Panther. Should we be looking at some of that inventory as allocated to those initiatives?
Deborah Thomas: Yes, Steph. And you're exactly right. About 1/4 of the increase in our inventory balance was due to FX. The remainder is really good -- due to good inventory. We've got Avengers shipping. We are leading up into all great the new initiatives that we have coming this year and all the great entertainment as well as the new initiatives that we haven't released, really, out into the market yet. So what we're seeing in our inventory is all good inventory. Part of it was from our deliberate decision not to put some into the market because we didn't want to have a lot of our good, new initiatives competing with liquidating inventory at our retailers. So we will see that inventory moving into the market throughout the year, and we're not worried about it at all. From a retail inventory standpoint, our retail inventories are down, particularly in the U.S., and internationally as well.
Stephanie Wissink: All right. And then one follow-up. A vendor that had talked about higher freight expenses, and that's something we're hearing consistently across many vendors. Can you talk a little bit about how long in duration you expect that inflation to continue and where you're seeing it within your markets around the world?
Deborah Thomas: Absolutely. We're seeing it -- a lot of it is really coming in the U.S. and it's a little bit throughout Europe as well. And it's really coming from the trucking industry and higher due to the new electronic logging device rules and driver shortages. The contracting supply and increasing demand is expected to manifest itself really kind of throughout 2018, but it is in our outlook. We highlighted it for the first quarter because it's a bit different from last quarter. And you see that impact in SD&A as opposed to upping cost of sales because it's really a selling expense and getting the inventory to the retail location for selling. So it's in our outlook and in everything we've talked about for the year.
Stephanie Wissink: And then one for you, Brian, just bigger-picture, as you sit back now and observe some of the channel shift, and I see you're making some changes to your commercial organization. But how should we think about the 2- or 3-year trend in the business? And where do you see the biggest opportunities to really drive the advantage versus your competitors?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So year-to-date, we've seen through NPD that the industry has grown, and we've kept pace with that growth and we've kept pace in the United States. And in fact, we remain #1 company in the G11 markets and in fact grew market share in 5 of those 10 markets and held our own in the others. We believe the industry will continue to grow low to mid-single digits. We've made and had lots of meetings with our key retailers. They're very excited about the opportunity to garner share in markets like the U.S. And for perspective, as Toys"R"Us liquidates, the Toys"R"Us U.S. business represented about 2/3 of our global Toys"R"Us business. So as we move through this, there's a real market share opportunity for our other retailers. We are seeing that converged retail marketplace take hold. We had made significant progress in the U.S. We have lots of great capabilities. We had begun to onboard those capabilities in markets like Asia. And we needed to accelerate those efforts that we had indicated to you back at Toy Fair that we were doing. For example, the global online business, that we'd set up the team, as well as the global retail channels team. And we felt that we had an opportunity to accelerate those efforts in Europe. And we also have new leadership there that we're very excited about. So taking a new approach to markets, recognizing that there is growth in the industry. And our global retailers are also wanting to grow with us. We have market initiatives that are really growing our brands. And POS have grown and retail inventories are down. But as Deb said, we made some decisions about how we deployed new inventory, really good inventory, in light of the liquidation that's taking place in the near term that we expect to conclude by June.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS.
Arpine Kocharyan: Could you please give a breakdown of exactly what percent of decline was from Toys"R"Us this quarter? And I know you talked about the impact being less later in the year, but could you specifically talk about what percentage of Toys"R"Us retail disruption is being absorbed by competitors at this time?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So first, Arpine, if you look at the situation in this first half of the year, it's directly related to Toys"R"Us. Clearly, this conversation and our business would be in a very different short-term position were Toys"R"Us still in existence in the United States, but the fact is it isn't. And so our teams are moving quickly to transition and transform and to move forward in an appreciable way. What's really exciting is that our global retailers are very excited about garnering that additional market share. They're building additional promotions. They're building additional space for the industry. Having had a number of good retail meetings recently, our retailers are very excited, I believe that the opportunity to absorb all of the Toys"R"Us business is present. And in fact, we're just building those plans to do that. It just takes some time from the moment that we finally heard of liquidation to the time when you can execute new plans with new initiatives does take some time as you build out those new windows of opportunity for other retailers.
Arpine Kocharyan: That's helpful. And then just going back to the retail numbers, could you clarify, was that Easter-adjusted? So POS is up for Hasbro and the industry easter-adjusted because Easter started early? And then I have a quick follow-up on inventory.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So retail in the first -- POS was up for the first quarter. And it was up globally, it was up across every one of our categories, except for Emerging Brands. Very strong growth for Games, Franchise Brands, Partner Brands. And then Easter-to-Easter, the business was up and it was up around the world as well and was up for all of our categories, with the exception of Emerging Brands. So Easter-to-Easter, the business was up.
Arpine Kocharyan: That's helpful. And then one more follow-up on the inventory on hand. I'm not surprised that it was 72% of top line because you have a weaker seasonally quarter that sort of things get magnified in this quarter. But I was surprised to see it still up substantially year-over-year, FX-adjusted. Because if you -- even if you were to sort of adjust for Toys"R"Us sort of holding a little bit more on hand, Easter was early this year, which means that, that inventory on hand should have actually been lighter when you closed the quarter. Or am I missing something?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So we've made some specific strategic decisions on how we're deploying our inventory around our new initiatives for brands that are selling incredibly well. Recognize that the first phase of the Toys"R"Us business was announced bankruptcy last fall, followed by, around Toy Fair, the belief that they would begin to close some stores. And then following Toy Fair and our opportunity to talk to investors, they then declared that they would liquidate. So at that point, we really made some decisions about where do we deploy new, good inventory for brands that are selling really well in the face of a short-term liquidation. So we took some decisions. Obviously, we've deployed inventory for new initiatives where there are shelf-set dates, like Avengers and Solo: A Star Wars Story. All those areas, that's where we've deployed, but we've also been thoughtful about where to put those inventories as we head into the second quarter as we have new initiatives coming from our Quick Strike initiatives that we sort of previewed for you at New York Toy Fair. And so we feel very comfortable about the quality of our inventory. We feel very good about the POS we're seeing across the different categories of the business, and the fact is our retail inventories are down in the U.S. and around the world. So we're really planning to run out some of those inventories and then build our initiatives with our global retailers, who, as I said, are excited about our business and we're really excited to grow with them. And we're building those plans now.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: I have one for Deb and one for Brian. Deb, gross margins held up surprisingly well this quarter, and I think you guys gave a good outlook, too. Can you talk about why that was the case despite fixed cost deleveraging from the lower-than-expected revenue?
Deborah Thomas: Well, thanks, Mike. We had talked about at Toy Fair that we expected our gross margins could approximate 2016 levels. And in fact, we planned our business that way. We've gotten some questions about with the Toys"R"Us business going away, does that mean our gross margins will go down? Is that a more profitable business? And in fact, as we've said many times, we're agnostic to that. It's not a more profitable business from a gross margin standpoint than other retailers. So that's really been our focus. And when we talk about in our prepared remarks, we've been very disciplined as to what we've put into the market, how we've priced it and when we put it in to maintain those gross margins.
Michael Ng: Okay. And then Brian, can you talk about how the exit of Toys"R"Us might affect industry toy sales and the landscape? For example, what happens to some of the smaller toy manufacturers that may have relied more on that channel than Hasbro has? Do you see the opportunity to take some market share from these players? And will this create some tuck-in M&A opportunities for Hasbro and other well-capitalized toy players? And then lastly, do you anticipate other retailers, like a Walmart or Target, to allocate more shelf space to toys?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So if you -- as I've mentioned, we've been having lots of meetings with our retailers, and there's lots of interest in continuing to grow with us and in this key category. As retailers see it, the toy and game business are key categories for them. And yes, I would expect to see incremental space assigned to toys. I think they're building robust plans, and it just takes some time to build that out. There's a great opportunity across a number of dimensions for a number of different kinds of consumers that were Toys"R"Us shoppers, particularly in the United States. For us, we continue to believe there's great opportunity for growth. Obviously, we see opportunities to pick up brands. Most notably, we talked about it at Toy Fair, the fact that we are going to be now managing the Power Ranger business. We're very excited about that. And we'll continue to look selectively at new brand opportunities. Having said that, we also have some great brands in our vault that we're beginning to develop and develop storytelling around. We've kicked off our relationship with Paramount, a more robust relationship that will give us an opportunity to take some of our brands, like M.A.S.K. and ROM and Visionaries and Micronauts out to the marketplace. And then you've also heard from us opportunities to work more significantly and substantially with Netflix. And we're excited about Super Monsters. And of course, with Nickelodeon on their Top Wing property. So again, thoughtfully and smartly adopting some new brands that we'll bring into the portfolio. And then lots of new innovations coming for a number of our different brands. Really, it's just about that transition and transformation of our business that we need to go through, through the first half of this year in the U.S. particularly. And then we're beginning to hear some positive notes around some retailers, some of the Toys"R"Us regions perhaps being picked up by other retailers or other companies. And so we'll have more on that shortly, we hope.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian: Could you just quantify the POS in the U.S. and maybe just the global number? I don't think I heard the number.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So the number in the U.S. POS was up double digits, and that was up double digits year-on-year, Easter-to-Easter. And globally, it was up double digits and up high single digits in the Easter-to-Easter view globally.
Gregory Badishkanian: Okay. All right. Good. And then just as we think about the Toys"R"Us impact, does that go away in the first quarter of next year? Is that what you meant about -- is that -- can we infer that from what you had said?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Look, Deb and I both believe, and our teams are lining up great growth plans for 2019 and beyond. I believe we'll get back on the kind of growth trajectory you've seen from us. We've reaffirmed our medium-term guidance here this morning. We're absolutely certain that we have the brands, the portfolio, the marketing initiatives and the innovation to achieve that kind of a growth. So that's what we believe. It's going to take, as I said, about a year to work through this, particularly the first half of this year. And then depending on what happens in the other regions around the world for Toys"R"Us, that will obviously have that impact in Qs 3 and 4. But by Q3 and 4 in the U.S, where, as I said, historically, Toys"R"Us 2/3 of the Toys"R"Us business was being done in the U.S., that goes away. And we begin to build really robust plans in earnest with other retailers around our brands that are selling quite well and retail inventories that are down.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: So Brian, and Deb, I know you don't like to give very specific revenue guidance. Deb, thanks for all the color on the below-line item stuff. But it would be helpful if you could just give us a more specific road map for the rest of the year in terms of revenues. Because when you reported this morning, I think a lot of us believe that you can -- shouldn't think the year regarding Toys"R"Us, but the color that you've given is you've indicated that there would be further disruption, but at declining levels. And we know that the impact will be more on the revenue side, likely on not the expense side, based on what you've said. But just really in the spirit of trying to eliminate the potential for your company to miss sell-side revenue and estimates for the remainder of the year, I think it would be very helpful for us if you could walk us through how to think about the rest of the quarters in light of the continued liquidation.
Deborah Thomas: Sure. Well, Felicia, if we think about Toys"R"Us, we think about -- we'll just -- we can go back to Toy Fair and what we said, that we knew there would be disruption in the early half of the year. And we continue to believe that. But we have overall confidence in our business. And as we look at the spread of the year, the first and the second quarters are normally very low-revenue quarters. So of course, we believe that we'll see a bigger impact in the first part of that year. When you start to get into the holiday season, we believe it'll be less disruptive, and we'll work through the impact overall in about a year. And whether that's first quarter next year or stretches out a bit, it's still within a year period. But overall, we're very confident in our business. We have a plan that gets us through 2018 in good shape. We still are confident in our plans to grow our business in 2019 and beyond. We've reiterated our medium-term guidance. So it's really -- and consumer takeaway is good, so that's there as well. So for us, it's really about just working through the disruption, which we think will be much more pronounced in the early half of the year.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So let's peel back the layers a little bit. So it sounds like, for 2018, you probably won't see revenue growth. Is that fair?
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think the way to look at it is you're transitioning in the U.S. and Qs three and four that are a bigger quarters with new initiatives, entertainment and robust retailer support, it's all present. Now we just have to put all the plans together. Obviously, this has all happened over a very short period of time. So we see the opportunity there. We just need to now build and develop those plans and execute those plans. So that's the thought process there. And then if you go out around the world and look at our Entertainment and Licensing business, it continues to grow. We saw growth in digital gaming and Consumer Products in the quarter. We've seen growth in Latin America and in Asia Pacific. We continue to believe in our Wizards of the Coast team and their business, and we've seen great response to Dominaria, which comes in Q2 as well, as Magic: The Gathering Arena, which is still in closed beta, but increasingly spreading the opportunity to play the game. And the feedback has been phenomenal. We continue to enhance that. So I think we have one of the broadest portfolios with strengthened sell-through, with retail inventories down, strong retailer support and plans that the teams are developing in real time across the U.S. and around the world. So we just -- it's early days relative to the Toys"R"Us liquidation, and we'll update you as we get closer to the third and fourth quarter.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So maybe just to better understand the mechanics, which would be helpful. You're obviously not shipping any more into Toys"R"Us, so on a year-over-year basis, that's decline.
Brian Goldner: That stopped in -- that would stop -- that had stopped in the first quarter.
Felicia Hendrix: Right. And then the other impacts would be just the unknowns, would be just how the liquidation would affect your sales elsewhere, just in terms of competitive pricing and what people take.
Brian Goldner: No. Remember, so they're not getting any new inventory, they have to sell through the inventory they had. So as we said, we've been thoughtful about the initiatives coming to the market that wouldn't get caught up in the Toys"R"Us liquidation and shipping those outside of that window, and of course, building plans with our retailers for Qs 3 and 4, where retail space is inherently historically grown. And now you'll see even more robust plans from our partners around our brands that are really growing. So it's -- again, it's just a matter of latency, the lag between an intention to develop new plans and grow and then executing those plans. But it's -- there's no controlling weakness, and executing. And our retailers are very ambitious and enthusiastic about our business. And we are about their business.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So given the size of the second quarter, probably, you would say magnitude somewhat less than the first, but kind of in the ballpark -- like a similar ballpark?
Brian Goldner: Yes, look. Yes, I think that the unknown here a bit in Q2, and again remember, historically, a lower-revenues quarter historically, is the size of the discounts that come along with liquidation. As the liquidation goes on towards conclusion, the discounts, the percent discounts get bigger. And then it will all conclude, as we understand, in June. So the discounts go on larger. However, there's no new inventory that they have. It's the inventory that was shipped to them in the earlier part of the first quarter, and then that will sell through. We begin to execute new initiatives throughout the second quarter, so certainly, a number of new initiatives coming in Q2, particularly around entertainment and home entertainment for Black Panther, Avengers and other new initiatives coming from our teams and the Quick Strike initiatives. And then for the third and fourth quarter, the more robust plans around new innovations for the fall and for holiday.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. That makes sense. And then just last for me is just with your reiteration of the $600 million to $700 million in operating cash flow, impressive, given what's going on here. But I presume just, like, where you fell in the range shifted because otherwise, I'm just having problems putting to you reiterating that number.
Deborah Thomas: We still believe in the range of $600 million to $700 million of operating cash flow for this year.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes. I know that, I was just thinking kind of...
Deborah Thomas: Well, I'm not going to tell you exactly the number, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: No. I mean, it's just, logically, it would seem that where you fall...
Deborah Thomas: Suffice to say, it probably isn't at -- we would probably have moved from the top end of that range. However, our cash flow generation remains strong. And as Brian said, we have a strong business. The consumer wants our product, and it will find a home. So our cash, we still believe in our cash flow generation. Financially, we're sound. Our debt's not going up. And we will work through this.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with MorningStar.
Jaime Katz: So I'm curious, you guys had recently mentioned at one of the events that you'd spoken at, that there are these 3 new initiatives that are coming out this year that haven't been announced. And I assume that's going to be postponed until the second half, given the commentary surrounding Toys"R"Us and what you've just said about not introducing anything new until some of that is behind us.
Brian Goldner: Yes. No, please don't take what I said as that we won't introduce new initiatives. We have plenty of new initiatives for Q2. I was trying to comment on the fact that we would, in first quarter, with additional good toy inventory that was of good quality. So obviously didn't want to deploy that until we had a good perspective on what the liquidation looked like and what the timing looked like. Obviously didn't want to put new initiatives in the market that would be caught up in shipping to and in liquidating through Toys"R"Us. But we have plenty of new initiatives in the second quarter. We have initiatives around the home entertainment release of Black Panther. We have Avengers. We have at least one Quick Strike initiative coming in the quarter. We have lots of new innovations from a number of our brands. And I have to say, across our Franchise Brand portfolio, we've seen great growth in POS for every one of our retail Franchise Brands, and strong growth for those brands and continued momentum. So no, all that we were trying to say is where are we, how are we deploying new-initiative inventory between Qs 1 and 2 and then going into the third and fourth quarter.
Jaime Katz: Okay. Thank you for clarifying that. And then for -- I think you had mentioned Top Wing, but I'm curious for some of these other license partnerships. I think you're having more competitors that are interested in participating, obviously, in content-driven licenses. Is it getting a little bit easier because you guys have such a significant portfolio of experience with this, like, proven track record? Or is it actually getting more expensive to obtain these licensed partnerships because there are more people sort of coming to bat for them?
Brian Goldner: We're working with partners earlier and earlier stages and in more strategic ways. We're very pleased to continue to build our relationship with Netflix. As you know, we built -- we produced an original series for them on Stretch Armstrong, an animated series. It's performing well on the network on their -- in streaming. And then we began to work with them on Stranger Things in the very early days, and we're rolling that product out now nationally, but it was with a retailer for last fall. And it sold incredibly well, both the MONOPOLY game as well as an Eggo game. If you know the story, you know what I'm talking about. And then continuing to build relationship with Paramount and Nickelodeon as part of Viacom. And again, what we would say is that we do have a lot of experience and we are selective and strategic about the partnerships we take on. Obviously, we continue to be incredibly excited about the lineup from the Walt Disney Company, focusing on MARVEL. We have 6 MARVEL movies this year where we are supporting in a significant way and really extending and expanding our reach there. STAR WARS, the POS really has lined up well, and we're very excited about the Solo movie. And of course, going into 2019, additional entertainment. And then DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN, with FROZEN 2 coming next year. So again, lining up with some of the best partners. And I think the adage we talk about here at the company is we treat their brands like our brands and bring great consumer insights and innovation to those brands with dedicated teams, resources. And that's been our focus. And I really haven't seen a change in the landscape in an appreciable way.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel.
Andrew Crum: Could you give us an update on expectations around clearing the inventory overhang in Europe? And then I guess specifically, as it relates to STAR WARS, address the inventory situation there and retailers' willingness to take on more STAR WARS inventory ahead of the Solo film.
Deborah Thomas: Well, we continue to work through the inventory overhang in Europe. We feel that the U.S. retail inventory is down in those pockets that we had excess inventory, but we still think there's a bit of work to do in Europe. So we'll see that impact us throughout the year, albeit to a lesser and lesser extent as we move through the year. And Brian, do you want to take the STAR WARS question?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Look, we've seen good -- really good sell-through STAR WARS in the first quarter. The retail inventory of STAR WARS is down double digits, and it really sets us up well. The team's done a really good job of moving through inventory there. We'll -- obviously, we'll continue to sell an array of STAR WARS-branded inventory throughout the year. And then we're very excited about the Solo movie that's coming now. And that product hit shelves in April for the May movie. And then, of course, we will track through. We're also very excited about new kids-oriented entertainment coming for the second half of the year. And I know that announcement is coming any day now from the Walt Disney Company, but we're very excited about that. We think that's also well-timed. And it's a very exciting initiative that we'll support in a considerable way.
Andrew Crum: Got it. And then shifting to BEYBLADE, I think you've mentioned that it was off to a very strong start. And year 2 of the license, can you talk about how that trajectory looks as compared to, I believe it was 2011, you guys did about $480 million of BEYBLADE revenue that year, and that was year 2 of the license. So just curious as to how BEYBLADE is tracking relative to the last product cycle.
Brian Goldner: Yes. BEYBLADE is tracking incredibly well. It is the second year of the cycle this time. We're seeing great uptake. We have dual exposure, both from broadcasters around the world as well as streaming content on Netflix. And we also have an incredible number of young people playing the digital app and hundreds of millions of games being played, competitions being played online, which is inspiring their off-line analog play. It's a new play pattern with this burst. And in fact, the SwitchStrike product, it's launching in this period, is really fun because they can change the way the tops actually rotate and that adds a level of strategy and thought to the game play. But as you know, Drew, I'm not going to comment specifically as it pertains to the last time. However, I think we've told you now that we're incredibly excited about this. And it's certainly accelerating as it has in other second years of the cycle. I'm not going to try to range it partly because it's sometimes hard to range because, of course, this is a lot about word-of-mouth and kids playing it and seeing it out at retail being played and online. And then also obviously, we have this near-term disruption going on that we need to think about and replan that part of the business with other retailers who obviously want to grow with BEYBLADEs.
Andrew Crum: Okay. Got it. And then just one last one for me. Brian, is there sense that there's any impact across the portfolio from Fortnite, which is this phenom free-to-play battle layout video game that just -- it's been an incredible success with kids and teenagers, is there sense that there's any impact on your business? Or maybe not.
Brian Goldner: Well, we really like Fortnite. It's a really fun game. Our digital gaming business is also up both in the licensed area as well as at Backflip. People increasingly are playing games, and we think that's fantastic. They should them play them any way they want, anytime and anywhere. And obviously, we're serving our games similarly. We like the Fortnite game. And I would say we haven't really seen an impact with respect to that game.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Susan Anderson with B. Riley FBR.
Susan Anderson: I was wondering if you could give -- I know you gave some color on just the performance of products, but maybe if, by segment, how things performed versus your expectations include -- excluding Toys"R"Us. Were there any other pressure points more than you had expected? Like, was Europe worse than you saw it? And also maybe if you could talk about NERF and how that performed in the quarter. And I think you have some new product coming out in second half. What will that mean for revenues? And is this something similar to the impact like NERF NITRO was?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So a number of new initiatives coming from NERF this year. Obviously, our fastest-growing segment is Nerf Rival, and then our largest segment is Elite and then we have Modulus. All 3 of those segments are up sizably in POS. We have some new product in there and expanded product development and growth in addition to new channels because of a new development we've made at different price points and building that opportunity. Our retail inventory for NERF is down. And we'll bring new initiatives for the second half. We have a major new initiative that we haven't talked about specifically for the second half of the year that we're excited about. And so that we continue to believe, over time, that NERF will continue to track well. NERF NITRO has performed incredibly well internationally and well in the U.S. And obviously, we're excited about its continued progress. If you look at categories, I think if you just consider the fact that there was an evolving situation with Toys"R"Us, we obviously shipped, Toys"R"Us a year ago was our number three customer, significantly less in the first quarter this year than a year ago, of course. And so we are redeploying, transitioning and transforming our business, including our retail sales organization, to bring on new capabilities and changing that composition of our retail team, including how we manage digital assets, content to commerce, digital and social marketing, data analytics. All of those elements are really important for how we build the business. So I would say, clearly, Toys"R"Us is the reason that the business is where it is in this first quarter. Obviously, that's what we're working through. And we will put Toys"R"Us in the U.S. in the rearview mirror in the next few quarters. And that's our point of view. And we'll continue to grow in 2019 and beyond.
Susan Anderson: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And the last one on Black Panther. Obviously, a great success, and it looks like Avengers: Infinity War is also setting up well. Do you think that sets up MARVEL to continue to outperform this year? And then has there been any early reads on the early products for this movie?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So MARVEL has outperformed and performed incredibly well in the first quarter. The point of sale for MARVEL is very strong. We have -- there are 6 theatrical releases throughout this year that we're supporting, including Black Panther, Avengers, and then even a lineup that's really fun for Deadpool, Ant-Man and Wasp, Venom and Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, they're all supported by robust product lines, and that stretches throughout the calendar year. We're very excited about the lineup and innovation in our product lines. We have new products coming for Black Panther beyond the home entertainment window for the holidays, including product in the MARVEL LEGENDS series for Black Panther, which is great. We're very excited about our Hero Vision product, which is a augmented reality product that's coming around Avengers: Infinity War. And we also have the Assembler Gear, that's that modular and customizable role-play system. So again, a lot of innovation and very robust entertainment coming from MARVEL, so we're very excited.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder: A lot of questions have been answered, but a couple here. Deb, on the inventories, it sounded like, in a previous answer, you had mentioned that those should be normalized, take the year in Europe to get those normalized in the channel. And it sounds like elsewhere in the channel, you feel pretty comfortable. So just to reaffirm that. And then -- and when do you then see the company-level inventories back to levels that you would term normal?
Deborah Thomas: Well, yes, that is what we said about Europe. We still have a bit of work to do there, although the levels have come down quite a bit on the retail side. From our inventory, we've talked quite a bit about why it was up and that it's a good quality with items like BEYBLADEs and Avengers and NERF and BABY ALIVE in it. And we also said at Toy Fair, and we continue to believe, as we move more to an online retail model, and we saw the acceleration of that cutting into the end of last year and certainly with Toys"R"Us going away, we see that being a large piece of what's going to pick up those revenues, go-forward, be it through our omni-channel retailers like Walmart or Target; or a more pure play, like Amazon or Alibaba or Tmall. You -- I would expect that our inventory levels would run higher than they have in the past because we want to make sure that we have the right inventory on hand to supply those retailers when they want it. And they tend to take it much closer to when they're going to sell through than when -- than put it in a warehouse and have that longer lead time like more traditional brick-and-mortar retailers have. So we expect our inventory levels to be a bit higher, probably not as high as this quarter because we deliberately held inventory and with the revenue decline. It is all good inventory. It will move, but we would expect they'd probably run a bit higher than they have in the past.
Brian Goldner: Yes. To Deb's point, if you just look at the mix shift of domestic to direct import in the first quarter, it was five points higher on the domestic side. So it's 80-20, 80%, 20%. So it went five points higher on the domestic side.
Timothy Conder: Okay. And then I guess in a little bit in relation to that in the International front, not much comment on China or Russia, which has been very strong for your sales and the industry over the last couple of years. Any update you could provide us there?
Brian Goldner: Yes. China, it continues to track very well for us. We talked about the impact of the emerging markets was really in Brazil as we finalized that cleanup, and move forward, we're more optimistic about the Brazilian retail economy and consumer sentiment for the full year 2018. And just moving through and finishing up some work there. And then in Russia, similarly, it was where we had some inventory that we wanted to clean up in the first quarter. But again, feel very good about the Russian business. It's been a growth business for us. And we continue to reiterate our beliefs that emerging markets overall will grow double digits, absent FX, over time. We've seen our Asia business perform well and our Chinese business perform extremely well.
Timothy Conder: Okay. And then lastly, any more organizational changes that you anticipate here? Or were those pretty well expensed and accrued for in Q1 here?
Deborah Thomas: So there's always things that we do throughout the business. And as we said, we had planned this to happen, actually, throughout the year. However, we wouldn't expect anything of this level throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick Johnson: So what was the onetime revenue and bottom line impact from ASC 606?
Deborah Thomas: It was immaterial.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. And can you tell us what the Toys"R"Us gross revenues were in the first quarter?
Brian Goldner: No. We've said that the Toys"R"Us revenues were down sizably, obviously significantly, Q1 '18 versus Q1 '17.
Deborah Thomas: I would say they weren't material either. And don't forget, there's disruption remaining in some of the rest of their business. So while the U.S. is a big piece, we're also being very careful and prudent throughout the quarter with their other businesses as there remains this uncertainty as to what's going to happen to them long term.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. An accounting question for you. So when Toys"R"Us goes into liquidation, do you reserve -- or do you reverse those sales allowances that were booked against the prior revenue since that inventory isn't going to be supported by you anymore?
Deborah Thomas: Depending on what the allowance is. Because if you recall, some of it is for promotional items that actually happened within the quarter. So we record our revenues net, and what net balance we have is what we would reserve for that we felt we wouldn't collect at the end of the day.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. And then the $61 million after-tax bad debt, what was that on a pretax basis?
Deborah Thomas: It was $59.1 million on a pretax basis -- or about $50 million on a pretax basis. In total, the impact was $70 million.
Gerrick Johnson: So wait, on just on the Toys"R"Us bad debt, just to be clear, what was the pretax and what was the after-tax impact just from Toys"R"Us bad debt?
Deborah Thomas: On just the bad debt, I believe I said that it was $59.1 million on just the bad debt.
Gerrick Johnson: Is that pre or post-tax?
Deborah Thomas: That's pretax.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. My last question is, you said you stopped shipping some items because you did not want to compete against Toys"R"Us liquidation. How much of that also is from retailers not wanting to compete against that liquidation and their decision to cut back on orders?
Brian Goldner: No. It wasn't really related to that. We've been flowing goods throughout. We have very strong POS, so the demand is there. It was a really decision about some new initiatives that could have occurred in one quarter versus the other. It's just timing on certain things. But no, our retailers are very interested in growing with us. Obviously, historically and for this year, Q1 and Q2 are lower-revenue quarters on average. And our retail partners are gearing up for the Q3 and Q4. Just takes time for them to expand their plans with us and to continue to add new initiatives that should enable them to pick up the Toys"R"Us business in any number of ways.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners.
Eric Handler: Deb, one question for you. Wondered if you could dig in a little bit more on the puts and takes into the gross margin. It seems like with the gaming business down -- or the Games business down 20%, that seems like it's a big headwind for your gross margin. What was in Entertainment and Licensing that really helped drive the growth in the gross margin?
Deborah Thomas: Well, very exciting in Entertainment and Licensing. And Brian mentioned it earlier when we talked about our relationship with Netflix is Stretch Armstrong. So we see quite a bit of revenue coming from that new initiative in the first quarter in Entertainment and Licensing. And the rest was a mix within our digital business. TRANSFORMERS: EARTH WARS continues to do well. And on the digital side, that business is performing well. As well as our Consumer Products business from a licensing standpoint as well. But I get very excited about Stretch Armstrong, so I'll point that one out again. And really, from a mix standpoint in gross margin, in addition to the impacts from Entertainment and Licensing, it really was just a function of mix and getting better margins on some of the things that we normally would have flowed into the business and having reasonable hedges to protect our pricing and not going overboard on allowances. So it's really the discipline that we instill in our business to try to hit that gross margin goal.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Linda Bolton-Weiser with D.A. Davidson.
Linda Bolton-Weiser: Is there any way, just to help with modeling, if Toys"R"Us was 9% of your sales in 2017, in the first half quarters, would it be 15% of your sales or 10% to 15% of sales? Can you give some -- like, what percent was Toys"R"Us in the first quarter '17? That would be helpful. And then secondly, there's been some talk in the industry that actually having fewer brick-and-mortar locations for toy sales, because it's an impulse-purchase item, actually will curtail demand over the long term. And I've heard estimates of even 10% to 20% of demand would kind of go away. Do you have any views on that?
Brian Goldner: Yes. That's not really, Linda, what we've seen with demand in the toy industry. We've expanded our retail footprint. We obviously produce different kinds of products for different kinds of retailers at different price points with different levels of sophistication and interactivity so that every child can participate in our brands at every price point. We want them to be able to have a toy or a game that enthralls and delights them. So what we're seen is an expanding retail footprint. I've mentioned that we have more than 21,000 new doors net of all the closures we just described in the United States over the last 3 years, and these are all kind of new channels. We built this team to enable us to build the right kind of product for the right kind of retail destination. We don't believe that there will be any business that will go away in natural course because again, we're building innovative products.  We're telling great stories around those products, either us or our partners. And we're building new play patterns. So we see people buy online. We see increasingly this pickup in store, which adds to the basket, so people do come into retail on an increasing basis. You're going to see a number of new ways that consumers can pick up product, get product, from reserving online to picking up today to buying online and picking up in stores. And so again, I think we're building the capability in this converged retail model that allows the consumer to move in any number of ways across the shopping and buying environment. And there is -- there's no reason in our minds, and the evidence is there, that there should be no gap in what's available to people to purchase. And we believe the industry will continue to grow. We've seen it grow year-to-date, even with this disruption.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-07 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - VP of Investor Relations Brian Goldner - CEO Deb Thomas - CFO
Analysts: Stephanie Wissink - Jefferies Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Drew Crum - Stifel Eric Handler - MKM Partners Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Arpine Kocharyan - UBS Linda Weiser - D.A. Davidson Gerrick Johnson - BMO Susan Anderson - B. Riley Jim Chartier - Monness Crespi Hardt
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I'd now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. In 2017, the Hasbro team delivered a strong year. We grew revenues 4% to a record $5.2 billion and captured the number one position across the G11 markets for the full year 2017 according to NPD and SIM. Consumer takeaway increased approximately 7% for the year and we grew point of sale in all major regions and all brand portfolio categories. We continued investing in innovation to industry-leading levels delivering growth in Franchise Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands, while building capabilities across the brand blueprint. We delivered revenue and profit growth in the entertainment and licensing segment led by strength in consumer products. We had two successful franchise brand theatrical events, which drove incremental revenue in both Transformers and My Little Pony. We added to our storytelling and content capabilities through an expansive five-year agreement with Paramount, invested in our animation studio, Boulder Media and enhanced our digital first orientation. We maintained a high level of profitability, reporting a 15.6% operating profit margin. We invested in growing our business, while returning $427 million in cash to shareholders. Today we announced our board increased the dividend 11% to $0.63 per share, the 14th increase in 15 years. Importantly we remain steadfast in our principles to operate with excellence. In 2017, Hasbro ranked number one on the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list by CR Magazine. We were recognized as the World’s Most Ethical Company for the sixth consecutive year, and we ranked third on Newsweek's Green Rankings. The global Hasbro’s team's accomplishments in 2017 were meaningful and we are excited about our opportunities in 2018 and beyond.  Before I discuss the year more closely, let us review the fourth quarter, including where our actual results fell short of the expectations we set in October. Hasbro Franchise Brands sit at the center of our strategy, and in the fourth quarter Franchise Brands revenues grew 11%. Transformers, Magic: The Gathering, NERF, My Little Pony and Monopoly revenues increased. For the quarter, point of sale increased in all categories other than Partner Brands. However, after 10 months of strong consumer takeaway the industry and our business slowed in November and December. We have identified three significant factors. First, we did not ship or sell-through as much as we expected in support of the late fourth-quarter release of Star Wars, the Last Jedi. As a result, Hasbro Star Wars revenues declined and performed below expectations in the quarter and for the year. Historically the brand would deliver a revenue surge in film years and shrink the following year. Instead we are seeing a pattern like other properties, which have films every year, such as Marvel, where Star Wars should maintain a large, more sustainable year in and year out revenue level. Recognizing this and working with Disney, we can better plan our business with improved visibility, sustainability and profitability over the long-term. As the film has gained a wider audience point of sale in early 2018 has significantly improved and is up year-to-date, including strong growth in online sales. We are working closely with Disney consumer products and interactive media to continue to drive innovative brand experiences over the coming years and in the near term to leverage the upcoming home entertainment window for the Last Jedi and to ensure that retailers position to take new inventory in support of the May release of Solo, a Star Wars story. Going forward, merchandise on shelf space will be closer to movie promotional activity and premier dates. Importantly, Star Wars remains a tremendous property and opportunity, one in which Hasbro is deeply committed. In 2017, Star Wars ranked as the number one global property in the toy and game industry according to NPD, and we look forward to driving this success for years to come. Second, revenues declined 8% in Europe during the fourth quarter. Star Wars contributed to our European decline, but as we had discussed throughout 2017 the region was also affected by a weakening UK economy as Brexit negatively impacted consumer and retailer confidence. This impact was more severe than expected late in the year. During the weeks leading up to the holidays retailers became increasingly risk-averse as online grew dramatically and UK retailers focused on minimizing inventory and maintaining margins. Several UK retailers are cutting staff in stores, and profitability was impacted as we partnered with them to work through in-store inventory. For the year, NPD estimates the UK toy and game market declined 3% and we estimate the EU5 markets declined slightly. Across the European region, e-commerce is growing rapidly, representing an even bigger piece of the market during the holiday, and disrupting traditional retailers’ business models. We have invested in a global omni-channel strategy to make Hasbro brands available everywhere consumers shop. We are working through inventory carryover in Europe, and anticipate we will face headwinds, while we address these changing market dynamics during the year, particularly in the first half. Third, our outlook for the fourth quarter reflected a higher level of uncertainty due to the September Toys“R”Us bankruptcy. This uncertainty materialized and our business with Toys“R”Us was impacted in the quarter about as we expected. We continue to partner with Toys“R”Us to support their turnaround, while managing our risk and inventory. We estimate less than half the stores in their announced closures directly affect our initial plans, but we also expect Toys“R”Us to streamline inventory at remaining stores. Much of this impact will be felt in the first two quarters of the year. We anticipate during 2018 that we will right size our business with Toys“R”Us, while leveraging our omni-channel model to ensure product is available throughout our retailer network to meet consumer demand. The development of our omni-channel product and channel strategy is aligned with where retailers are expanding, notably in emerging markets in Asia and Russia, and also in growing channels in developed economies. Despite the slower end to the year, our brand blueprint strategy is working. Franchise Brands grew 10% in 2017, behind growth in Transformers, NERF, Monopoly, and My Little Pony. Each brand activates the blueprint differently but the result is consistent; deeper consumer engagement, innovative brand and product experiences and increasingly expansive opportunities for our portfolio. NERF posted its fifth consecutive year of double-digit growth and was the number one toy and game property in the US according to NPD. We are delivering innovation that is [break frame] and performance in our products that is unparalleled. As we say, it is NERF or nothing.  Transformers and My Little Pony both leveraged multiple content platforms, including theatrical releases, animation on broadcast and streaming sites, and digital content to drive growth. Transformers revenue grew strong double-digits and storytelling delivered strong engagement based on compelling insights around the blueprint for both brands. We will talk more about storytelling and its continued importance in brand building at Toy Fair next week. Monopoly had a strong year, including a successful Token Madness promotion and product, as well as Monopoly Gamer, which introduced beloved Nintendo characters to the Monopoly game. Magic, The Gathering finished the year strong as revenue grew in the fourth quarter, but full-year revenue declined slightly. Our investments and activities for long-term growth are taking hold, including a successful closed beta for our new digital initiatives, Magic, The Gathering Arena. As gaming platforms and audiences continue to expand globally we have increased our focus on gaming. In 2017, Hasbro gaming revenues increased 10%. Our tremendous heritage of gaming expertise is a strategic differentiator, which uniquely positions us to capitalize on the dynamic opportunity in gaming across demographics and platforms. Our new innovative social games captured the fun in gaming. Kids, adults and families are playing games, while many gaming brands contributed to growth. For the year, Dungeons & Dragons was particularly successful. We also grew digital gaming revenues and we launched new gaming experiences such as DROPMIX.  Emerging Brands revenues grew 2% as Baby Alive continued to perform at a high level. FurReal Friends also had a great year, including Tyler the tiger, which was a top toy over the holiday period. While several partner brands grew in 2017, overall partner brand revenues declined 10%. Beyblade delivered a strong first year and both Marvel and Sesame Street posted higher revenues. Trolls full year revenue was down, but came close to 2016’s movie year sales, which began during Q4 last year. The softness in partner brand category came primarily from Star Wars as we discussed, and to a lesser extent Disney Frozen as it is one-year further removed from the movie year. Disney Princess revenues declined slightly, while full-year point of sale increased substantially, driven by the introduction of new properties. Looking forward, both in 2018 and beyond, we are positioned to leverage our industry leading investment in innovation and drive new brand experiences across our brand portfolio. We are excited about where Hasbro is today, the progress we are making in our brands and our organization is unlocking future opportunities for our stakeholders. Across Hasbro the brands where we have invested to execute the full brand blueprint are the ones that are producing extraordinary results and building value for our shareholders. As we look ahead, the Hasbro team is delivering on the promise of what our differentiated story-led and digital first strategy offers to consumers, audiences and customers, and we look forward to sharing more with you on February 16 at our investor event at Toy Fair. I will now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. 2017 was a record year for Hasbro. The investments we have made over the last 10 years continued to bear fruit. Overall Hasbro revenues grew 4%. Our franchise brands utilizing the full blueprint grew 10%. Hasbro Gaming grew 10%. Many emerging brands benefited from innovation and the category grew 2%. Several of our partners brands grew but the category declined 10%. Much of this decline directly impacted our fourth quarter, which had revenues lower than we had expected. As Brian discussed, after 10 months of very strong performance in both sales to our customers and sell-through to consumers, the months of November and December slowed significantly for the industry and for us, and we did not achieve the objectives we had set for the fourth quarter. Despite this, our operating profit margin for the full year was 15.6% and strong capital management continued to positively contribute to fourth-quarter earnings as it had throughout the year. In the fourth quarter, our finance organization assessed the global tax environment, which provided opportunities to utilize tax assets and re-evaluate our current and historical tax reserves. This exercise contributed to an increase in underlying earnings per share for both the quarter and the year. Similar to other US multinationals, we recorded a provisional charge related to US tax reform in the fourth quarter. As these new laws are clarified and additional guidance is provided in 2018, this amount is likely to be further adjusted. However, we anticipate a sustainable benefit to our effective tax rate in the future, and our access to global cash that will enable us to further invest in our business for long-term growth. Our cash position ended the year stronger than ever and our directors have voted an 11% increase to our quarterly dividend. In the US and Canada segment, revenues grew 5% for the year. Franchise Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands increased, while partner brands declined. Point of sale increased in the high single digits for the year with only partner brands declining slightly. Retail inventory is overall in good shape. However, we are working through carryover inventory in select brands to begin 2018. Operating profit in the US and Canada segment declined 2% and operating profit margin was 19%. The year-over-year decline was primarily driven by the mix in revenue, increased advertising and higher bad debt expense related to the Toys“R”Us bankruptcy filing in the third quarter of 2017. International segment revenues increased 2%, including a favorable $75.3 million impact from foreign exchange. Within the international segment Franchise Brands and Hasbro Gaming revenue growth offset a decline in partner brand and Emerging Brands revenue. Revenues increased in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, while Europe declined 2%. Point of sale increased in all three regions although Europe slowed late in the year. Operating profit in the international segment declined 22% to $228.7 million or 10.2% of net revenues. The decline in operating profit was driven by higher sales allowances and unfavorable product mix, as well as higher advertising. In addition, as we indicated earlier in the year, lower gains on FX hedges negatively impacted gross margins. Entertainment and licensing segment revenues increased 8%. Consumer products, digital gaming, and Boulder Media contributed to the revenue growth. The segment’s operating profit increased to $96.4 million or 33.8% of revenues as we gained leverage in our consumer products and digital gaming businesses. Overall, Hasbro operating profit margin was essentially flat, declining 10 basis points to 15.6% versus our reported operating profit margin last year. Despite lower-than-expected revenues, our team is focused on prudent cost management and delivered good operating profit margin for the year. Cost of sales increased to 39% of revenues. The 100 basis points increase resulted from higher sales analysis and higher levels of closeout sales, incremental tooling expense as well as less favorable hedges. Growth in higher margin revenues partially offset this impact. Royalty expense decreased 40 basis points to 7.8% of revenue from lower partner brand product sales. Our investment in product development remained significant but did not change materially in dollars or as a percent of revenue. Innovative brand experiences remained core to our strategy and we continue investing at rates higher than our major competitors. Program production amortization was essentially flat year-over-year. Amortization of our investment in the MY LITTLE PONY movie began in the fourth quarter, offset by lower amortization of television programming. SG&A at 21.6% of revenue, increased slightly from 21.5% in 2016, excluding the $32.9 million goodwill impairment charge. The increase includes third quarter bad debt expense associated with Toys "R" Us, higher depreciation, as well as an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. We received some benefit from lower stock compensation and bonus expense and we closely managed discretionary expenses. Turning to our results for low operating profit. Other income was $74.1 million versus $1.8 million last year. This included higher interest income as we generated better returns on higher levels of invested cash. We also realized a $19.9 million gain due to a change in the value of a long term liability due to lower corporate tax rates associated with U.S. tax reform. In addition, in 2016 we recorded foreign currency losses of $32.9 million. In 2017, this was a gain of $1.3 million. Our underlying tax rate absent the impact of tax reform was 19.9%. The reduction from our previously guided rate reflects the favorable impact of tax planning and the revaluation of current reserves. This benefit to our underlying tax rate is sustainable into the future. Our effective tax rate for the year absent the impact of U.S. tax reform was 9.5%. This includes discrete items such as the benefit from our adoption of the new accounting standard governing stock compensation and the fourth quarter reassessment of historical tax reserves and audit settlements. We anticipate U.S. tax reform will lower our overall underlying tax rate and we'll discuss this further at our Investor event at Toy Fair. In the fourth quarter, we recognized a net charge of $296.5 million related to U.S. tax reform. This net amount, included a provisional charge of $316.4 million recognizing income tax expense and the gain of $19.9 million I referenced earlier in other income. The tax charge includes an estimate for the one-time repatriation tax liability and adjustments to the company's deferred tax assets and liability to reflect a lower corporate tax rate that takes the segment 2018. As I said earlier, this number could change as there is clarification to the new law. Adjusted earnings per share absent the impact of the U.S. tax reform was $5.46. On a reported basis, including the $2.33 per share impact resulting from U.S. tax reform, net earnings were $3.12 per share. Our year-end balance sheet is strong and we generated $724.4 million in operating cash flow, ending the year with $1.58 billion in cash. We paid out $277 million in dividends and we purchased a 150 million worth of common stock. In 2018, the board has increased the quarterly dividend of 11% and we have a $178 million remaining in our current share repurchase authorization. We have a long standing commitment to deploy capital for the best long term return. This includes investing in our business; rewarding our employees for their contributions to our success; and returning excess cash to shareholders. We will continue to review our capital strategies as we gain better visibility to the ultimate impact of tax reform. Receivables increased 7% and day sales outstanding increased six days to 79 days, including two days related to the timing of collecting Toys "R" Us receivables. The remaining increase was related to the timing of collections and foreign exchange. Absent the impact of foreign exchange translation, receivables increased in line with constant currency revenue growth. Inventories increased 12%; absent foreign exchange inventories were up 5% with half of this increase due to new markets we entered during 2017. Our overall inventory at Hasbro was in good condition and associated with growing brands. With respect to retail inventory, our commercial teams in most markets collaborated to sell-through and clear inventory heading into 2018. We continue to work through higher than desired retail inventory levels primarily in Europe as we begin the year. The teams addressed significant issues in 2017, including the Toys "R" Us bankruptcy; a shifting retail landscape; the implementation of tax reform; and a slower than expected holiday season. While the last two months of the year are below our expectations, our strength through most of the year combined with our strong financial discipline, delivered a very good year. We continue to execute our strategy with excellence and we are excited about our product lines; innovation; and offerings in 2018 and beyond. We look forward to sharing these with you at our Toy Fair Investor then on February 16th We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephanie Wissink: Hi, good morning everyone. And thanks for taking our question. Deb, we want to focus on the inventory cleanup and then just have you give us some perspective on the cadence of the first task; I know there is some comparison effects that are unique this year. So, if you could talk about those two inputs on both the inventory cleanup in Europe at the retail level and then the comparisons for particularly STAR WARS, and any other FX that we should be considering in the first half on both the sales and earnings.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Good morning, Steph. As far as inventory goes, we spend as we said in our prepared remarks a good part of the end of the year cleaning up the inventory that was REIT at retail and making sure that our retailers had sufficient allowances to go ahead and clean that inventory out as we come into the early part of the year. That being said, we do have some pockets of heavy inventory out there at retail that we expect will get cleaned up in the early part of the year. With respect to our inventory, our inventory is in growing brands that's really where the increases that and we had a pretty significant impact of FX just because of the translation rates. When you back that out, the majority of the increase is in new markets that we entered into this share, such as India and into South Africa. So, our new markets inventory is growing for that as far as our inventory it's only growing brands and it's in great shape, and we do think the early part of the year will be cleaning up some pockets of high levels of inventory but beyond that we're not worried about the impact of it on the full year in any means.
Brian Goldner: Yes. And in terms of STAR WARS, what we saw was that Force Friday was very effective in 2016 after not having a film for a decade. Didn’t have the same impact in 2017. I think we were too far out from the sale and we did see that initial fan response and particularly around our Black series product and other fan oriented products. Go-forward, we're partnering with this need to merchandise our films closer to the movie dates and take advantage of the film marketing. So, for example, for Han Solo movie, the toys will be available in April for the May movie. We also saw an outsize impact on STAR WARS in our international markets particularly in Europe. The international revenues as a percentage declined more than overall revenues. I think as we go forward, what we see is STAR WARS has a large brand that contributes to the company with greater visibility to an extraordinary annual entertainment slate. And the way I'd look at it would be if you took the five years leading up to the 2015 movies and then thought about the way we perform last year absent excess inventory. The next five years would be move valuable to us as well as to the Disney Company. So, we see STAR WARS as a major contributor go-forward, albeit at a more normalized level.
Stephanie Wissink: Thanks, Brian. And do you want to follow Deb on the tax rate. I think you're suggesting that the 19.9% or roughly 20% is kind of sustainable rate going forward. Is that how you'd like us to model starting in 2018?
Deb Thomas: I think, beginning in 2018, we do see all the benefits that we got that let us from our previous guidance to that rate as being sustainable. And that's what I wanted to convey we've done some significant tax planning and done a lot of work to make sure many of these attributes that contributed to a tax benefit before U.S. tax reform were sustainable. So, I'd like to make sure people take that away because the things that we did are sustainable go-forward. That being said, we do think that U.S. tax reform in addition to giving us greater access to our international cash, is going to help provide further benefit to our tax rate. We actually think our tax rate go forward in 2018, will be between 15% to 17% and we'll talk more about this at Toy Fair but we do believe we have a sustainable lower rate go-forward.
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is in the line of Michael Ng of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Ng: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on why consumer demand slowed in November and December. I'm just trying to understand whether you're seeing any impact from the shift toward e-commerce or if there's anything changing in terms of the consumer perception of Toys in general. Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yes, thanks. Well, actually what we saw is just differentiated performance between different product categories. Our franchise brands remain incredibly strong through the holidays growing double-digits. In fact, we saw a significant growth in TRANSFORMERS, one of our strongest growth brands in the fourth quarter and for the full year. NERF grew and several of our franchise brands grew. We also saw a great consumer demand and great growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and from MY LITTLE PONY. So, what we're seeing is where we're activating the full brand blueprint, we're seeing that growth in the consumer takeaway where we're really engaged with that consumer on a significant basis. We also saw in our gaming category, we saw growth in we're at not for one or two brands like PIE FACE from a year ago. Our games business overall performed incredibly well. We did see a difference in consumer demand in the partner brands and particularly across the number of different partner brands. We did have some great performance from partner brands like MARVEL and SESAME STREET and several others. But recalled it a year ago TROLLS launched in Q4. So, all of the revenue for 2016 was in Q4 patrols. And we said that TROLLS for example had had a very good year around the same revenue as 2016 but on a full year basis. So, therefore Q4 versus Q4 year-on-year would be down considerably and it was. So, between that, the impact of brands that were dissipating like YOKAI WATCH from a year ago that had a outside impact in the international. And then of course STAR WARS, we do see some differentiated demand between different product categories. So overall, we are seeing very strong consumer take away across several of our product categories and in fact our emerging brands POS was quite strong, gaming was strong, franchise brands were all strong in Q4 and for the full year. The one area that was down in Q4 was partner brands and POS.
Michael Ng: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. Could you just remind us what your key capital priorities are and you mentioned tax reform being one of those things that will give you more access international cash. What do you expect to do with that cash?
Deb Thomas: I think, as we evaluate tax reform and we're the clarification for the laws come out, we'll see the amount that ultimately will bring back and we're constantly looking at what are our requirements for cash combined with and we talked about this a bit earlier that we're actually earning interest income on the smart investments we're making with our cash. So, we will look at cash requirements and continue to do first and foremost what we say we always do, invest for the long-term growth of our business for our shareholders and then absent that we will return cash to our shareholders. Excess cash to our shareholders.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Felicia Hendrix: So Brian, in your prepared remarks you highlighted a number of challenges in the first half including resale carry over in Europe, U.K. and then also right sizing your business with Toys "R" Us. So, I'm just trying to kind of peel back the layers there. What would be the impact on the year of those things, also inclusive of evolving more towards omni-channel and could this quote on quote right sizing drive a full year revenue decline in '18 or are you expecting revenue growth?
Brian Goldner: Yes. We feel very good about full year 2018 prospects. We're very excited about the initiatives that we have lined up for 2018. We come in into the year with great franchise brand growth, a very strong games business and great performance for MAGIC: THE GATHERING and in the fourth quarter and just slightly below a year ago and full year revenues. We have MAGIC: Arena that had a very successful closed beta and we will launch Arena in 2018 and we'll talk more about that at Toy Fair. We have a number of product categories that are working for us. We're going to work through the inventory that remains in Europe, but I feel very strongly that Europe can grow again. Of course, because it has grown over the last several years and I think that they're addressing those issues in real time. In terms of Toys "R" Us, we've always said we had an expanding retail channel network. We go to more doors today than even before and more new channels including value and drug and grocery. And some of our biggest new retailers have really grown in places like Russia. We have very strong success in China, and we'll talk more about the kinds of initiatives that we have going on there. So overall, we feel very good about 2018 but we do have some headwinds early in the year as we right size the Toys "R" Us business and we deal with some pockets of inventory in Europe.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Just and beside before I go to my follow-up. What's your online exposure now versus what was it for '17 versus what you think it could be in '18?
Brian Goldner: It continues to increase at a fairly fast rate. In fact, POS and online is growing at about three times the rate of our brick and mortar business. But many of our quote and quote brick and mortar customers and now omni-channel customers were performing quite strongly like Wal-Mart who's performing quite strongly in an omni-channel environment. So, overall we're seeing a very strong double-digit growth but we're also seeing overall POS growth for our business. I'd say you'll continue to see online grow. We're seeing it in more highly penetrated in Asia, and in Europe, and I think that potents that kind of percentages we should see over the next couple of years. 25% to 30% of our business should certainly be online.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then, just on STAR WARS, I'm just trying to really understand the change because the path during movies now have been kind of released the same time of the year. And it just seems like there was more of a challenge this year and you're changing your strategy a bit in terms of merchandizing and timing. So, if I may use the term as is there STAR WARS the key, I mean I'm just not understanding what's different.
Brian Goldner: Yes. No, I don’t. And really I don’t see it as at all as STAR WARS fatigue. I think the entertainment has been quite good. I think it was about the timing of merchandizing versus when you started to see the sale through. So, or you have a -- we had Force Friday that was quite early in 2015 because there had not been a movie out there for 10 years. Clearly, there was a lot of pent-up demand across the board, a lot of marketing that happened very early on and a lot of both paid and earned media that happened around that brand during the 2015 period. 2016, with Rogue One, the merchandise was much closer to the movie launch. We went back to more of a Force Friday approach with a longer window before the movie launched. The movie marketing kicked in and we began to really see our sell-through accelerate. But remember, the movie was mid-December and by then we were tracking below the kinds of POS numbers we had seen in prior movies. So, what's really heartening is as people are now have enjoyed the movie and more people are enjoying the movie and as we head toward the home entertainment window, and those home entertainment windows are increasingly important in our business again, which is great. We're seeing very strong POS growth year-to-date in 2018. We'll head toward in our approaching the home entertainment window for Last Jedi and then of course we'll move in April to merchandise the Solo movie which of course comes in May. So, again I feel that there's great vitality in STAR WARS and just to put a point on it, we had great results the underlying business and we've seen great takeaway for the underlying business. The size of the business is still very large and we know was the number one toy game property for the full year of last year, internationally or globally. And we continue to believe it will be that kind of business for us with great visibility to entertainment and great sustainability and frankly some better profitability for us as we go forward, as we partner and go forward and therefore we could have a more valuable brand over the next five years and we've had over the period that led up to the 2015 movie, those same five years.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So, the punch line just seems that people are now or consumers are now buying the product much closer to the release than they were in the past, just given the kind of cadence of where we are in this plaza.
Brian Goldner: Well, I think it's really more about we'd entered in unprecedented era of entertainment. There are so much great entertainment that is out there. So, just think about as one example. You had Force Friday that launched early earlier and then you had a great storm movie. They came in between the launch of the Force Friday merchandise and the STAR WARS movie. So, you just have a lot of entertainment coming, so narrowing those windows so you're really able to take advantage of this specific marketing and these big marketing campaigns around the brands enables you to do quite a strong job in merchandising those films. And you see for the year that MARVEL was up for the year and MARVEL was up quite considerably in the fourth quarter for us. It was a great performer for us. We saw a great growth in Thor contributed; Guardians of the Galaxy contributed; Spider-Man was spectacular for us particularly in the fourth quarter. So, I think what we have to do is look at what this kind of entertainment with people enjoying so much content and entertainment. We put the merchandising closer to when the marketing for those properties really takes hold and we start to see that great sell-through that we've come to expect.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Makes sense, thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your questions.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Just a couple of follow-ups, clarifications. Deb, on the tax rate, the 15% to 17%, is that all in or is that just federal. And then, Brian or Deb, whoever wants to take this, just to clarify that percent of your business that was online in 2017, and then just in general broadly, do you anticipate the follow-up on Felicia's question, revenue growth in '18.
Deb Thomas: So, with respect to the tax rate, it's I would say it's -- they will still be discreet items as there are like settlements of audits and things like that. I'm happy to say whatever stock comps benefit there is under the new tax flow will be baked in to our rates. However, with that I would have to caveat there still probably going to be more clarification to the tax law out there. I think somethings were not perhaps as clear as they could be and as the law maker's work on clarifying that. That could have an impact on the rate. So, we will quantify that and talk about that as we see it happening along with everyone else.
Brian Goldner: And overall, for online sales, I'd say it was in the very high teens on average. But there are regions where it's much higher than that like Asia and several markets in Europe. And we continue to see the acceleration of online. And as I said, 2018, we feel very good about our initiatives about the performance of our brands, the way the brand blueprint in our gaming businesses has grown and our emerging brands. So, we feel good that we can grow in 2018 and beyond as we have grown over the last number of years.
Tim Conder: Okay. Well, thank you. And Brian, on STAR WARS, you mentioned that if I understood you right and correct me if I'm wrong here, that it was weaker internationally. How do we kind of balance that versus the movie had broader distribution and promotion by Disney versus the property being weaker internationally?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Look, I view it through the lens of the fact that we saw challenges in Europe and we saw challenges particularly in the U.K. that's a major market for properties like STAR WARS. So, I would say that clearly both the paid marketing and earned marketing, the fans in the U.S. really helped to deliver a strong box office here, it also delivered a very strong box office, globally. But in terms of the retail takeaway and sell-in, was lower in particularly outsized impact in places like Europe and in our international market, just represent more of the line share, the decline in percentage terms. And that's what we've seen.
Tim Conder: Okay, Brian.
Brian Goldner: So, right. It's a great global property. But by contrast, just to give you an example; TRANSFORMERS international business was incredibly strong; the U.S. business was strong; the brand overall was strong. And so, our proportion of international business for brand like TRANSFORMERS or frankly they successfully had in MY LITTLE PONY this year with our film and our all-screen strategy along with consumer products and gaming. That formula of the brand blueprint is delivering a bigger global footprint for the company, the way we're executing our games business and including MAGIC: THE GATHERING is a bigger global footprint and we're getting a higher proportion of our sales internationally than in the U.S. for those brands versus a brand like STAR WARS it's still at the end of the year in 2017 more domestically oriented.
Tim Conder: Okay. Well, helpful, thank you. And then lastly, you alluded to a little bit about Toys "R" Us, let's take the draconian that they end up having the liquidity in North America. It sounds like you're continuing to push very hard to spread that distribution among other customer bases which has been ongoing. But just maybe anything on a contingency plan, anything which you can additional can share?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Since we spoke in October, the one other element to the Toys "R" Us business that was out there but for everyone's benefit, was their CVA which is similar to the bankruptcy they executed in the U.S., the CVA they executed in Europe and in the U.K. business. And so, we are seeing the store closings in the U.K. as well that did. That's what I talked about in my prepared remarks as I talked about retailers pairing stores and personnel and certainly coming down. Our team has built a plan for the right sizing of the Toys "R" Us business. We have continued to grow the number of doors and continued to grow our revenues outside of Toys "R" Us. We continue to be supportive of them but most importantly we continue to manage our risk and inventory as they streamline the amount of inventory they can take. And we are prepared for any eventuality. Obviously, the more time we have the better it is but our teams have responded to challenges before. You've seen how they've responded and maintained operating profit even in a challenging quarter and a challenging finish to the year like 2017. We understand we're working in a dynamic market.
Tim Conder: Okay. Thank you, and Deb, both appreciated.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Deb Thomas: Hi, Drew.
Drew Crum: Talk about directionally how you see gross margin in 2018 and some of the puts and takes influencing that line. And then separately, Brian, can you talk about your expectations for BEYBLADE in '18. And then relative to past products like well year two which you are in and you typically see a spike or a peak with the brand to this. I want to know how you're thinking about that because win factor on '18 fail.
Brian Goldner: Yes. I'll take BEYBLADE first and then Deb will do gross margin. On BEYBLADE, we had a very good year last year. It was kind of comparable in pattern two years prior that first year you're absolutely right through. This business very well. That BEYBLADE is performing quite a high level, obviously different by certain countries. But BEYBLADE is off to a very good start and we would expect it to be a contributor to this year's business. I won't specifically size it for you but suffice it to say you're right it's our second year in most countries around the world.
Deb Thomas: Sure. And with respect to gross margin. So, we were down a 100 basis points. And we said at the beginning of the year, we expected our gross margin to be down because we had lower gains on hedges coming in. so, that was a piece of it, that was about a quarter of the impact. We also had because of underperformance on some other brands that we've talked about, add some trolling impact to that as well. As we look forward, we're very positive on gross margin. We see no reason why we will get back to the levels that we had a year ago. And we'll talk more about the puts and takes on that at Toy Fair. But those were some of the bigger impacts on the full year.
Drew Crum: Okay. And then maybe one last one, Brian. This with respect to STAR WARS, were there minimum guaranteed shortfalls on the property or is there that something that as a potential risk as you think about the brand and the licensing arrangement?
Brian Goldner: Yes. I know that no minimum guarantee shortfalls. We continue to earn out that contract in a very strong manner. When I talk about that ongoing business, I'm talking about a business, it's quite sizeable. I'm talking about a business which's a major contributor to us and to the industry. And I do think it's a brand over time, over the next five years that could be more valuable having more revenue over a five year period than the five years that would even include the 2015 movie year. It's more about having that visibility and line-of-sight to great entertainment that's coming in the future and the ability to plan and seeing less of that surge and strength that we used to see between film years and non-movie years.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Handler: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for the question. Two things for you. First, I wonder if you could dig a little bit into NERF. You said this was the fifth consecutive year of double-digit growth. Where is that growth coming from, is it new markets, or the existing markets still growing at a similar level as the new markets and how big is the opportunity to keep NERF growing at a double-digit rate? And then secondly, just wonder if you could do a clarification as we think about ship-in for 1Q or 2Q with The Avengers kicking off the summer movie season at the beginning of May. Will that be a 1Q ship-in and then same thing with Solo, you said that ships that those products are going to be on shelves on April. Does that mean you get a 1Q shipping for Solo Toys as well?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, only comment on that first step. I would expect both of those properties to have more of an impact in the second quarter, far more. Because of again this the way we're windowing and merchandising around those films. And so, I would not count those ship-ins in any considerable way in Q1. Obviously, we're very excited about Black Panther. There obviously it's been ship-ins in the first quarter for Black Panther. We're very excited about the score that it's received, then the global excitement around that brand is palpable. And we're very excited to add that to the already powerful line-up from MARVEL that's coming for 2018. As I said before, I thought the line-up from MARVEL was among the strongest we'd ever seen and therefore really impacts the fact that I think our line-up for the years among the strongest we've ever seen. And I've also although you didn’t ask specifically about this, as we get through the year, I've had a chance to see the Bumblebee movie and where that's coming out. So, as we even go into the end of the year, we got strength-to-strength and Bumblebee is a delightful movie that I'm very excited to share with people as well. And so, throughout the year we have a great line-up in schedule. For NERF, it's really come down to great industry leading innovation insights driving user generated content. It's really the full blueprint execution. It was the number one property in the U.S. we're seeing strength across all the different categories; our Rival business, very strong; Elite was strong, NITRO was a very strong launch internationally and a very good launch in the U.S. But yet, still plenty of running room for a lot of those new initiatives. Our core business on NERF is very strong. And we take nothing for granted in continuing to innovate, you're going to see new categories of innovation as we go forward. We're seeing growth both in developed economies and emerging markets. We continue to build out the footprint of Rival, our basic NERF businesses are very global. And it's among the favorite products and brands around the world in any number of countries around the world. And so, again we're very excited about what we've done there. But it's about industry leading innovation and again it goes back to the focus on our brand blueprint and how our franchise brands have that superior profitability. We continue to still invest and deliver that outsize profitability relative to the company average. And we see NERF is able to grow for many years to come.
Eric Handler: Great, thanks. But just one quick follow-up. So, you mentioned Bumblebee. Bumblebee coming out in late December, I think the 22nd. That's going to be sort of sandwiching between the Spider-Man animated movie which I imagine should be very kid-friendly and then you got Aquaman. We'll have to see how that performs. But and I would think you probably have some competition from STAR WARS home video toys around the holiday as well. Does that make things very challenging for Bumblebee?
Brian Goldner: No. look, if you look at TRANSFORMERS, I think that we go from strength-to-strength. This year, TRANSFORMERS in the fourth quarter was in dollar terms, our biggest growing brand. And overall for the year grew very strong double-digits. It's because we are perpetually engaged with our audience by demographic and psychographic. We have a preschool RESCUE BOTS show, we have our Cyberverse focused on our core kid six-to-nine year-old. We continue to run more adult oriented content on Machinima for that fan. Fan business is growing in a very significant manner. And then of course we have our movies. It was a movie year but our products were about the movie but also about all these other dimensions of TRANSFORMERS. So, this is a brand that's working everywhere globally, it's a brand that's exceedingly strong and getting stronger in China. We'll talk more at Toy Fair about the major global initiatives and in gaming and how this brand comes to life. So, when we talk about our Bumblebee movie, it's really the focal point of an entire blueprint activation that will take place around that time of year. And we will bring to bear all of the different strengths and power inside the blueprint to bring Bumblebee and TRANSFORMERS to life at that time. So, we know that there is an amazing array of entertainment with the beneficiaries of a lot of that that's in the world today and we think our brand like Bumblebee and TRANSFORMERS holds its own.
Eric Handler: Thank you, very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Swartz with SunTrust Robinson. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Swartz: Hey, good morning everyone.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Swartz: I just wanted to touch on advertising spend during the quarter came in a little higher than I would have expected given the revenue decline. So, maybe talk a little bit about what drove the year-over-year growth there. Was it timing, was it something kind of a nuance to the fourth quarter?
Deb Thomas: No. Actually, we talked about partnering with our retailers to make sure some of the inventory that maybe with a little bit slow moving in November and December really was moving. And it was probably more of that than anything else. We really wanted to make sure we headed into 2018 with the best momentum behind our product as possible. So, that's really kind of what you were seeing in the fourth quarter.
Michael Swartz: Got it. Would imagine over time in '18 that advertising gets back to more of a normalized level on a full year basis.
Deb Thomas: On a full year basis, I would. Yes.
Michael Swartz: Okay. And that was my next question, is just and Brian you've talked about aligning the merchandising of some of these theatrical properties with the release window a little tightened or maybe leverage some of the studios marketing. Is that something that you think you can get some incremental leverage maybe even above and beyond historical levels going forward?
Brian Goldner: Well look, I think as we -- this has number of levers that exists inside of the marketing elements for the around the blueprint in the company. You have the traditional advertising, you have an increasing array of digital opportunities for digital marketing and advertising including inspiring user generated content. Then we have all kinds of forms of content from all the way as short as gets to short form to stream content or bespoke episodic content. So, it's really we look at all that as marketing and advertising. So, traditional advertising does change and probably does overtime come down a bit but it's being augmented by and rounded and replaced by some of these other categories of marketing where we're able to talk about story and character and branding brand engagement where our audiences and consumers are globally. So, overtime again I think you're seeing the benefit of the investments we made in our own brands including our games business and our emerging brands and that we will continue to get leverage in advertising and marketing and storytelling. 
Michael Swartz: All right, great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, thank you. A lot of my questions are answered but maybe I can be a bit more specific. In terms of first half revenue growth puts and takes and thank you for all the color in the prepared remarks as well as the Q&A. Given some pockets of inventory as well as sort of Toys "R" Us situation, do you feel growth in the first half could be tough to come by for the industry and for Hasbro or do you feel that you can fare better given not all of those closures perhaps directly impact you? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Look, I'm not going to comment by quarter on our revenues. I'd say that I think our prospects for growth in 2018 are very strong as a company for the full year 2018. And by quarter, we're going to work through first quarter, second quarter, particularly in some of the pockets of inventory Deb has talked about in Europe. With Toys "R" Us, says like said we have a plan on how we manage our risk in inventory and support them but also have a growing array of destinations for great product, innovative product, this product that's selling. And we have great levers and ways to engage our audiences and consumers in those brand stories and characters, including our partner's brands. So, not going to really give any specific guidance by quarter, suffice it to say I gave you some sense of where some of the shipment should occur more in the second quarter than the first quarter on some of the entertainment brands.
Arpine Kocharyan: All right, that makes sense. And then going back to the capital allocation question, Brian, you're sitting on north of $1.5 billion of cash that is now obviously more tax efficiently brought back to U.S. than historically when you've been able to do this, you've seen an uptick in buyback. In terms of returns, do buybacks still make sense or there is a better use of your capital that could yield higher return?
Brian Goldner: Look, our focus first and foremost has been investing in our business and we think those investments are really coming to the floor; you're seeing it in our results. Obviously, building our brand blueprint capabilities, we added Backflip, our mobile gaming business that continues to perform in a stronger way each and every year. We got Boulder Media, our animation studio allowing us to create incredible content at a much more nominal price point you saw or you will see from us efforts there. We've also selectively acquired brands overtime like Micronauts that we're now activating writing script around and working with our partners at Paramount as part of our inaugural effort on our new five-year deal with them to bring those brands to life and story and to bring those out around the world. So, that's where we're going to really focus and focus our attention first and foremost. In terms of buybacks, Deb will outline for you on what we are thinking. We have historically been buying back about $150 million worth of shares. I imagine that's about where we would be for 2018 and that helps to take in the overhang on our stock from stock compensation. And then we remain open to other ideas about how to deploy our capital for the strongest return to our shareholders. Are very happy to see that our ROIC has continued to increase over the last three years. And absent the impact of the tax reform, our ROIC hit a new high in 2017, up 2% versus 2016. So, that's how I would look at things.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Linda Weiser with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your questions.
Linda Weiser: Hi. I was wondering if you could just give a little more color on the growth margin performance in the quarter because it was actually quite good given that you mentioned that you had to make sure that the retailers have what they needed to work through the product. Your gross margin was only down 50 basis points versus last quarter it was down a 160 basis points. So, is that all just mix or is there some other factor that accounts for the growth margin in the quarter?
Deb Thomas: No. We did have a positive contribution from product mix in the quarter, that between that and if you actually look at the performance of our business overall and this is one of the things that we've talked about with respect to those long term investments and how we see the ability for operating profit to expand. We really had a good contribution from our entertainment and licensing business. So, that is a very high margin business. So, when you see the pieces all mixed together, it really comes down to that mix and that's one of the reasons again why we've invested in that business because overall we see that as a great opportunity not just to extend gross margin but our overall operating profit margin as a company.
Linda Weiser: Thanks, that's helpful. And then, can you comment on just in terms of how you think about the franchise brands because we've seen some struggles by LITTLEST PET SHOP and MY LITTLE PONY did better this year but will that be sustainable? Will the movie benefits be sustainable going forward? And how do you think about moving things out of the franchise brands and maybe moving some emerging brands into there like BABY ALIVE has been doing quite well. How do you think about your portfolio in that way?
Brian Goldner: Well, I think first thing I would tell you is you are very insightful about the way we think about our business and we'll probably share some things with you at Toy Fair around how we think about our brands and the portfolio brands that we go forward with. I've always said that not every brand would grow every year but we certainly are thinking about our brands and how to reinvent, reignite and re-imagine each brand every year. Every brand has to be regularly re-imagined and that's why you're seeing the success overtime of our franchise brands. In fact, achieving 49% of our revenues this past year up 3% point versus the prior year. And up considerably versus when we started this 10 years ago. We continue to believe that our franchise brands and our gaming business and the way we approach them are strategic differentiators for the company. Will every one of our games grow every year? Now, we've seen PIE FACE go backwards this past year. But yet, overall our games business has grown and our franchise brands had grown and our emerging brands have grown offset by some emerging brands that haven't grown. But I think we run them the broadest portfolio and the strongest portfolio brands with the most compelling strategy in our industry and the greatest teams in any industry. So, that's how I would view it. And so, as we go forward, we'll talk more about the story telling from MY LITTLE PONY and our plans we obviously have great plans in store over the next number of years to continue MY LITTLE PONY's March in growth and to engage consumers across all elements of the blueprint. One of the things I was very heartened about, Deb just mentioned, is that performance in consumer products and the performance globally across other consumer products category, including Apparel and other consumer products and that's quite good for the brand as well.
Linda Weiser: Great. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey good morning.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Gerrick.
Gerrick Johnson: So, I was curious -- good morning guys. What select brands do you have the access carry over inventory and also wondering if there are any payments from Paramount that might have been in the quarter and then the whole retail shift to just in time? How do you feel that you guys navigated that transition? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, in the retail shift in just in time is something that we've been navigating throughout time and we feel that we have the capability to continue to navigate in that way reducing the weeks of supply for online and omni-channel. We've been de-levering on overall basis to address that and also building the skill set to do that which is also within the brand blueprint in the way we go to retail channels. So, we feel good about that. Obviously, we've talked about some of the brands that underperformed in Q4. Those are the brands where there are pockets of inventory. And if we talk about on the corollary area inventory growth which is up a bit, it's all around brands and areas of the world where we're growing. So, our inventories around TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY and other brands of ours that have been growing around games that have been growing and then by region if you just took our inventory ups in effects, the inventory growth is half of the inventory growth is just because we've opened a market in India and in South America, South Africa. So, again our inventories are absolutely placed where we are seeing growth in our business.
Deb Thomas: And with respect to payments from Paramount, we may have gotten some in the normal course of business but nothing material to call out.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Susan Anderson with B. Riley. Please go ahead with your question.
Susan Anderson: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just a follow-up on the inventory and the gross margin. I think, you guys had said that you gave some extra retailer dollars in the fourth quarter. How much of that pressure of kind of cleaning up that inventory came in the fourth quarter and then I guess how much more is left to come in first to maybe second quarter this year?
Deb Thomas: Well, in the fourth quarter we did make sure that our retailers had sufficient allowances to take any mark down they thought they needed to take declare inventory in the quarter and as far as we look at it we are adequately provided a year end for what we think the impact is going to be go-forward. So, we don't anticipate having any significant impact in 2018 from excess inventory other than it just maybe a little slow to take inventory in the early part of the year, as we retailers we work with them to clean that up.
Susan Anderson: Great, that's helpful. And then, I guess just a follow-up on that previous question on the pockets of inventory. Assuming STAR WARS particularly in Europe maybe one of those, I guess it sounds like replenishments just wanted strong in fourth quarter. Did those pickup in first quarter as you guys saw POS pickup or how should we think about the flow of that inventory?
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think the way you should think about it and this is what I was talking about with the expanded window of Force Friday II. We had a merchandise on shelf relatively early in 2017 in the early fall for the movie which was consistent with what had been done in Force Friday 1 of 2015. So, we have an inventory that was in the market, we saw a great initial uptick from the fans around particularly around our fan oriented product through the month of September and then into October and then in November December as that you would see that pivot we just saw the rates of sale and take away below what we had expected. And so, the inventory existed at that time in anticipation of a higher sell-in and sell-through of product for brands like STAR WARS. And so, that's the inventory that we clean up. So, in terms of where we go forward, we'll sell through that inventory. Year-to-date, we're seeing very strong POS as more people now had seen the movie. We're approaching a home entertainment window that includes electronic sell-through, we're seeing how home entertainment windows, electronic sell-through windows are having greater impact on our business than they have in many years because people are enjoying watching content and entertainment at home. And we'll also help to see the story with younger consumers as we've seen historically as they watch it at home versus in the theaters. And it should enable us to partner with Disney to move through the inventory and then to merchandise the Han Solo films and product in the April timeframe for the May movie.
Susan Anderson: Thanks, that's helpful. And just last one on digital gaming. Can you maybe just talk about a little bit more of the growth there and how big you think digital gaming could be as a percent of the gaming revenues and as we look out into the future?
Brian Goldner: We take on digital gaming in a number of ways. So, we do a third party digital gaming arrangements; it's royalty income. So, it's not recognized as revenue as more as royalty income at a very high operating margin and we have very strong relationships there. Many of our brands are performing quite strongly there across a number of dimensions including MONOPOLY on the switch for this past holiday. Then we have Backflip Studios; our own mobile gaming company that's shown significant improvement year-on-year and are contributing brands and brand efforts like TRANSFORMERS: EARTH WARS which performed quite well as well as their DragonVale brand and a few others in that area. And then, we also have gaming arrangements in China with Tencent; TRANSFORMERS are very successful; PC online game; and then of course we've talked about for MAGIC, building an array of digital games and then the teams really made a lot of progress there. We'll talk more about Arena and MAGIC at the gathering at Toy fair. So, you have a digital component there and then an increasing array of digital play as we see more global digital gamers. So, a very big opportunity for our company. In fact, gaming overall is one of our big strategic differentiators. It's an area of focus for us and it's an area of growth. And I expect that 2018 will continue to demonstrate that progress.
Susan Anderson: Great, sounds good. Thanks, so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, this is actually Fred Whiteman on for Greg. If we look at the U.K. business, obviously that was weak but you'd signaled that would be the case earlier in the year. I think you'd also called out Brazil scenario to monitor. How did that market come in versus your expectations in the quarter?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Brazil is about where we thought it would be; it was down. What we really saw on Brazil, I would view is much more of a short term issue. We saw a competitive product being deeply discounted and it put pressure on the market in an environment where you had a political environment that was a bit less stable and consumer confidence that was a bit shaky temporarily. We're already seeing the opportunity in Brazil for 2018. The teams feel good about our market position. We just had Toy Fair as down there and the response to our product line was quite strong. And retailers are better positioned as we go forward and some of that very low price products that was being cleared through the market from others, should dissipate.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then, if we look at the other income contribution in '17 versus last year, it was up pretty significantly. Some of that's due to interest income but could you sort of walk through some of the non-recurring items that we should be keeping in mind when we're modeling '18?
Deb Thomas: Absolutely. So, we and we'll put a chart up on this Toy Fair too, just to kind of help you how we're thinking about it. But from '16 to '17 we had a big FX loss. In the fourth quarter of '16 and we had a small gain in '17 and we would expect on a normalized basis to while we can't properly thoroughly predict foreign exchange impact. We would expect that to be more recurring. However, we also had a large gain under re-measurement of the liability. That was about, it was $19.9 million and that specifically related to the new tax rates under the U.S. tax law. So, that would be non-recurring. However, we continue to earn a high rate of interest on our better investing of cash that we have. We also continue to have consistent performance with our share of the Discovery Family channel and it's the same as we've talked about all year, so we saw a repeat in the fourth quarter about that. So those are the types of recurring things and then the nonrecurring would be the large FX which we can't predict and also the tax re-measurement that was in non-up.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect, thanks.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Jim Chartier with Monness Crespi Hardt. Please proceed with your questions.
Jim Chartier: Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. I just wanted to talk about the industry growth and how you guys are thinking about industry street demand. You had a slow down over the last 18 months following pretty strong mid single-digit growth for two or three years and flattish or down POS for the industry in fourth quarter. So, how are you thinking about the industry going forward and is the fourth quarter slowdown impacting the way that retailers are thinking about the category?
Brian Goldner: Look, we still believe that there will be a low-to-mid single-digit growth in our business in developed economies. We'll probably see low single-digit growth in most developed economies around the world. We see stronger growth in many markets in the world like Russia and China and we're participating in that. We would expect double-digit growth absent FX over time in emerging markets. Obviously, this past year we had 5% emerging market growth, absent FX again due to some of the we see are short term issues in places like Brazil. And we feel good that the industry will continue to grow with great innovation and we've grown overtime our market share and also grown in excess of industry growth and we'll continue to want to make that progress. We think that executing the blueprint strategy in our games business, we will talk more about it at Toy Fair; both of those can help lead our growth.
Jim Chartier: Great, thanks. And best of luck.
Deb Thomas: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I will turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob. And thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. We look forward to seeing you in our Investor event at Toy Fair, next Friday, February 16th. And Hasbro's first quarter earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Monday, April 23rd. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you, for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - VP of Investor Relations Brian Goldner - CEO Deb Thomas - CFO
Analysts: Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Stephanie Wissink - Jefferies Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup Eric Handler - MKM Partners Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Arpiné Kocharyan - UBS Linda Bolton Weiser - D.A. Davidson Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our third quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our Web site. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I'd now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro team delivered a very good third quarter, the highest revenue and earnings quarter in our history. We’ve positioned Hasbro to unlock the full potential of our brands, investing significantly across the brand blueprint. We're still in the early stages of realizing our ambition. During this quarter, we demonstrated our strategy's ability to deliver growth amid challenging conditions, across a number of dimensions. Revenues grew in each operating segment with double-digit consumer takeaway globally at retail. Franchise Brands, Hasbro Gaming, and Emerging Brands revenues increased led by growth in NERF, TRANSFORMERS, MY LITTLE PONY, MONOPOLY, BABY ALIVE, FURREAL FRIENDS, SPEAK OUT, and TWISTER. Our commercial and finance teams are effectively managing the short-term disruption from the Toys "R" Us restructuring and bankruptcy filing in the U.S and Canada, as well as ongoing softness in the U.K and Brazil. And our investments in our multi-screen content to commerce and omni-channel retail strategies are building deeper consumer engagement across multiple brand experiences as evidenced by the growth in TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY. The industry data supports our success. And through August, Hasbro ranked first in the G11 toy and game markets according to industry sources. Hasbro revenues grew in developed economies including the U.S., Canada, France, Germany, Mexico, and Australia. Emerging market revenues increased 8% with growth in China and Russia, as well as from our new operations in India. As we discussed last quarter, the U.K and Brazil continued to face tough economic conditions and we forecast that to continue in the near-term. Our diverse geographic and brand portfolio positions us to overcome these challenges with strength in other major markets. In addition, over the past several years, our global commercial teams have invested in an omni-channel retail strategy, which puts Hasbro where consumers are shopping not just at mass and toy specialty, but importantly in e-commerce where consumer take away continues to outpace total point-of-sale, as well as in emerging channels including value, grocery, and drug, new feature shops at retailers, fan and specialty retail. While the near-term impact of Toys "R" Us is disruptive, and we paused shipments for a short period as we gain clarity on the situation. We are working with them as we enter the holiday period. This doesn't impact our outlook for overall consumer takeaway, which has continued to be strong, but does introduce higher uncertainty as to the level of shipments to them in the fourth quarter. Importantly, we're also well positioned in new and growing channels with the wealth of retail options, in store, online, and omni-channel, we're confident in the collective long-term outlook for the retail landscape. For the third quarter, Hasbro's Franchise Brand revenues increased 7% with growth in NERF, TRANSFORMERS, MY LITTLE PONY, and MONOPOLY. Hasbro Gaming increased 22% and Emerging Brands were up 9%. NERF has posted double-digit growth throughout 2017 and Q3 was no exception. Global POS was up in the mid to high teens for the quarter, increasing in all regions. NERF Nitro launched and is off to a good start. TRANSFORMERS multi screen entertainment continued to drive revenue growth in the franchise. Point-of-sale was up versus last year and up versus the last movie year. This fall, we continue with new entertainment initiatives to engage our fans. The global home entertainment release of Transformers: The last Knight took place on September 28 and all new episodes of Robots in Disguise and RESCUE BOTS are running on linear and streamed services. In addition, in partnership with Machinima, in November we're debuting the second chapter of the critically acclaimed digital animated series Prime Wars Trilogies: TITANS RETURN. We see every day that brands backed by multi format stories combined with merchandise based on robust investment in innovation, deliver engaging experiences for consumers, fans, and audiences. Consumer insights, storytelling, and content remain an integral part of creating successful sustainable brand franchises and Hasbro is building industry-leading expertise. My Little Pony revenue increased behind the release of MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE and successfully drove point-of-sale gains around the movie debut. Our content to commerce model delivers multiple revenue streams, including entertainment and merchandise, and we are well positioned in our investment. The film was successful in reinvigorating and energizing our core consumer base and our fan base, while inviting new fans into the brand. The film is yet to be released in a number of international markets and will be followed by the Home Entertainment window, an important element of expanding the audience. MONOPOLY revenues were up with several new games, including the Token Madness edition as well as MONOPOLY Gamer, featuring Nintendo characters and new game play. As expected, MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues declined in the quarter, while play numbers remained high and sentiment from players and stores is positive. Our new digital gaming initiative MAGIC: THE GATHERING arena was announced on September 7 and will go into close beta in November. MAGIC: THE GATHERING franchise remains strong and our investments in its content, storytelling, and digital platform will continue as we believe there remains significant future potential for the franchise. Hasbro Gaming revenues grew 22% and consumer takeaway increased at a similar level. Gaming growth continued across multiple formats and our expertise in gaming coupled with our ability to translate social trends into commercial gaming experiences is driving growth around the world. Partner brand revenues decreased led by declines in YOKAI WATCH as well as DREAMWORKS' TROLLS, which was down versus last year's third quarter launch of movie product. Point-of-sale for the category was up, including gains in MARVEL, DISNEY PRINCESS, and DISNEY DESCENDANTS, DREAMWORKS' TROLLS and Sesame Street. Trolls is performing well this year and we look forward to the upcoming entertainment DREAMWORKS' TROLLS Holiday airing November 24 on NBC. STAR WARS revenue increased in the quarter with robust global retail support of STAR WARS: The Last Jedi merchandise released on September 1. We anticipate consumer interest building as promotional activities increase and we get closer to the film launch date. The multi-year entertainment slate for STAR WARS has created a larger, more sustainable level of business for this top industry property. Today's entertainment cadence enables a higher, more repeatable level of sales versus historical periods when revenues will decline significantly in years without theatrical entertainment. Beyblade is now available in all regions and contributing to year-over-year revenue gains. Europe and Latin America launched in the quarter and both off to a good start. We continued to release new waves of Beyblade, top supporting ongoing innovation in the line. Hasbro's portfolio of Marvel toy lines saw consumer momentum in the third quarter behind the theatrical release of Marvel Studios Spider-Man: Homecoming, as well as the home entertainment release of Guardians of the Galaxy: Vol 2 with especially strong brand momentum in our Marvel Legends segment across Marvel franchises, as well as SPIDER-MAN role-play items. We also have a new line supporting the November 3 theatrical release of Thor: Ragnarok. In 2018, Marvel has eight theatrical films, including Marvel Studios Black Panther in February, and Marvel Studios Avengers: Infinity War slated for release in May. Disney Princess And Disney Descendants consumer takeaway increased behind strength in Moana and new Descendants 2 entertainment. In addition, Hasbro's new line in support of Disney's new holiday featurette Olaf's Frozen Adventure is now at retail ahead of the limited theatrical release in front of Disney/Pixar's Coco on November 22. Finally, from September 8 to 10, we hosted our first ever HASCON in Providence, three days of hands-on brand experiences, meet and greets, sneak peeks, and fan-centric events for families and fans of all ages. This first of a kind event is emblematic of our journey from a toy and game company to a global play and entertainment leader, delivering immersive entertainment experiences around our brands. To conclude, I want to reassure you that our brands and global POS are strong through today. Our growth plans for the holiday had been impacted by recent events at Toys "R" Us as well as the economic outlook in certain countries. As a result, we currently expect fourth quarter revenue growth in the range of 4% to 7% year-over-year. This is a shift from our prior expectation, but reflects our current shipment plans for the next 60 days. Consumer momentum continues to drive our business and we are well positioned with a diverse in demand brand portfolio to deliver growth for 2017 and beyond. I’d now like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter presented economic and retailer challenges, yet the Hasbro team delivered revenue and earnings growth, while returning $164 million to shareholders through our dividend and repurchase program. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash and are well positioned to capitalize on the innovation we have in the marketplace as holiday season. As Brian mentioned, the Toys "R" Us bankruptcy filing in the U.S and Canada negatively impacted our third quarter revenue and operating profit, including incremental bad debt expense associated with the bankruptcy. Excluding the incremental expense, total company operating profit would have been approximately a 100 basis points higher in the quarter. While this event has also negatively impacted our initial growth outlook for the fourth quarter, we continue to work closely with Toys "R" Us to be able to deliver the right products to consumers for successful holiday season. For the third quarter, revenues in the U.S and Canada segment increased 7% and grew in all product categories, including Franchise Brands, Partner Brand, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brand. In total, U.S and Canada point-of-sale increased double digits for the quarter and the first nine months of the year. Retail inventory remains of good quality. Operating profit in the U.S and Canada segment declined 5% to $217.3 million or 21.9% of net revenues. The year-over-year decline was the result of a shift in product mix, including the decline in quarterly MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues, the revenue impact from ceasing shipments to Toys "R" Us for a short period, and incremental bad debt expense. Excluding bad debt expense, operating profit margin in the segment was down slightly. International segment revenues increased 7%, including a favorable $27.9 million impact from foreign exchange. Within the international segment, Franchise Brand and Hasbro Gaming revenue growth offset a decline in partner brand and emerging brand revenues. Revenues increased across all three regions: Europe, Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Although Europe declined 1% on a constant currency basis. Point-of-sale increased in all three regions for the quarter and over the first nine months. The challenges we saw emerging in the second quarter have continued in the U.K and Brazil, and we anticipate this will continue for the remainder of the year. We entered the quarter with good quality inventory at retail, having address the pockets of inventory we previously discussed. Operating profit in the international segment declined $1.1 million or 1% to $132 million or 17.9% of net revenues. The decrease was primarily the result of a less favorable product mix. Entertainment and licensing segment revenues increased 4%. Growth was the result of higher consumer product revenues associated with our entertainment initiatives, as well as a contribution from Boulder Media. Segment operating profit increased 20% to $16.9 million or 28.9% of revenue on the higher revenues and expense leverage. Overall, Hasbro operating profit dollars were essentially flat and operating margin declined to 20.1% versus 21.6% in 2016. As [technical difficulty] mentioned, operating profit margin would have been approximately 100 basis points higher, excluding the bad debt expense. Cost of sales increased 11% to 40.8% of revenues. The primary driver of the increase was a less favorable product mix, including the expected decline in MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues and slightly lower partner brand revenues. Royalty expense decreased 20 basis points to 7.8% of revenue, and the small decline in partner brand revenue is partially offset by the continued growth from Transformers: The Last Knight movie product, which carry some external royalties. Our investment in product development was essentially flat year-over-year, but declined as a percentage of revenues due primarily to lower expenses at Backf1ip Studios. our Investment in innovation remains a point of differentiation and a high priority for our team. Program production amortization declined slightly in the quarter, but will increase in the fourth quarter as we begin to amortize our investment in the MY LITTLE PONY movie. SG&A increased as a percentage of revenue to 17.4%. The percent increase over 2016 is the result of higher bad debt expense associated with Toys "R" Us. SG&A declined as a percent of revenue absent this expense. We remain focused on the most efficient cost structure for our company. Given the current environment, changing revenue expectations may slightly impact our operating profit margin outlook for the year. Turning to results below operating profit, other income was $14 million versus income of $8.5 million last year. Consistent with prior quarters, the biggest components of this line are higher interest income and our share of the earnings from the discovery family channel. During the quarter, we refinance $350 million of 6.3% maturing debt by issuing $500 million of new 10-year 3.5% debt. We took advantage of the low interest rate environment to raise an additional $150 million to use for general corporate purposes. We're pleased with this result and expect this transaction to provide a very low cost of capital over the next 10 years. Going forward, this will have a favorable impact of approximately $4 million per year to interest expense. The underlying tax rate was 23.5%, down from 26% last year and versus the 24.5% for the full year 2016. The quarter included an approximate $0.04 benefit from our adoption of the new accounting standard governing stock compensation. This is consistent with our forecast from August and we continue to expect the fourth quarter's favorable impact to be in the range of $0.11 to $0.13. Our underlying tax rate is trending to the lower end of our estimated range. Based on our projected mix of revenue and earnings for the remainder of the year, we expect this trend to continue. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $2.09. Hasbro is in a strong financial position, including a healthy balance sheet and good cash generation. We generated $823.6 million in operating cash flow over the trailing 12 month period ending the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash. During the quarter, we paid out $71.4 million in dividends and repurchase $92.9 million worth of common stock. We continue to target approximately $150 million in share repurchase this year and had $216.5 million available in our authorization at quarter end. Receivables increased 14% and day sales outstanding increased 5 days to 83 days. The increase was due primarily to the mix of revenues as well as the timing of collections. Our accounts receivable are in good condition and collections continue to be strong. However, we expect the timing impact of ultimate collection from our Toys "R" Us receivables could add an incremental two day's on our year-end receivables compared to the end of 2016. Inventories are in good shape, increasing 4% versus revenue growth of 7% and essentially flat absent the impact of foreign exchange. Inventories both at Hasbro and at retail are well positioned and of good quality to support our growth expectations for the holiday season. In closing, despite a dynamic environment which has impacted our initial estimates for the year, we now expect our fourth quarter revenues to grow year-over-year in the range of 4% to 7%. Consumer trends remain positive through today, but there is higher near-term uncertainty with Toys "R" Us as we see how they'll begin to execute their plan to emerge from Chapter 11. Our global teams are effectively executing our strategy with the industries best brands and strong commercial programs heading into the holiday season, while profitably driving our business both in the fourth quarter and beyond. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you so much for the question. My first question is for Deb. Deb, I was just wondering if you could revisit some of the seasonality comments that you made with some of the revenue shift being more concentrated in the fourth quarter due to a retailer preference for just-in-time and a growing share for e-commerce. Did the quarter come in as you expected despite some of the Toys "R" Us bad debt expense headwinds?
Brian Goldner: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. The -- as far as the quarter, we did mention earlier that we did have some shipments that we stopped when we heard of Toys "R" Us declaring their bankruptcy, but just for a short period of time. So I would say absent that, the quarter did come in as we expected and absent the bad debt expense. As far as the seasonality, we continue to see that. And with Toys "R" Us just having filed for bankruptcy so late in the third quarter, we've adjusted a bit our thoughts around the fourth quarter. However, we still expect to grow and wanted to just give context around that as well. We found that moving to omni-channel retail strategy has certainly helped and moved a bit more to just-in-time. However, we are about close to 60 days out from year-end now, and we're starting to get more visibility into year-end every day as we get closer and closer.
Michael Ng: Okay. And could you expand a little bit just on your assumptions around Toys "R" Us. I’m just trying to get a better sense of what you're assuming in terms of Toys "R" Us for the fourth quarter? Are you assuming that you ship less than to Toys "R" Us? Are you assuming that Toys "R" Us orders less? Any color around that would be very helpful.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Hi, Mike. So to be clear, I think first and foremost, we do expect to grow more than the industry in Q4 and the industry growth rate estimate now is between 3% and 4%. So we do expect to grow more than that. We've seen great, very strong sell-through up until this weekend. So, that Chapter 11 is just one month old. We've come to agreement on receivables and we also now agreed to terms go forward just over the last few days on our -- over the last month our finance and the Toys "R" Us commercial teams have been working on and focused on getting an agreement which we signed just a few days ago. So now our Toys "R" Us team and the merchants can focus and refocus on the holiday joint business plan with just two months to go. In fact, this wouldn't have been an issue had it happened earlier in the year and it's not an issue for us in 2018. We do have a more expansive retail channel strategy that gives us great confidence that we can deliver industry-leading growth this year even in this environment. We just need to determine what Toys "R" Us can receive over the next few months. But meanwhile it's great to see that our POS is outstanding and very consistent with our expectations.
Michael Ng: Great. And the last one for me, I think DISNEY PRINCESS was down in the quarter. I was just hoping if you could help parse out what happened there? How much of that was because of the Elena of Avalor rollout a year-ago, and how much was Toys "R" Us?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So year-to-date DISNEY PRINCESS is up and it was also up in the quarter in international markets. Also very heartening to see that point -- the point-of-sale for DISNEY PRINCESS was up quite considerably. In fact, it's among our strongest point-of-sale gainers in the partner brand Arena. So what we’ve really seen throughout the year is great growth around the entertainment initiatives. The entertainment has been a key driver, so Beauty and the Beast and Moana are key drivers of the growth that we've seen year-to-date. And then there's a bit of timing, because you also now are getting into shipments of Frozen around the Q4 featurette, this Olaf's Frozen Adventure. And so, Frozen it was up in the quarter in the U.S. And so again Descendants was very strong in the quarter. So I think it's a bit of timing overall, but we're seeing great robust sales for the brand and particularly strong sales this quarter -- shipments this quarter in international.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Drew Crum: Going back to Toys "R" Us, Brian, were you able to divert any of the product that you had previously earmarked for shipments for Toys "R" Us to other retailers? And as you think about the fourth quarter any uncertainty around shipments that may go to Toys "R" Us? Do you have the flexibility to move those other retailers and is that in any way embedded in that 4% to 7% sales guidance that you’ve provided?
Brian Goldner: Yes, so clearly we are assessing what Toys "R" Us can receive, but our expanded retail channel strategy gives us great confidence that we can find home for our inventories, and given where our inventories are and that they’re in great shape and that fact that POS is growing at double digits both globally as well as in the U.S. Both year-to-date and in the quarter we feel very good about where we are and obviously our teams are very focused on a very strong growth rate in the fourth quarter, and we do think we will end up ahead of the industry growth of course. So I would say that, overall, we want -- we can find a home for all the inventory that we have, we don't see that as an issue. But we do need to assess what Toys "R" Us will represent of the total inventories in the quarter -- in the fourth quarter.
Drew Crum: Okay, got it. And then I didn't hear STAR WARS mentioned as being one of the partner brands were POS was up in the quarter, maybe I misheard that, but could you comment on consumer takeaway during the quarter and do you think Brian having just five months in between the two STAR WARS films in any way limit sales upside for The Last Jedi to the holiday period?
Brian Goldner: Yes, so overall for STAR WARS shipments were up in Q3. And we saw that POS was up in the U.S and Latin America, and improving in the other territories and that's just because the way the marketing is just beginning to roll out. We're very encouraged about the long-term opportunity for The Last Jedi. In fact, I think a lot of the impact will happen not just in '17, but as we get into the home entertainment windows that are becoming increasingly important again into spring of 2018. And we're very excited about the new Han Solo movie, Solo: A STAR WARS story. I think that will be great and I don't think it will cut off the tale of The Last Jedi. In fact, I think it really sets us up for a great 2018 for STAR WARS. And then you add to that the fact that we just started to ship The Forces of Destiny product, and we're very excited about that initiative and the content that’s streaming online. And so, I think overall STAR WARS is in pretty good shape now. Obviously, we've come through a couple of quarters where we work through some Rogue One product and feel very good about where we’re heading at this point.
Drew Crum: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Good morning and thank you.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Deb Thomas: Good morning.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Brian, just something that you had -- starting on Toys "R" Us for a second and then I have another question just -- on Toys "R" Us. I think reading between the lines of what you said about working on the receivables and stuff that you have received critical vendor status?
Brian Goldner: Yes, we have. Yes, we have.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And so does that just, I guess, accounting wise, does that mean that when all is said and done and everything settles, you could have a potential -- maybe not a whole, but some part of reversal of the bad debt expense?
Deb Thomas: Our expectation would be as we see how things settle out, we would certainly look at the situation at the time and adjust whatever expense we needed to on the receivable.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then the other thing is, you’ve said a couple of times that you’re currently assessing what Toys "R" Us can receive. I’m just wondering, is there a chance -- once you go through that with your 4% to 7% shipment guidance for the fourth quarter, is there a chance that that you could end up shipping more than you're currently expecting to Toys "R" Us or would you have a hard and set number?
Brian Goldner: No, I think that it's a very fluid situation. So as you prepare for earnings which happened to be this Monday and you're working through month-old Chapter 11 situation. We signed an agreement literally very late last week on the go-forward position. I think the teams can return to focusing on our joint business plans, which were in place going into the holidays and Toys "R" Us was performing for us quite well. Our overall business is performing really well. It's just now a matter of refocusing on the holiday. And as I said, had this happened in any other time of the year, we would've had ample time before the holiday period to make a new plan together and do it in a more -- in a longer-term way, but the fact is we feel very good about our overall business. The POS gains that we're seeing across categories are very strong. Our toy and game business POS was up in the high teens. That’s same as true for Franchise Brands, even partner brands were up more than 20%. Our Hasbro Gaming POS was up more than 20%. So, again, we feel very good about the fourth quarter and that we can grow ahead of the industry, But out of an abundance of caution, we did want to highlight that it's a more fluid environment only because of the Toys "R" Us situation, and of course the U.K and Brazil situation. But clearly the bulk of the difference in our point of view was about the Toys "R" Us situation. And just want to now get the teams focused again on a broader retail channel strategy, we go to more doors now than ever before. We see the acceleration in growth in omni-channel and online retailing which is still two or three times stronger than our overall POS gains. So, again, we just provide a range that given the timing of earnings and our focus now on the holiday.
Felicia Hendrix: Just to understand the flipside of that is -- is there a risk that you could end up shipping less than you're anticipating to them?
Brian Goldner: Well, even if we shipped less than we would expect, again that's what I was saying that we think there's an opportunity to put our inventory out in the marketplace in a number of places. Obviously, Toys "R" Us has been a growth arena for us, a growth partner for us, and we want to continue to support their initiatives now that we have an agreement in place, we can do that. And so our teams are very focused on continuing the kind of strong growth that we've seen throughout the year, up 7% year-to-date. And so we just give you a range because again as we formulated our look at the earnings picture as of today we felt that our range would be prudent.
Felicia Hendrix: And is there any way you will quantify the revenue impact of Toys "R" Us in the third quarter?
Brian Goldner: No, but we did note that we had stopped shipping for a number of days as a result of the bankruptcy. We wanted to get clarity on the situation and we're now shipping Toys "R" Us in all the retail, and again the POS gains are quite considerable against shipments.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Final one, not about Toys "R" Us. Just wondering, I think you’ve talked about this, so I just you want to expand, you had the MY LITTLE PONY movie in the quarter, maybe the movie didn’t end being as successful as you may have expected. Just wondering what that did for toy sales?
Brian Goldner: Well, the movie as of this past weekend globally is just shy of about $40 million. The brand is up in the quarter across every region and across our entertainment and licensing business. We are really building this media digital mix model and our brand blueprint we think is really working. And the film will absolutely pay back its investment. Remember, we made the film for modest budget. It is driving consumer products. It's driving toys and games. It's also driving our digital gaming business and MY LITTLE PONY is up year-to-date. So, again, that combination of storytelling between stream content, television content, and the film is a great formula for the brand. So we feel very good about the brand heading into the holidays in 2018.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephanie Wissink: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Stephanie Wissink: I have three questions as well. Brian, just a bigger question for you. If you could just give us an insight into where we are in the investment cycle around the capabilities as you navigate around your blueprint? Do you see any big step ups in the next couple of years? And then, Deb, a question for you on operating margin. I think that couple of years ago, I mean, 18 month ago, you detailed three headwinds, the Princess was one just as that business scale MAGIC digital investments and then emerging markets, particularly China. I’m wondering if you can talk a little bit about where we are on that continuum of operating margin scaling in gaining against those initiatives? And final question for -- second, one more just on games. I need to compliment you on the strength of games, because it seems to continue beyond what we would have expected. Maybe talk a little bit about the pipeline for Q4 and into 2018 for that segment in particular?
Brian Goldner: You got it. So, look, I think that the MY LITTLE PONY approach is very emblematic of what we're going to do as we go forward, meaning modest investments in film type content, using very strong partnerships and strong investment from a major studio that will pay for the best proportion of our films and distribute those films very effectively and market them globally. So, again, our approach is the television model, stream content model, a digital first model and then modest investments where appropriate in the film model and we're adding capabilities and personnel, people who are professional storytellers in those spaces. As you know we continue to add great capabilities around the blueprint and MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS growth are absolutely all about the fact that we're really executing our model quite strongly. You want to talk about the …?
Deb Thomas: Sure. So from a margin standpoint, we have had Princess now for almost -- Princess and Frozen for shipping all last year, and then this year as well. And we are starting to see some improvement in our margins as we’ve grown that business to scale. So I think we're well on our way to that. However, we still have a little bit of a way to go. We talked about Arena, in August. We were out in our Investor Day and we announced that MAGIC: Arena will be -- it's in beta right now. And our investments are finishing on that, however, it's a constant investment in MAGIC, perhaps not to the same level that we’ve had in the past. However, it's such an important brand for us that as one of our major Franchise Brands will continue investing in that, but perhaps not at the same level as we've seen in the past. So we're looking forward to Arena in being out in more distributed play in 2018. And as far as emerging markets go, we’ve had some hiccups in Brazil this year. We've seen the economic conditions just haven't been as great as they could be, because of political situation and how people are really reacting to what's happening there. However, our consumers -- our products are being well received by consumers and our emerging market profitability continues to improve, and as our business grows in China we expect that to grow as well.
Brian Goldner: Yes, China's POS growth in the quarter was quite substantial as well as Russia, and our new market in India was quite good as well. So, Brazil is really the one exception within emerging markets and overall emerging markets grew at 8% in the quarter. As we look at games, Steph, you’re absolutely right, the team has done a fantastic job. The social trend games that are about social listening and social scraping and really understanding what's going on in the global market for stream content has really paying dividends, but also our classic games are up and growing through reinvention and reimagination. So, whether it's MONOPOLY that's grown considerably, Fantastic Gymnastics, even Clue Life TWISTER operation, risk, and then of course some of the more -- the fun social games like SPEAK OUT. And then we have a number of new games that are launching in the fourth quarter, including Simon Optix. Hearing Things is off to a great start. Something called Get a Grip, Coinhole, and then of course we just launched our Drop Mix Gaming System, which is very exciting. The reviews have been great and it's just early days, but we feel great about that new music mixing platform as we head into the holidays and into 2018. So the team has done an outstanding job there and I think you will continue to see us use best-in-class digital capability and social media capability to build some fantastic product line up.
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you. very helpful.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Badishkanian: Thanks. Just a follow-up on one of Brian's comment. So, I think you mentioned you were seeing great sell-through until the weekend. So is that a continuation from the third quarter? Is it little bit slower, faster, pretty similar and any change in trend that you’ve been seeing since you did bring up fourth quarter trends and POS?
Brian Goldner: Yes, look, I wanted to reassure people that our trends of double-digit growth have continued into the quarter. Obviously, we're -- on October 23 we are still seeing great fourth quarter trends through the -- through this past week some great trends and we are seeing it across our business and across regions. And that gives us great confidence and the fact that we can grow beyond industry growth rate and we're at not for this Toys "R" Us situation to have happened in the fourth quarter. We would not be having to talk about the kind of ranges that we're talking about. We just need to get our arms around now the Toys "R" Us situation and obviously, with a broader retail channel strategy with all the omni-channel and online retailing that’s going on and the great growth rates we're seeing there that are two or three times the overall growth rate that we’ve seen in the market. It's quite great. So, for example, in the quarter we saw Franchise Brands grow by in the teens and online we saw Franchise Brands grow by 30%. And that's similar across our business where we’re just seeing this great acceleration both in brick and mortar, omni-channel, and online. So, again, it portends good things for us in the fourth quarter as we're in the fourth quarter and as well into '18.
Greg Badishkanian: Yes, good additional color. Thanks, Brian. And then another, a quick one. So -- and I’m sure you’ve heard this a lot, but 2017 entertainment lineup has been just fantastic. Comparing 2018, next year's, can you achieve similar revenue growth or even increase that when you think about the entertainment for next year versus 2017?
Brian Goldner: Yes, I believe that the entertainment lineup for 2018 is actually stronger than 2017. If you think about the opportunity that begins early in the year with Black Panther, an exciting new movie from Marvel Studios, we get into Avengers by May, we have a Han Solo: STAR WARS story movie in the end of May. We have our very own Bumblebee movie that comes in December next year, you’ve got Toy Story 4. You’ve Ant-Man and the Wasp, and then you have Spider-Man animated movie that comes at the end of the year as well, at the end of '18. So the lineup is quite considerable from Marvel, from Lucasfilm, from Hasbro. Of course, we have all kinds of television entertainment that's also going to support all those brands both from Disney as well as Hasbro's own Studios. And so we feel very good about the lineup in '18 and entertainment should continue to be a key driver of our business.
Greg Badishkanian: Okay. And then, just finally on Toys "R" Us. Your -- did I hear you right there, you're not expecting an impact in 2018 or material impact from Toys "R" Us? This is limited to 2017?
Deb Thomas: Yes, we will see how things emerge, as they begin to execute their plan and give more color around it to emerge from bankruptcy.
Greg Badishkanian: Yes.
Deb Thomas: As we sit and see how that goes, and if something changes in that, that could have an impact. But as we sit here today, we do not expect a significant impact from the situation as we know it today.
Greg Badishkanian: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. Couple questions for you. First, I appreciate given some guidance on the fourth quarter revenue. Just curious, is anything changing on the expense line relative to what you’ve previously discussed for the year, particularly, with regards to resin cost given how much they’ve been increasing? Secondly, with regards to MY LITTLE PONY and how you’re recognizing your revenue and operating income from the film. One, are you allowed to recognize any revenue before Lionsgate recoups its marketing spending? And as you look at the film, how much -- did you do -- how much of the film internationally did you pre-sell and how much did that allow you to recover from your budget, and just looking at the film forget about the toys, forget about the other licensing opportunities, is the expectation for the film itself to be profitable?
Brian Goldner: Yes, so let me start with MY LITTLE PONY and then Deb can talk about the resins for a second. The way Lionsgate works is they pre-sell the film in a substantial part of the global marketplace. They self distribute in the U.K., as well as virtually self distribute in Latin America.
Eric Handler: Right.
Brian Goldner: The rest of the markets they are pre-selling, so you get that recoupment right up front around your production expense. The movie itself, if you take it through the waterfall should be a contributor to the company over time. Obviously, it may not occur in the -- by the fourth quarter this year, because obviously our expenses for producing the movie will hit in the fourth quarter this year, but again, remember it's a modest budget. However, all the streams of income that it's creating, including consumer products are toys and games business. The digital game that’s performing at a very high-level from Budge Studios and new games that are coming we think it's a great model for the brand. And of course we continue with the 7th season of the television that's appearing globally on linear television services as well as in stream services, it's a very strong performer on Netflix and other services. We see this as a very good model for us go forward.
Deb Thomas: And as far as our resin prices, well, we have seen some increases in resin prices. As a reminder, we set our pricing 12 to 15 months in advance. So when we do that, we're able to go out and hedge our expected cost, number one, to a large extent from an -- to try to take out some of the FX impact of that and in addition to that we adjust our pricing accordingly. So as far as fourth quarter goes there, we don't expect any impact from that.
Eric Handler: But then as you think about '18, how does that resin price now sort of impact '18 potentially?
Brian Goldner: Well, we would set our prices accordingly.
Eric Handler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question. Q - Tim Conder Thank you. Deb, we will hit a couple of housekeeping items here, first. The tax benefit of -- that you outlined here for Q4, is that more of a one-time due to some one-time option grants and then should we think about Q1 is the more reoccurring on the tax benefits under the new accounting standard?
Brian Goldner: Yes, exactly. I think we have a grant that’s probably bigger than normal that's maturing in the fourth quarter this year. And when we get to Toy Fair, we will try to lay out what we think our normal quarterly basis will be, but as we think about first quarter I’m thinking about it as the same -- around the same level as the first quarter of this year.
Eric Handler: Okay. Okay. And then we will circle back to the topic of the day, the Toys "R" Us. Brian, you’ve alluded many times here that you’re further developing the omni-channel, the ability that this -- for consumers to also shift among retailers. So let’s take the draconian scenario here, hypothetical, the Toys "R" Us North America liquidates in 2018. Again, draconian hypothetical at this point obviously. Given what we've seen in the past with Woolworth in the U.K and Target's withdrawal, not bankruptcy from Canada, how fast do you think under that hypothetical would we see the absorption reallocation of the channel? I mean, if you can an answer that in anyway?
Brian Goldner: You know. I’m so heartened our financing commercial teams have really executed the current plan during the holidays with such excellence. Our belief, as we go forward is that the current situation would not be an issue for us in 2018. I don't know how to answer a hypothetical like the one you post. However, I will tell you that we’ve increasingly found great homes for our great products. Our products sell quite well at a number of different new channels that we've expanded into including value and drug as well as other new retailers. Our mass partnerships as well have really expanded. Our performance with Amazon, our performance with Walmart and Target have been very substantial and very strong. So, again, long-term as you described, our business will be fine and our products will find homes and we will find the consumer, and increasingly we’ve talked about how online continues to dis-intermediate some of the toy departments, and the consumer continues to find our products and it's really heartening to see how online sell-through is even stronger than brick-and-mortar sell-through when there's no friction in the finding of our products. It just says that our products really resonate with consumers.
Eric Handler: Okay. And then the agreement that you signed late last week, was that in preparation of tomorrow's [indiscernible] hearing for Toys "R" Us or could anything change coming out of that hearing tomorrow from what you know from last week?
Deb Thomas: We are in a position that we want to make sure that Toys "R" Us has all the support they need to emerge from bankruptcy, so we entered into that agreement with them to go ahead and help them in that path forward. As we see how their plans develop and we see how -- what comes out of whatever hearings there are, we will just have to wait and see, but our expectation is that that there would not be any change.
Eric Handler: Okay. And then as you talked about, Deb, the costs related to some of the investments in the trading card business in MAGIC and so forth, should we start to see that lever in the back half of '18 sort to see some good leverage benefits from that?
Deb Thomas: That would be our expectation. As a matter of fact if you look at our SG&A expense, absent the bad debt charge, you're starting to see us get -- getting leverage from the higher revenue numbers now. And as MAGIC Arena is out there, our expectation is that we would continue to see that leverage and when we get to Toy Fair, well, you know us, we will give more specific guidance about what we think the different category should look like at that point.
Eric Handler: Okay, great. Thank you both for the color.
Brian Goldner: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Arpiné.
Arpiné Kocharyan: So, if we were to adjust the operating profit for $18 million of Toys "R" Us charge. Growth in that line would still be below where top line came in and that's despite very strong high margin entertainment and licensing growth for the quarter? And I know, Deb, you mentioned obviously MGT mix impact for the quarter, MAGIC: THE GATHERING which is the high-margin business for you. But could you perhaps go through the puts and takes on gross margin outside of mix? What drove that 160 basis point of decline for the quarter?
Brian Goldner: So we said absent the charge which we did not say what it was that our operating profit would have been 100 basis points higher. But if you move up to margin, gross margin and you think about the guidance that we've been giving all year is that we did say we expected our gross margin and our cost of sales actually to be higher than a year-ago, because of the mix of product and also some less favorable hedges that we had in place and it's not that were not hedging. We are hedging to protect pricing and margins, but we've -- it has more buying euros at $1.40, it was a lot more favorable than a euro at what $1.20 today, I didn’t check this morning. But -- so we did say that we expected our cost of sales for the full-year to be a bit higher. When you particularly look at the phasing and our product mix that can have a significant impact on gross margin, and as we had said we did not -- we expected Q3 to be down in MAGIC, and it was, and that did have an impact on our mix for the quarter.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Okay. And then on operating profit margin guidance, Deb, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you expect impact, obviously, since last time we spoke, but you had previously indicated growth off of GAAP adjusted number of about 15.7%. Now with the visibility you have -- as much visibility you have for Q4, could you update where that expectation is now for the year in terms of offering margin?
Brian Goldner: Yes, I believe that our operating margin for the full-year can be very similar to the margin that was last year. We just talked about the fact that we would -- prior had expected or more confirmed that we would get some modest growth. Now I would say it's probably more similar to a year-ago, and again we're just talking about 20 basis points of difference. That was -- we were talking about the 15.7% number. So again, I'd expect it to be similar to that this year.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Linda Bolton Weiser with Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Yes, hi. So you’ve some very good performance with several of your Franchise Brands and PLAY-DOH was such a big success story, but yes, you’ve had some sales declines this year. Can you talk about what’s going on with that brand and the outlook for rejuvenation of growth there? And secondly, with MY LITTLE PONY, do you think that the movie here in the second half that’s improving growth of the brand, can that have some carryover effect into 2018 to support the brands that you can expect growth next year as well in that brand? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think the model for MY LITTLE PONY has really worked and I think the team is beginning to think about what our next movie might look like. Meanwhile, we have ongoing television support. The brand, we believe, will halo quite strongly. We're seeing a great reinvigoration of our core fans as well as families and inviting a lot of new fans into the brand around the world. So, we like the model combination of the horizontal of television, the verticals of film for brand like MY LITTLE PONY done well. On the PLAY-DOH side, we’ve seen very strong performance around the PLAY-DOH itself. There have been a few play sets in the spring that have had a weaker performance. Having said that, as we come into the holidays we have some new play sets which are performing early days, very, very good level including our Rapunzel full play set. We also have a number of play sets and something they call Kitchen Creations, which we would expect good performance on. So I think long-term PLAY-DOH has been one of our most global brands. It's one of the most heavily consumed, parents really enjoy and it's definitely a part of children helping to create or enjoy developmental milestones. And so I think long-term I’m very confident in the PLAY-DOH and the PLAY-DOH's teams ability to grow that business over time.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey, good morning.
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Gerrick.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Gerrick Johnson: Hi. It seems three questions per, I’m going to ask three. First, can you just quantify your answer to Arpine's question about the operating margin being similar to the 15.7% [ph] last year. Does that include or exclude the bad debt charge, that’s one. Number two, STAR WARS for the year $500 million, has kind of been the bogey that I everyone has been shooting for, how do you feel about $500 million of STAR WARS this year? And then, lastly a more open-ended, you talked about the shift in retail sales for movie based properties, sort of from movie released to more of DVD streaming. Can you talk about that shift and is there any way to quantify how much revenue sort of shifted away from the movie debuts and towards the DVD and streaming? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Let me talk to STAR WARS and the shift, and Deb you can do the first one. The -- on STAR WARS, clearly it's become a much bigger more consistently big brand year-after-year, and that's what we've really seen. And again this year as we head into The Last Jedi, it's a brand that's up in the quarter and we expect very good things this holiday, but also Gerrick as you were describing, expect very strong spring around the brand. We saw it last time for The FORCE AWAKENS. We've seen it throughout this year for Moana and for Beauty and the Beast. We are seeing it around TRANSFORMERS as the DVD dropped on September 28 and the performance has been quite strong. So I think people are enjoying motion pictures both in the theater as well as through electronic sell-through windows and then into DVD windows. Overall, I think it again says good things about the ability to tell stories and have those stories enjoyed across a multitude of screens. It's really obviously one of the premises of our approach and strategy to be both digitally oriented as well as content oriented. And so, I would expect that to continue and continue for our properties as well as Marvel, Lucasfilm and DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN properties.
Deb Thomas: And from an OP standpoint, if we exclude bad debt expense our year-to-date operating profit margin is just slightly behind last year. So we -- as you know as a company always remain very focused on the most efficient cost structure for our company. So given the current environment in our changing revenue, expectations, it just may as Brian said slightly impact our expectations from the beginning of the year. But overall we remain focused on really creating the most cost efficient structure for our company as a whole.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our Web site in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our Web site following this call. Our fourth quarter and year-end earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Monday, February 12. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - VP of Investor Relations Brian Goldner - Chief Executive Officer Deb Thomas - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Stephanie Wissink - Jefferies Drew Crum - Stifel Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Eric Handler - MKM Partners Arpiné Kocharyan - UBS Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs Linda Bolton Weiser - D.A. Davidson Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our second quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro team executed another strong quarter. Story led brands and innovative brand experiences drove double-digit revenue operating profit and earnings growth, brands that connect with global audiences and consumers in a meaningful way through story and informed by consumer insights are the brands that retailer support and they are the brands that our consumers engage in across our Brand Blueprint. Quarterly revenues grew across all major regions, including growth in many developed markets such as the U.S. Canada, France, Spain, Australia and Mexico. Emerging market revenues increased 7% led by growth in China and Russia. We also began operating from our new office in India. While most countries are performing well, the U.K. and Brazil are facing challenging macroeconomic issues impacting both consumers and retailers. This is having a near term impact on our revenue and operating profit in the international segment but our full year outlook for this segment is positive. On average, 90% of our operating profit in the international segment comes in the second half of the year and while we expect both countries to face challenges going forward, the rest of the markets have been performing well. Global point of sale increased in the low teens for the quarter and through the first six months of the year. North America and Europe POS also increased double-digits in the second quarter and first half. According to industry data through the month of May Hasbro remained the number one company across the G11 countries. On a reported basis Hasbro franchise brands revenues increased 21% with growth in TRANSFORMERS, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, NERF and MONOPOLY. Retailers and consumers continue to support Hasbro brands backed by stories and innovative cross category merchandise programs. The TRANSFORMERS franchise performance was strong fuelled by robust multi screen entertainment. We are successfully executing our strategy to develop and leverage entertainment from multiple audiences and screens. This is emblematic of how we are executing across the Brand Blueprint. In total, global point of sale for the franchise is up significantly not only versus last year but also against 2014 the last movie year. In February we projected that MAGIC: THE GATHERING would see greater growth from the [releases] [ph] in the second and fourth quarters. MAGIC had a strong second quarter and the franchise was up in the first half. Importantly, the digital future of MAGIC: THE GATHERING is progressing and we look forward to sharing more with you in August at our Investor Day. NERF continued to grow behind strong increases from the launch of N-Strike-Elite-with AccuStrike and continued growth in Modulus and Rival. Global POS trends remains strong. The all new NERF NITRO had a limited launch in the quarter and the full roll out is planned for August. The MY LITTLE PONY franchise is well positioned for the October 6 release of MY LITTLE PONY the movie. Consumer engagement with the franchise remains high and global retailers are providing cross category support for our innovative new line and expansive consumer products program. The combination of film, television, digital engagement and consumer products creates a deeply compelling 360 degree experience for both existing fans as well as fans in the making. Our partner brand portfolio is also benefitting from strong storytelling and innovation. In addition to Q2 revenue growth, global point of sale for the category is up both in the quarter and through the first six months of the year. STAR WARS is primed for a strong second half. Merchandise for STAR WARS: THE LAST JEDI hit shelves on Force Friday II September 1. We are very excited about our range of innovation that will debut at that time in advance of the theatrical release of the movie on December 15. The STAR WARS franchise remains a top property in the industry and we have an expansive line for the film, along with a well received 40th anniversary line and the all new STAR WARS: Forces of Destiny celebrating the inspiring stories of iconic heroes from across the STAR WARS Universe. Hasbro’s Marvel portfolio is also leveraging compelling entertainment which drove higher revenues in the quarter. Hasbro’s line up for both Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy: Volume 2 and Spider-Man: Homecoming are delivering strong performances. We will also introduce a line supporting the November 3, theatrical release of Thor: Ragnarok. MARVEL continues to raise the bar in storytelling, each year providing tremendous stories and character supporting a bigger, more global and more sustainable level of business. Consumer take away for Disney Princess was strong and revenues increased in the quarter engaging multi platform entertainment coupled with new lines are driving this business. In 2017, Hasbro’s line has capitalized on new entertainment with product from Moana, Beauty and the Beast and in the fall will unveil new tangled items. In addition, this holiday we’ll be supporting the release of Olaf's Frozen Adventure, with a global line of fashion in small dolls that are true to the story. We are also supporting Disney Channel’s original movie, Descendants 2 which aired on July 21. DREAMWORKS' TROLLS continued to connect with consumers and added to our year-over-year growth. BEYBLADE is performing well and on track with our expectations for the first year of the property. With Europe and Latin America launching in the second half, we have strong retailer support and consumer take away. This includes an engaged digital audience with more than 100 million battles to date on the BEYBLADE app. Digital Play is contributing to the growth in brands and Gaming had another strong performance this quarter. Hasbro’s unique position in gaming is increasingly differentiating our brands and play experiences. We have a rich portfolio of game brands we are activating across platforms and we continue to develop gaming insights. We have and continue to build the capabilities in-house to create compelling gaming experiences for a multitude of consumer groups as well as an extensive network of partnerships across digital platforms. Global point of sale in gaming increased double digits in the quarter and we are launching several all new games this fall at retail and digitally. Finally, in emerging brands, BABY ALIVE global POS increased double digits in the quarter and first half. Revenues were down slightly in the quarter primarily due to Brazil, but are up over 50% in the first half and we have a strong full year outlook. In closing, our commitment to creating expansive brand experiences with strong stories and true innovation differentiates Hasbro’s diverse global portfolio across geographies, demographies and categories. We are well positioned to execute against tremendous stories and innovation for the full year 2017 and beyond. We look forward to seeing you on August the 3rd at our Investor Day in Burbank, California. We will share our strategic approach to creating the world’s best player experiences and how we continue to leverage our Blue Print to create a modern, agile play and entertainment company. I will now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone. The Hasbro team delivered a strong second quarter with double digit revenue, operating profit and net earnings growth. Operating profit margin increased 60 basis points on higher revenues, favourable mix and expense leverage. The 30% growth in net earnings delivered $0.53 of earnings per share. As forecast, Hasbro’s adoption of the new accounting standard governing stock-based compensation contributed approximately $0.01 per share. Our outlook for both the third and fourth quarter is positive and we have strong consumer momentum heading into the second half. Given the timing of entertainment this year, the rapid growth of e-commerce and our global retailers focused on just in time inventory. Our expectation for quarterly revenue is a shift to later in the year. As a result, we believe the fourth quarter could represent a greater percentage of full year revenue than historical norm and may be greater than the third quarter. For the second quarter, revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 16%. Growth in franchise brand, Hasbro gaming and partner brand revenues offset a decline in emerging brand. In total, U.S. and Canada point of sale increased double digit through the quarter in the first six months of the year. Retail inventory is of good quality. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 41% to $81.6 million or 16.5% of net revenue. The 290 basis point year-over-year improvement was the result of higher revenues, a favourable mix led by growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and expense leverage. International segment revenues increased 6% including a favourable $2.4 million impact from foreign exchange. Within the international segment franchise brand and Hasbro Gaming revenue grow offset a decline in partner brand and emerging brand revenues. Revenues increased across all three regions, Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific. Over the first six month, point of sale also increased in each region and grew in Europe and Asia Pacific in the second quarter. Latin America was down slightly as the macroeconomic environment in Brazil remains challenging. As Brian mentioned both the U.K. and Brazil are facing challenging economic conditions. We are seeing this impact both retailer and consumer behaviour in both countries. Overall retailer inventories have good quality. As we’ve mentioned in past calls, there are some countries with excess inventory and we took steps to move through this inventory in the second quarter, most notably in Europe. Operating profit in the International segment declined 43% to $16.9 million or 4% of net revenues. The decrease was primarily the result of the higher level of close-outs and much favourable hedges in Europe and lower revenues in the U.K. Germany and Brazil. Historically, the first half of the year only represents a small percentage of the segments full year operating profit, due to seasonality of the business and the launch of geographic footprint and related fixed cost. Entertainment and licensing segment revenues declined 1%. Growth in digital gaming led by Backflip Studios was offset by a decline in entertainment related revenues. Also, Media is contributing to the top line this year but was offset by the timing of film and television revenues versus last year. Consumer product revenues were essentially flat in the quarter. We have robust consumer product programs for both TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY in the second half of the year. We generally record licensed revenue in the quarter after it is sold at retail by our licensing partner. Segment operating profit declined 18% on the small decline in revenues and investments in our global consumer product team partially offset by an improvement at Backflip Studios. Overall, Hasbro operating profit increased 18% and operating profit margin improved 60 basis points to 10.3% versus last year. Cost of sales increased 15% to 37.9% of revenues. The positive impact of the favourable product mix and growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING was more than offset by the higher year-over-year level of close outs I mentioned earlier. These closeout sales have a lower gross margin and are part of our normal annual activity, but were more highly concentrated in the first half of this year compared to a year ago. This higher level of activity was aligned along marketing for entertainment windows including movie released late in the second quarter and several occurring in the second half. In addition, as we said at Toy Fair, less favourable hedges also negatively impacted cost of sales. Royalty expense increased 14% to 8.1% of revenue. Higher royalty expense was the result of higher partner brand revenues but also a strong contribution from TRANSOMERS THE LAST NIGHT movie product which carries saw a mixture of royalties. Our investment in product development remains flat year-over-year but declined as a percentage of revenues. We continue to invest in innovation at an industry leading level. SG&A declined as a percent of sales to 26.4%. We generated leverage by higher levels of certain expenses including depreciation. We continue to expect full year SG&A to be in line with 2016 excluding the fourth quarter 2016 impairment charge as a percent of revenue. Turning to our results below operating profit, other income was $11.1 million versus income of $6.1 million last year. Other income compared to last year was driven by higher interest income and our share of earnings from the discovery family network. Both items were in line with the first quarter of 2017. The underlying tax rate was 24.7%, down from 26.1% last year and versus the 24.5% for the full year 2016. The quarter included an approximately $0.01 benefit from our adoption of the new accounting standard governing stock compensation. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.53. Hasbro was in a strong financial position including a healthy balance sheet and good cash generation. We generated $877.4 million in operating cash flow over the trailing 12-month period ending the quarter with $1.4 billion in cash. We remain committed to investing in our business to further our strategic account and drive long term profitable growth of the company. During the quarter, we paid out $71.9 million for dividends and share repurchase with dividends representing the majority. We continue to target approximately $150 million in share repurchase this year and had approximately $309 million available in our authorisation at quarter end. Receivables increased 20%, and day sales outstanding increased six days to 78 days. The increase was a result of the timing of revenues in the quarter as well as growth in revenues with longer terms and the impact of the close outs mentioned earlier. Our accounts receivable are in good condition and collections continue to be strong. Inventories declined 3% to $558 million and are well positioned to support our business over the remainder of the year. We have a great deal of the year ahead of us and the Hasbro global teams are focussed on executing against strong brand innovation, robust entertainment and the dynamic market and retail environment in which we are operating. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Stephanie Wissink: Thanks, good morning everyone. Just a couple of follow up questions, and thanks Deb and Brian for the details. I’m curious about Brazil or the U.K. if you can just help us diagnose a bit more about what’s happening in those markets and if it seems a bit more transitory how are you expecting those markets to develop in the back half. And then I think secondly, and this is admittedly I think an error on our part, but just understanding the entertainment and licensing related revenue timing, think Deb you mentioned there’s a deferral by a quarter or so when the revenue is received at retail then you are collecting a royalty, but just remind us how we should think about the timing lag on when your major franchise brands of Ventar [ph] and then the consumer products inbound licensing and the timing on that? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes, good morning Steph. The U.K. business definitely has had some macroeconomic issues, you see it in the NPD data and our business has been relatively flat in the quarter from a POS standpoint. But overall, if you look across Europe, we have double digit POS growth for both the quarter and year-to-date. So we really view the U.K. being a bit Brexit focused. We have a little bit of our retail concern out there, but again I think it’s something the teams have worked through quite well and I don’t see it as a long term issue. In Brazil similarly you have a macroeconomic situation, a little bit political instability and consumer confidence that’s changed a bit, but still if you look at the emerging market growth for the quarter was about 7% year-to-date emerging market growth is 12% and so we are seeing some good growth across emerging markets. So I would say both of those are issues the teams are working through and I would expect that over time we’ll work through that. Again, same thing there where Latin America, the rest of Latin America has performed quite well and we would expect that market, the region overall to perform quite strongly.
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Steph. For entertainment and licensing, typically when we have consumer products sales we work with external third-party licensees who take that product and make the T-shirts and backpacks and all the great things that are sold around our brands. Their revenue at retail for example could be in the second quarter, they wouldn’t report that to us until early in the third quarter. So generally what we see with that is it’s about a quarter in arrears from when the sales actually occur at retail. With our entertainment this year with TRANSFORMERS coming out in June and we have MY LITTLE PONY movie coming in October, we would expect to see some of that revenue in the fourth quarter for example for Pony, but more of it in the first quarter. So with consumer products you tend to see a little bit of a shift that revenue can be larger in the first quarter than it typically is in other segments because of that.
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you. Just one quick follow-up on the inventory, Deb. Are you feeling that the inventory closeout situation is essentially in the rearview mirror now we can look forward? Or is there anything that we should expect in the third quarter with respect to the international margins?
Deb Thomas: We have closeouts typically throughout the year, and as we said with all the entertainment coming midyear and later in the year we really took advantage of kind of cleaning that inventory up now, and making sure that as we headed into the heavy entertainment season which typically you may see the higher closeout level in the third quarter. It doesn’t have as big of an impact on margins just because of the size of the revenue and everything overall. So, we did take advantage of that. On a full-year basis we think that we will not be unusual compared to a normal year, it's just really a timing shift.
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Drew Crum: Guys, there seems to be this narrative that movie properties didn’t performed to expectations during the quarter which seems to be at odds with your commentary on the TRANSFORMERS franchise. Could you address how you see the company position for the second half in terms of inventory levels and shelf space retailers intend to dedicate to your brands as it relates to entertainment?
Brian Goldner: Sure, entertainment continues to drive our business, Drew. And if you look at TRANSFORMERS, recognize that we now have entertainment across multiple screens and in fact our targeting and presenting stories to a infinite number of demographics around the brand, so certainly TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT products sold very well, our POS was very strong, the brand is up considerably. Then of course we also have the Robots in Disguise product that’s around the television. We have all of the universe product that’s focused on our fans, that is also selling incredibly well. And then of course preschool product, Rescue Bots product is also selling quite well. So we are seeing great sell-through around the brand, recognized that this is a brand that’s become increasingly global, increasingly international. We’re seeing great growth in places like China around the brand and around our international markets. So it continues to be one of the calling cards of the company.  As you look at Spiderman, the performance was quite strong. MARVEL was up in the quarter. We continued to focus on the Spiderman brand, also Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 was quite strong and then of course you have Marvel Legends, so again we’ve talked about the fan economy and Marvel Legends has performed quite strongly, that's the fan oriented product that we also see continuing very strongly throughout the year. And that will get into all of the electronic sell-through windows for those movies. And then in the fall of course we have a number of new initiatives and entertainment for the second half of the year including MY LITTLE PONY in October. We got the new STAR WARS movie. You have the Olaf’s Frozen Adventure for Disney Princess. And in fact if you look [audio break] on the Disney Channel, so what we're seeing is increases in space around our brands, our retailer commitment at the top levels from the entertainment councils at those retailers and we believe that the full-year portends very good things. And as Deb mentioned, we cleaned up the market a bit around some of the inventories that were out from some products, so that we’d be in very good shape as we go toward the windows for Force Friday II September the 1st. You'll see MY LITTLE PONY product merchandising in August and September ahead of the movie, and then again, a new line of product going in time for Olaf’s Frozen Adventure from Princess as we track through all of the different entertainment windows.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks for that color. And then separately, the EBIT margin looks like it’s down just 20 bps year to-date, can you update us on your expectations for 2017 relative to last year. I think you had previously suggested operating profit margins would be lower versus the adjusted 16.4% you reported last year?
Brian Goldner: We continue to expect operating profit margins for the full-year to be up versus the adjusted number as reported number - what.
Deb Thomas: The reported number.
Brian Goldner: …yeah, the as reported number, sorry. So we continue to expect operating profit margins to expand versus as reported. If you look at EBITDA for the first quarter, it was actually up 19% year-to-date, it’s been up 16%, so we’re getting really good strong earnings growth in the business. And again we expect operating profit margin expansion for the full-year.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. Can we just go back to TRANSFORMERS for a moment Brian, because you have mentioned in your comments the strength of Global POS and that is up significantly year-over-year, and against the 2014 movie? So, I’m just wondering if we could take those comments and translate those into absolute dollars. Would it be fair to assume that THE LAST KNIGHT could generate revenues higher than the 2014 movie, which I think you said at the time was kind of in line with the 2011 movie?
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think the way to think about TRANSFORMERS and in fact it's emblematic of what we’re doing across the company. Over the last three years we have developed the digital capabilities for stream content and putting content on a multitude of screens, that capabilities really being born out and being seen in the TRANSFORMERS business. So, the overall brand is performing at a much higher level than it was in 2014. In part, that's because the movie product is performing at a higher level than the prior year movie product in 2014, but also because we are seeing great growth in the TRANSFORMERS generations product for the fan economy, the Robots in Disguise product that's been around the television. Television viewership is strong. Our streaming on Netflix is a very strong. And then of course the fan-oriented stream product that goes -- our content that streams with machinima.mcn [ph]. So, I’d look at it as an expansion of storytelling. And again the brand did perform quite strongly in 2014 but also performed strongly in 2015 and 2016. This is clearly more in line with the movie or performance for the brand.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So just to make sure, I understand like movie to movie it seems like the movies better and then you layer on kind of everything you do with your brand blueprint and how you kind of expand brands and then putting it off together, the franchise in general has grown, but the movie also seems better?
Brian Goldner: Yes, it is. Its – the performance is good. Remember that movie has continued to form incredibly well globally outside the U.S. where I think we just surpassed $225 million in China. The movie has done more than $550 million so far. And also with all of our entertainment digital engagement, yes, we are up significantly in POS versus the prior movie year. And yes, it's being -- it's coming from a number of new areas for us, capabilities that we've developed over the last three years.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. And then, Deb this is probably a question for you. You guys touched a bit on what is going on in UK and Brazil, but just wondering specifically can you call out how much that impacted your performance in the quarter?
Deb Thomas: Well, we typically don’t call out separate countries, but what I can say is if you look at in our table both Europe overall and Latin America overall did grow revenue in the quarter. So whilst individual countries are impacting us. Overall as we look at the region and how we’re performing across the region, they did grow in the quarter.
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think the other thing to note in the operating profit it’s a log [ph] small numbers. Typically our European profit 90% of it is around the second half of the year that has to do with the footprint that we run, size at geographies and the fixed expense that we have in the first half of the year. So I would view it as a small change that doesn't really portend anything on the full-year.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then, just help me understand the partner brands declines internationally, if that again due to kind of timing or how much of that was related to U.K and Brazil?
Brian Goldner: That’s more about timing.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay.
Brian Goldner: It just has to with coming off of a STAR WARS movie year entering into a new STAR WARS entertainment era and then MARVEL really hitting in the second quarter particularly Spiderman in the second quarter. So it’s really, I view as timings because MARVEL overall was up for the quarter.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So when we look at partner brands internationally for the second half that you shouldn’t see declines?
Brian Goldner: Well, I think that you have a lot contributing in partner brands in the second half. You have Princess which grew in the quarter and it has a lot of activity in the second half. You have MARVEL which has a tremendous amount of activity. You have the new STAR WARS movie and Force Friday II that sets on September the 1st. So overall – well, of course we still have TROLLS which is contributing quite strongly year-to-date and we’re very excited about the full-year on TROLLS. BEYBLADE, some of you’ve asked about BEYBLADE timing. And that of course is really just entering both Europe and Latin America in the second half of this year, really hadn’t been in those markets. So I think all those elements will contribute to the second half of the year.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Thanks for the help.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Two questions for you guys. First, as online becomes more and more important every year, just curious with the Amazon Prime day, did you do anything special unique with the marketing around that? And how significant -- is this day significant at all for you? Then secondly with regards to STAR WARS in terms of your orders or what you plan for ship in, how is that comparing to the movie two years ago the Force Awakens?
Brian Goldner: The Amazon Prime clearly is a very big day for them and it's a very fun day for us and opportunity to do lots of interesting and fun promotional elements run our business. It was again a strong day for the company. Our overall online POS was very strong in the quarter, stronger than our overall POS and up more than 20%. We continue to see great growth in online and omni-channel not just from Amazon but the Wal-Mart target and Toys "R" Us as well, very strong growth for several of those retailers. It's for us an opportunity to bring together content commerce and innovation online and it's working quite well the way we’re executing around the story led brands is quite strong for us. So overall, POS was up double digits in the teens for the company and even more strongly online. As you look at STAR WARS for the year, clearly if go back in history I'd say you have STAR WARS movie years and STAR WARS non-movie years, these categories both contribute significantly, certainly the movie years more so and this is clearly lining up to be a very good STAR WARS movie year. Obviously, as we get into Force Friday we’ll know a lot more, but certainly there's nothing about our business so far this year that wouldn’t indicate a very strong STAR WARS movie this holiday and the strong Toys sells for us.
Deb Thomas: As far as the timing questionnaire, one of things that we are seeing with the growth in online retailing and our retailers taking more just-in-time inventory, as Brian mentioned we’ll see more when we get to Force Friday II which is on September 1st of this year. But again that’s late in the third quarter and we think with everything that’s kind of coming together we may actually see a bigger fourth quarter than third quarter this year just -- really just timing and some of the patterns were seeing right now.
Eric Handler: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Hi, thanks. Could you perhaps walk us through the puts and takes for gross margins. It seems like with 94 million of incremental revenue, gross margins were big soft. And I do understand entertainment licensing being down, doesn’t help margins, but then you had strong MPG [ph] and overall franchise and gaming growth which are margin accretive versus partner brand. Could you just walk through some of the puts and takes there? Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Good morning, Arpiné. Really we talked about -- the biggest impact on the gross margin line for the quarter was the level of closeouts sale. For closeouts sale typically carry a lower gross margin as they come through, and they also carry lower advertising and all other costs. So, there’s not a lot of promotion around and a things like that. So why you see it in the gross margin line that’s why you see our operating profit did increase from a percentage standpoint because it impacted that but not the way down. So that size-wise was the biggest impact. The next biggest impact was less favorable hedges that we had on inventory we purchased in the second quarter this year various a year ago. And we set a Toy Fair that that was going to impact our full-year gross margin and that overall we expect our full-year gross margin to be down a bit from the full-year 2016. So those are really the two big items and they offset the positive product mix that you mentioned earlier.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Okay. Thank you. And then a quick follow-up, Brian, you mentioned Disney Princess revenues were up in the quarter. Just wondering if it’s still up if you do year to-date and move out for Easter shift, could you share how much, if that’s the case if it’s up year to-date? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Disney Princess, yes, I’ve looked at Disney Princess together would be up year to-date and I'm not going to size it, but its up in both the quarter and year to-date for us. And look there’s a lot of great entertainment that’s been supporting that brand, and Moana and the electronic sell-through and DVD windows, Beauty and the Beast. So yes, that's -- it's been up and we would expect with the kind of entertainment we have coming in the second half and Olaf's Frozen Adventure to contribute to our both Princess and Frozen business for the full-year.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Just a couple of here. Deb, on FX given the recent weakening of the U.S. dollar year-to-date overall and the hedges that you have in place, do you see any changes in the back half of the year here as it relates to the FX guidance that you outlined at Toy Fair?
Deb Thomas: Well, we really set our hedges, so we can put predictability in our pricing. So, based on the hedges we have we’ve been able to set pricing for the year and give our retailers confident in maintaining that pricing, as well as understanding what our gross margin is. So I think about the rest of the year -- last year for a full-year we were about 74% of our total costs with hedge. This year I think we’re about 73% like we’re right around that range. So to the extent we haven’t hedged, we should get some benefit from it, but on a full-year basis we -- again we really hedge to protect the pricing that we offer to our retailers.
Tim Conder: Okay. So maybe a little bit but not a lot here, okay. Okay. And then on the profitability of the online versus the brick-and-mortar, I think you’ve said at Toy Fair that there was a little bit of difference but you anticipated that to narrow. Just maybe revisit that and a little color there? And then you’re shifting from Q3 into Q4 on the revenue side that you're looking to, should we expect a proportionate shift in profitability also?
Brian Goldner: Well, I think we’d expect a nominal shift in revenues between third and fourth quarter. We’re not suggesting that it’s seismic, but just a nominal shift as a result of all these entertainment initiatives that are happening toward the back half of the year and particularly in the fourth quarter as STAR WARS comes out in December. On online, what I’d said was that our cost of business was very similar. The difference is as we develop our expertise in online we have some initial costs over the first couple years as we set ourselves up for future growth and that we would expect those costs over time to begin to diminish that has to do with the kind of packaging we use in the way we create master cartons in the way that we go-to-market, the kinds of content we’re creating. But overtime we’ll amortize those startup or learning curve costs and that we would expect that to continue to be over time accretive to our business, but today comparable cost of business to Omni-channel or brick-and-mortar.
Tim Conder: Okay. Okay. And then lastly I think if I’ve heard you correctly you called out not only the UK and Brazil, but a little bit of weakness in Germany. Just maybe a little bit more color there?
Deb Thomas: Really Germany on which really around the quarter and we don't expect that to continue for the full-year. It’s really the UK and Brazil that we’re seeing most of the economic issues.
Tim Conder: Okay. Okay, great. Thank you all.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Thanks for the question. I have a question on gaming. Its look like gaming revenue, with franchise brands was up $45 million in the quarter with non-franchise brands up only eight. So it seem like a lot of the growth is driven by MAGIC and MONOPOLY. I was wondering if you just frame how much of that growth is simply from MAGIC cards at timing versus core MAGIC growth. And how much is coming from MONOPOLY? And then I have a few follow-up?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Overall the games category was up by 20% in the quarter and then if you look at – Hasbro Gaming was up 6%, but I think it’s important to note that in the second quarter globally our games POS was up 27%. So we are seeing a tremendous sell-through of our games business. Similarly in U.S. our games POS was up quite considerably. So what we’re seeing is really a matter of game selling very well, shipments are little bit behind the sell-through, lot of new games introductions coming later in this quarter for the second half. Dungeons & Dragons is performing at a very high level. I think Dungeons & Dragons is back and the team has done some very expansive marketing around that. It's involved in e-sports and twitch [ph] new gaming launches coming throughout the year. And then, of course you also see our digital gaming business growing considerably. With TRANSFORMERS, EARTH WARS are performing quite well, DragonVale performing well, so Backflip Studios is really contributing as well on the quarter. So it’s both digital gaming, as well as face-to-face gaming performing well in the quarter, so that's both the in the gaming segment and then overall performing quite well. MAGIC on a full-year basis, really the business continues to resonate with making a lot of progress in the MAGIC online and our Digital Next, we’re looking forward to showing you more in the Digital Next development at our Investor Day. But MAGIC online is performing very well, holding up quite well and you’re seeing more concurrent launches like Amonkhet was a concurrent launch between our card set as well as our online and we continue to connect with players. We’re seeing great new player engagement as well as conversion, continue to see the kinds of torment play and the e-sports play and viewership that really gives us good signals for that brand long-term.
Michael Ng: Okay. Thanks. And I just have one on Princess and one on capital allocation. I think in the past you mentioned that Princess margins are below company average? Can you talk about your outlook for those margins as you continue to scale that brand and how long you think it will take to become run rate margin? And then, on capital allocation…
Brian Goldner: Yes. I’m sorry, go ahead.
Michael Ng: And then just on capital allocation. You reaffirm $150 million buybacks for the year, but didn’t buy back any shares in the quarter. Can you talk about how you are thinking about that and whether there were some upcoming use of the cash alleged you do not buy any shares this quarter?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So if you look at Princess, we’d said from the beginning that investments would begin before the revenues spend and the investments continued in early days as we launch that brand we continue to invest in the brand and we do continue to see profit improvement over time. And we had said then and continue to reiterate that we’d see profit improve over a two to three-year period and begin to approach company average operating profit margins for our partner brands over that period. And that's still the case.
Deb Thomas: And as far as capital allocation, as we said we want to return access cash to shareholders and indeed most of it was through dividends this quarter and we repurchase shares subject to market conditions and available U.S. cash. We also put [Indiscernible] five ones in place in our close windows and our stock price had quite a bit of movement in this past quarter. So, we still have about 300 million left in our share repurchase authorization and still plan right now to repurchase 150 million on a full-year basis, it will just be more back half weighted at this point.
Michael Ng: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Linda Bolton Weiser with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Hi. I think you’ve spend a lot of commentary or thought out there about the potential for the whole play industry in the U.S. to slow in growth because the growth has been pretty strong in the last few years. Do you have any thoughts on there in terms of what the drivers have been or whether those drivers can continue? And then, do you have any industry numbers to give for the quarter or year to-date in terms of growth?
Brian Goldner: Our overall industry would grew just under about 4%, obviously our growth is outstripping that growth. In the U.S. the team has done a fantastic job with double-digit growth. We continue to see the opportunity to grow that business, continue to engage in it with the number of retailers continue to expand and stretch our channel management and through that channel management strategy we’re getting to new and differentiated retailers with different types of products and offerings. The online business continues to be disintermediary for us, for example, if you look at our online sales in the quarter particularly focused on U.S. you see very strong double-digit gains for all of our franchise brands and that's quite heartening to see that the MY LITTLE PONY and little Scratch [ph] up performing well as we’ve start to introduce new product where the audience can find those brands online at their liking. So, I’d say overall we continue to expect that the U.S. business, the North American business can grow. We’ve certainly seen that growth and expect that the retail calendar with entertainment continues to stretch to be more full-year calendar. And we have a number of initiatives for the second half of the year that set us up quite well for a full year, and also into 2018 we’re seeing a number of entertainment initiatives including our own that set us up for 2018 to be a very good year as well. So that's what I think about the U.S. business. I think you look at it our developed economies business in the first quarter grew 12% while emerging markets grew 7% and for the first half our developed the country's business grew over 5% while emerging markets grew double-digit and so I would say that we’re continuing to see very good growth both in developed economies and emerging markets.
David Quezada: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey, Good morning. I have three here. First, consumer products you said it was flat. Can you tell us which of your franchise brands generated growth there and which saw declines?
Brian Goldner: In the quarter we’ve seen very good performance from MONOPOLY. We’ve seen good performance from TRANSFORMERS. We’ve seen good performance in MAGIC. I think Pony was off just a bit the quarter. And as we set up and key [ph] up the second half around the movie again on the full-year basis we think MY LITTLE PONY will perform quite strongly. And remember what Deb said earlier was that the consumer products royalty income comes in the quarter after the sales occur. So I think that a lot of what's going on the consumer products is just related to the timing.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, understood. You mentioned timing of shipment of the reason for accounts receivable being up. What caused that?
Brian Goldner: Well, first of all, we’ve seen great growth in a set number markets where we have longer dating in Latin America for example Mexico has seen great growth and the dating there is a bit longer.
Deb Thomas: Yes. In India we just started opening our own business in India. So it's really just a function of timing for us. Then we also talked about closeouts. Some of the sales as I mentioned there are a lower rate but they don't carry any allowances or things like that that may reduce receivables further. So it really is about timing for us this quarter. Inherently our receivables are in great shape, Our collection are good and through last week we collected on the 20% of our receivables. I think I looked at it Wednesday and we were already at point. So we’re in good shape on receivables. Its really just about timing.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. And you mentioned closeouts which is nice segway into my final question. Can you give us your global North American POS at retail since that way the industry measures it?
Brian Goldner: So, our POS, global POS in the second quarter was up by 13% and year to-date its up of about 14%. And then has had games POS globally was up by 27% and U.S. was even more stronger 33% and you’re seeing double-digit growth across a number of categories. Where we have a breakdown franchise brands we have double-digit partner brands was up strong single-digit and gaming as I mentioned was up, online sales I talked about being up more than 20%. And then, of course I also earlier in Europe that we saw the double-digit POS games and very strong gains in a number of markets. And as I mentioned that UK was the only place where the POS was flat and we’re holding our own in industry category that’s down a bit.
Gerrick Johnson: And to be clear Brian, it’s all measured at retail or is that all at wholesale or were just [Indiscernible]
Brian Goldner: That’s our measurement and wholesale, that’s what we have as POS.
Gerrick Johnson: Right. But the question was at retail, because that’s how the industry measures.
Brian Goldner: Yes we don’t the retail data, we don’t get that retail data by all those markets, we get wholesale data by all those markets.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob and thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Managements’ prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. As Brian mentioned, we look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day on Thursday August 3rd in our West Coast offices in Burbank, California. And finally Hasbro's third quarter earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Monday, October 23. Thank you.
Operator: Toda’s conference has concluded. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - Hasbro, Inc. Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc. Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.
Analysts: Drew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Arpiné H. Kocharyan - UBS Securities LLC Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our first quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro team's continued strong execution of our Brand Blueprint strategy is building immersive 360 degree experiences for our fans, children and their families. We continuously identify proprietary insight, create engaging storytelling, invent innovative new play experiences and execute in collaboration with global omni-channel retailers. Through our investment in brands and capabilities around the Blueprint, we are connecting with more consumer groups across more platforms and screens than at any time in our history. Our first quarter results were consistent with the expectations we shared with you in February, and position us well to execute against the major theatrical and content releases as well as innovative new play experiences planned for the full year. Revenues grew 2% against a very strong first quarter last year, and the negative impact of the Easter shift into this year's second quarter. In the first quarter, where small shifts have a big impact, operating profit was impacted by an extra week of expenses, and to a lesser extent, a shift in product mix. The mix included a shift to partner brand products with a higher cost of sales, notably Disney Frozen and Frozen, where we are investing, along with the decline in the quarter for our higher margin MAGIC: THE GATHERING business. As we noted at our Toy Fair investor meeting, these shifts were anticipated and we continue to forecast modest full year operating profit margin growth versus 2016 reported operating profit margin of 15.7%. Net earnings grew 41% in the quarter to $0.54 per share, which Deb will speak to more in detail shortly. Our year is set up for success. Hasbro retained its position as the number one company in the G8 markets through the end of March according to NPD. And Hasbro is the number one company year-to-date through March in the U.S. Our point of sale was strong, increasing double digits globally. All regions POS grew and we drove double-digit growth in all brand portfolio categories: Franchise, Partner, Gaming, and Emerging Brands. Easter was in the second quarter this year, versus the first quarter last year. Point of sale year-to-date through the Easter week also grew double digits, including growth in the Easter period, year over year. Hasbro net revenues grew in the U.S. and Canada segment and in the Entertainment and Licensing segment. International revenues were flat. Franchise brand revenues grew 2% in the quarter, led by growth in NERF, TRANSFORMERS, and MONOPOLY. The launch of NERF AccuStrike and the continued momentum in NERF Rival drove robust revenue growth. TRANSFORMERS recorded strong shipment and POS growth. We shipped a small amount of the TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT line for today's on shelf date for movie supported consumer products. TRANSFORMERS also had strong support in digital gaming and Backflip Studios TRANSFORMERS: EARTH WARS continues to perform well. While MY LITTLE PONY revenue declined in the quarter, brand engagement continues to be high in markets around the world as we prepare for the August 1 on-shelf date for our product line and consumer products supporting MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE. Our investment in all screen storytelling continued with the April 15th premier of the seventh season of the MY LITTLE PONY FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC animated series. MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenue was negatively impacted by the timing of new story-led releases. As outlined at Toy Fair, the second quarter marks the release of the Amonkhet set, which is expected to deliver strong performance for this franchise brand. Hasbro gaming grew 43% in the first quarter, with continued growth in PIE-FACE and SPEAK OUT, as well as the launch of several new games. In total, the Hasbro gaming category, including MONOPOLY and MAGIC: THE GATHERING grew 10%, with strong double-digit global POS increases. Capitalizing on people's passion for playing games, this summer Hasbro Gaming is launching the Hasbro Gaming Crate. This all new subscription service brings game night to your doorstep, featuring all new games carefully selected by Hasbro gaming experts. Further expanding gaming experiences, we announced an all new music mixing game DROPMIX. In partnership with Harmonix, this fast-paced game has players blending hit songs from award-winning artists. This new gaming system will be available beginning in September. Emerging brand revenues increased 25% behind continued growth in BABY ALIVE and FURREAL FRIENDS. In addition, we launched Hanazuki earlier this year. To date, we have released over 200 minutes of content and are approaching 120 million views. We are developing plans to expand storytelling globally across screen. Moving to Partner Brands, revenues declined as anticipated, 18% in the quarter. BEYBLADE, which is rolling out globally, and continued strength in DREAMWORKS' TROLLS contributed positively, but did not offset the declines in STAR WARS and MARVEL ahead of major theatrical launches this year. In May MARVEL's Guardians of the Galaxy: Volume 2 will be released and product is rolling out globally now. Spider-Man: Homecoming opens in July, and November will see Thor: Ragnarok. Star Wars: The Last Jedi will be in theaters on December 15th, with Force Friday II scheduled for September 1 globally. In addition, Star Wars Forces of Destiny, an original micro series of animated shorts by Lucasfilm was recently announced. This initiative celebrates the inspiring stories of iconic heroes from across the STAR WARS universe. Developed in collaboration with Disney and Lucasfilm, the shorts will launch in July and Hasbro's line of adventure figures, plus expanded role play offerings will debut in August. This innovative new line addresses broadening audiences while also appealing to existing fans. This quarter was the anniversary of our launch of Hasbro's line of Disney Princess and Frozen fashion dolls and small dolls. Global point of sale was strong, including gains in Disney Princess and Frozen, plus the addition of Beauty and the Beast, Elena of Avalor, and Moana. We are seeing additional demand for Moana from streaming and home entertainment. This is a trend we are seeing and we look forward to the second window on other properties, including Beauty and the Beast later this year. In closing, the first quarter was consistent with our expectation as we grew compared to a very strong first quarter last year. We are well-positioned to execute against the storytelling and brand initiatives for the year, while investing to expand the reach of our brands and deliver profitable growth for this year and future years. Deb will now speak further about the first quarter financial results. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter performance was in line with our expectations, and reinforces our full year outlook. As expected, 2017 began with a difficult comparison, yet we grew revenues 2%, and earnings per share 40%. Operating profit was negatively impacted by anticipated events in the quarter, including an extra week of expenses and a shift in product mix. Given the first quarter's smaller relative size to other quarters of the year, these changes are amplified and are expected to smooth out over the course of the year. Net earnings increased to $68.6 million, and earnings per share increased to $0.54. We experienced a $0.03 favorable foreign currency gain recorded in the other income line, as well as an $0.11 benefit from Hasbro's adoption of the new accounting standard governing stock-based compensation. This tax benefit was $0.03 higher than we forecasted in February due to the stock price appreciation over that time. Hasbro is in a very strong financial position, with positive consumer takeaway, strong earnings, and a healthy balance sheet. For the quarter, revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 2%. Revenue growth in Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands offset lower Partner Brand revenues and a 1% decline in Franchise Brands, primarily due to the decline in MAGIC: THE GATHERING. In total, U.S. and Canada point of sale increased in the high single digits and remaining retail inventory is of good quality. Allowances during the quarter remained consistent with last year. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment decreased 17%, or $13.6 million, due to the anticipated decline in MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenue and certain higher expenses. International segment revenues were flat, including a positive $3 million impact from foreign exchange. Within the international segment, Franchise Brands, Hasbro Gaming, and Emerging Brands revenue increased. Partner Brand revenues declined. Point of sale grew across all three regions: Europe, Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Retailer inventories are overall of good quality and while there are always certain regions with pockets of inventory, our overall inventory continues to be concentrated in new and growing brands. Operating profit in the segment was $0.5 million, compared to $2.9 million last year. The $2.4 million decrease was the result of product mix and higher expenses in the quarter. Entertainment and Licensing segment revenues increased 24%, driven by growth in digital gaming, including Backflip Studios. Segment operating profit increased over 100%, or $5.9 million to $11.3 million in the quarter. The improvement came primarily from the growth in higher margin digital gaming revenues. Overall, Hasbro operating profit decreased 9%, and operating profit margin was 9.2% versus 10.1% last year. In addition to a shift in product mix, the first quarter of this year had 14 weeks versus 13 weeks last year. Falling in the last week of the 2016 calendar year, the extra week does not drive much incremental revenue, but did drive incremental expense of approximately $7 million. Cost of sales increased 6% to 36% of revenues. This reflected the shift in product mix, including in Partner Brands and MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues and the timing of lower margin closeouts. These closeout sales have a lower gross margin and are part of our normal annual activity, but were more highly concentrated in the first quarter this year compared to a year ago, as we aligned around marketing for entertainment windows. The decline in Partner Brands drove an associated 8% decline in royalty expense. Combined, cost of sales and royalties increased 30 basis points. Product development increased as a percent of revenues in the quarter, in part due to the incremental expense associated with the extra week and, more strategically, as we continue investing to drive innovation. SD&A increased as a percent of sales to 28.7%. We experienced higher expenses due to the extra week as well as investments in IT systems, higher IT depreciation, and higher compensation expense. We continue to expect full year SD&A to be in line with 2016 excluding the impairment charge as a percent of revenue. Turning to our results below operating profit, other income was $17 million versus an expense of $2.7 million last year. Other income was driven primarily by foreign currency transaction gains this year, versus a loss last year, and to a lesser extent, higher interest income. The underlying tax rate was 24.9%, down from 26.5% in the first quarter last year, and versus the 24.5% for the full year 2016. The quarter included $15.4 million in discrete tax benefits, primarily from our adoption of the new accounting standard governing stock compensation. As we discussed at Toy Fair, given the timing of Hasbro's equity grants, this impact is greatest in the first quarter. The $0.11 benefit was higher than we had forecasted in February and reflects the incremental benefit of our stock price appreciation over that timeframe. The anticipated EPS impact for the remaining quarters of 2017 is approximately $0.015 per quarter. However, as we experienced in Q1, that impact is ultimately dependent on our stock price. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.54. Our financial position is strong, including a healthy balance sheet with robust cash generation. We generated $411.9 million in operating cash flow in the quarter, and $916 million over the trailing 12-month period, ending the quarter with $1.5 billion in cash. Our capital priorities remain investing in our business, in particular, to enhance capabilities around the Brand Blueprint and returning excess cash to shareholders. In the quarter, we returned $81.5 million to shareholders through our dividend and repurchase program. On May 15, the first dividend at the 12% higher quarterly dividend rate of $0.57 per share will be paid. We repurchased 218,000 shares of common stock during the quarter at a total cost of $18.1 million. We continue to target repurchase levels for the full year in line with the $150 million we purchased last year. Repurchases are subject to market conditions and availability of U.S. cash. Receivables at quarter end increased 1%, and day sales outstanding decreased one day to 72 days. Our accounts receivable are in good condition and collections continue to be strong. Inventories declined 10% in the quarter to $416 million. Overall, our inventories are in good shape, supported by disciplined execution from our team. With new merchandise coming in now, we're well-positioned for our second quarter focused on entertainment and new initiatives. In closing, our first quarter positions us well for 2017, with strong consumer engagement and takeaway, investments to drive long-term growth of our business, and new entertainment and innovations slated throughout the year. Now, I'll turn the call back to Brian.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you, Deb. Before we take your questions, I want to thank the global Hasbro team for all they do in setting the highest standards for a responsible business. Last week, Hasbro was ranked number one on Corporate Responsibility, CR Magazine's 2017, 100 Best Corporate Citizen List, which ranks the Russell 1000 companies across seven categories. This is a tremendous honor and the result of years of work from our teams around the world. Hasbro continues to be recognized by some of the world's most prestigious business rankings for our CSR commitments and advancements. It is a priority that our management and board have set, but it is the actions our teams take every day that sets the standard. In addition to topping the corporate citizen list, Hasbro was recently named a world's most ethical company for the sixth year and ranked number one in Newsweek's 2016 Green Rankings. Being a good corporate citizen is not just what we do, it's who we are. Deb and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Morning, Drew.
Drew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Let me start with STAR WARS. Guys, I think you talked about having elevated inventory for that brand entering the year. Just give us an update as to where you are with that. And with Star Wars Celebration, I believe last week, how that impacted point of sales and the year-to-date figure you gave through Easter?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah, STAR WARS at this point, we are seeing that we have a number of opportunities and are selling through product. We took advantage of the fact that we have Rogue One home entertainment, which broke just in early April, and we are seeing great sales on the Black Series and role play are some of the key drivers, the Black Series figures. We've kicked into a marketing program around joining the rebellion and we are moving into the 40th anniversary of the STAR WARS business, and certainly celebrating that. In fact, we'll also have the Early Bird set from 1977 coming out of Celebration, which we've re-imagined and will be on sale. And then, again, we will have, over the summer, Forces of Destiny, which we're very excited about, the micro series of animation, plus product in our adventure figures and role play, And then that takes us to our September 1 which is Force Friday II and certainly very excited about that moving into the movie in December, mid-December. So overall, what we've seen is that STAR WARS year-on-year continues to perform and we've taken advantage, as Deb noted in our remarks, of marketing windows and entertainment windows to move through additional inventories in the first quarter.
Drew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then moving over to BEYBLADE, I know it's really early. But any commentary on the launch and just general consumer interest in the line, relative to the last product cycle? And then on NERF NITRO, can you just give us a sense as to what the timing is of the launch of that product?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Sure. BEYBLADE is only off to a start in a few markets but off to a very good start. And we've seen a very good start in Australia and very early days in the U.S. but a very good start here. And it will begin rolling out around the world. So, I would say staged and rolling out around the world as we have entertainment placed, but the play pattern is really compelling with BEYBLADE BURSTS. So, I'm very excited about that. And NERF NITRO will kick in late summer into fall sets and we're very excited. But NERF year-to-date has performed at a very high level. AccuStrike has gotten off to a very strong start. We continue to see great growth in NERF RIVAL and that brand is experiencing very robust growth and very robust sell-through, along with a lot of our product line.
Drew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. I'll jump back into the queue. Thanks, guys.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Morning.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Morning, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. So, not to get caught up in semantics and hold you too much to this, but – so in the release and your prepared remarks you said that first quarter was in line with previously communicated expectations, but you did better on revenues, because you guys were guiding for the first quarter that revenues would be down a bit and they were up 2%. So, I'm assuming that when you talked about in line with expectations you were meaning overall. But given that you've kind of provided that guidance within six weeks to go in the quarter, I was just wondering what drove the better than expected revenues.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Well, we're really seeing great acceleration in several categories. Our Gaming business up 43%, including great contributions from Backflip Studios, continued great growth in digital gaming. Our emerging brands are just accelerating. The BABY ALIVE team and FURREAL FRIENDS team have done a great job. So that business is up within our Emerging Brands. And, of course, our Franchise Brands, we've seen great acceleration in the TRANSFORMERS business. So, I think, as we were talking about guidance, clearly for us revenues growth is important, but as you know, earnings growth and profitability are important for us as well over time. And so we had noted that we would have this extra week, and the week does fall at the end of the year. So that's a week primarily of expenses with very little revenue between Christmas and New Year's with very little shipments. We had a mix shift that we spoke to within our Partner Brands where we're mixing more into Princess and Frozen where we continue to invest in that business for innovations and for the full year. So, that obviously had an impact. We talked about MAGIC: THE GATHERING being our release schedule for our storytelling being more Q2 and Q4 oriented this year with Qs 1 and 3 probably being down a bit. So, I think overall, we tried to paint a picture in February that's been primarily borne out. Clearly, our point of sale, it's very robust and that's been very helpful for us around the world. It's up in the mid-teens around the world. And very, very strong growth in regions, which has enabled us to both have overall lower inventories, but also lower inventories at retail in the U.S. So we're selling out through product and setting ourselves up well for the full year situation. So, I would say overall, we are, in fact, pretty consistent with what we said back in February.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then can you just give us some point of sales color for the quarter in the U.S. and then also, if you have it, for the top five Euro markets?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Sure. Overall in the U.S., as Deb noted in her comments, U.S. is high single-digit growth in Toy and Game. And then we also have very strong growth in Emerging Brands, double digit growth in Emerging Brands and in Gaming. Our online POS was very strong and, again, continues to run ahead of our overall POS growth. We have really good data, particularly for our U.S. business and it was very strong growth. And we can talk more about that in a moment. Global POS was up mid-teens, but with certain regions up even higher, like Europe and Latin America. And we've seen even great sell through on global Partner Brands just because revenues were down, the sell through on Disney Princess and Frozen has been very, very robust. We continue to see great sell through in places like MARVEL, where our MARVEL LEGENDS business has continued to perform well. And as I said, global Games are up even more strongly than overall POS.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then, Deb, I was just hoping you could just clarify something on for Other Income. You did break out that there was an FX gain of about $0.03. So, I calculated that's about $4 million. Other income was $17 million, which is kind of higher than it usually is. So, you had said that most of the benefit in that line was coming from FX, but that's only $4 million. I'm kind of wondering what else was in that. Like, if you could just call out for us what that Other, what else is in there.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Sure. Well, everything else was kind of relatively consistent with the prior year, with the exception of we did have higher interest income this year, as we see rates going up a bit and with our cash balance, we do have higher interest income in that line. But the one thing that was different and we really don't forecast – it just is kind of what it is – is the FX gain and it was just a little bit higher than that. But your math is not that far off. So, we wanted to point that out. The other thing was the excess tax benefit, because the increase in our stock price, we had said at Toy Fair, we thought it would be about $0.08 in the first quarter and it was about $0.11. So, we wanted to make sure we highlighted that. And that was just the benefit that our employees got from when all of the vesting took place in the beginning of the – or during the first quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And that falls in the Other Income line?
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: No, that falls into the tax line. But, our underlying -
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, okay.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: I guess I'm still thinking about your question on our expectations versus not. We really tried to highlight and that was something that was different than our expectations that we laid out at Toy Fair and that is in the tax line.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I guess I'm asking just because a lot of investors this morning were just trying to figure out what your – kind of the normalized earnings are for the quarter. And so I think everybody understands the $0.08 from the accounting change. But looking at the $17 million in Other Income, I think some folks are inclined to kind of not give you credit for any of it. And I'm just trying to figure out what's, kind of, a normalized run rate for that line, versus some extra things you had in the quarter.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah, we would say the only unusual thing that you really can't put your finger on is the FX gain. I mean, that's still dependent on where the rates are going. So-
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All righty. Thank you.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Just a couple of clarifications here. Brian, you said global when you were responding to Felicia's question. So you meant global collectively, not just international on that?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah, global was up mid-teens. As I said, North America was up high – very high single digits. Europe was up double digits. Latin America up double digits above our global POS gain. Asia Pac was more in line with our global POS gain. So, in Europe and Latin America was particularly strong.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. And then, Deb, you'd called out how you had some very favorable FX hedges in 2016. Where are those comps more difficult on the FX side with the favorable hedges? And I apologize if you hit this before, but I just wanted to double check. How do you see the FX now versus that $50 million to $60 million you outlined at Toy Fair?
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: We hedged about 75% of our product purchases last year. And we're hedged a little bit less than that this year. The hedges are a bit less favorable than they were in the past, as rates have kind of leveled out this year. So, overall, we'll have a bit of a negative impact that impacts gross margin, but – and we'll take pricing to compensate for some of that as we go through the year. We still see our numbers kind of in line with what we set out for the full year, just as a bit of – because it's such a small quarter, little things can have such a big impact on our different percentages of revenue in the first quarter. But overall, for the full year, we still see our numbers in line with what we set out at Toy Fair.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And the quarter that would have the most difficult comparison, versus the more favorable hedges last year?
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: It's really hard to say. I mean, it's probably – most of our purchases come through in the third and fourth quarter, along with our sales. So, I would think that that would be it. But you probably just won't see it as much because they are such big quarters.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, okay, okay. And then any areas, Brian, where you believe you're short on inventory?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Well, I think overall, we do have some product lines that are selling quite well. If you look at the acceleration in our Games business and some of the new launches that we've come out with, they're selling quite well. And the Games category is up and POS is up very strongly. I would say overall, clearly, you see that retail inventories in the U.S. are down and our overall inventories are down a bit. I think you'll see in Qs 2 and 3 as we get into our storytelling and our Partner Brand storytelling you may see a bit of an increase in inventories, but only in line with sales. So, again, we'll try to put more inventory around the entertainment initiatives and more adjusted time inventory as we continue to manage that.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then lastly, and I know you've had and we've had questions related to the concerns about cannibalization on TRANSFORMERS and Spider-Man and you've answered that, as those address different audiences. How, I guess, are the approach of yourselves and Disney, as it comes to the five to six months between The Last Jedi and then the spinoff coming then in May of 2018?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah, I would say that 2017 has certainly lined up to be a very strong year. You have a number of initiatives, but you do have different audiences, demographics, fan bases for each of those and some good separation in the calendar as well. One of the things we're also seeing is this very good strength in the electronic sell through windows, the home entertainment windows. So you're getting both the theatrical as well as the electronic sell through windows, like Moana had performed so well around the home entertainment window. As we get into 2018, we go from strength to strength. We have a number of new theatrical pieces of entertainment. We'll have our own TRANSFORMERS movie in Bumblebee next year and then you have a number of MARVEL movies. And then, you're right, summer we'll also have the Han Solo movie. But, again, there's very big differences between the fan bases and the – both demographics and psychographics, the play patterns. And we have dedicated teams of individuals. We don't have the same teams working on Lucasfilm that we have working on MARVEL. They're different teams, they have different innovations. We're bringing new innovations to the market first around those brands, as well as around our brand. So, because of that, we're able to look at the marketplace and take global consumer insights and apply them differently so that we're able to tease out and offer different play patterns and role play and action figures that really help to keep all of our fans, children, and families enthusiastic around those brands. So we really don't see it – and by the way, we've experienced years with Spider-Man and TRANSFORMERS movies before, and both of those brands performed at a very high level. I'm very excited about the Spider-Man movie. I think the materials look fantastic.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Arpiné H. Kocharyan - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, thank you. So, thanks for the expense color on extra week. And I understand revenue was not up commensurate with expense, but in terms of year over year terms, what did the extra week add in terms of revenue year over year? And does incremental expense and MAGIC: THE GATHERING being down for the quarter explain the 340 basis points of operating margin contraction in North America? And then I have a follow-up on that. Brian, I heard you reiterate the 15.7% operating margin on GAAP basis. It seems like you expect good strong top line growth this year, with some puts and takes, of course, in terms of mix. And if this is the case, I'm just trying to understand why wouldn't it be operating margin accretive, given the fact that mix shift is lower for Partner Brands, according to your guidance, and that's lower operating margin business for you, why wouldn't adjusted operating margins grow for the year, if you expect additional revenue?
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Arpiné, let me address your first question. So, the extra week comes at the beginning of our fiscal year, which is the end of the calendar year. So it's essentially that week between Christmas and New Year. And really, a lot of retailers don't take a lot at shipments in that timeframe. Many of our offices are closed down. So, from a revenue standpoint, it truly is negligible, if we have any at all, but the expenses are fixed. Typically, we have to pay salaries. We pay things like that, rents. So our expenses are pretty much fixed. And that's why you get that extra week. It only happens once every several years. So, we don't talk about that much. But it's a 14-week period versus a 13-week period, and that's really why we highlighted that.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. And then on operating margin, we do expect operating profit margin expansion, versus our reported 15.7% last year. And, as I noted in February, we would expect over time to continue to expand operating profit margins towards that 16.4% level over the medium term. But as you know, we're also investing in our business, creating new content and innovation, and ensuring that we have the horsepower to deliver great results in both top and bottom line over multiple years and that requires investing back in our business, and you'll also see that. So, again, I want to reiterate that we do see operating profit margin expansion versus the 15.7%.
Arpiné H. Kocharyan - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. And then I have a quick follow-up on Backflip. Was there anything outsized for the quarter that you don't expect reoccurring in Q2, Q3, Q4 this year under Backflip?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: No, the Backflip business, we made the transition and now own 100% of that business. The business revenues have been accelerating as we brought on board some new leadership, and also we see our brands like TRANSFORMERS: EARTH WAR performing well. There'll be a couple of new Hasbro titles that will come out over the next year, and DragonVale World and DragonVale continue to sale. So, I think it's some good progress as we move forward. And then, of course, we have third-party digital gaming business with our embedded teams that also performed at a very high level and we've seen great results there, as our brands really resonate in that mobile gaming platform.
Arpiné H. Kocharyan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Great. And then one quick follow-up, Brian. One of your large customers, I guess, in the prior week talked about a tough retail environment, whether in terms of inventories, as well as sell through and trade spend. Could you just take a few minutes to kind of give investors an update on the overall health of the category as you stand here at the beginning of the year, in terms of Toys? Thanks.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Sure. You saw that our overall sales grew, despite the fact that we had the flip in Easter and, as I said noted, our overall POS grew both without and including Easter, and grew very robustly. Our allowances overall are in line with prior periods. So, as we said in the fourth quarter, back in February, it's very consistent with the first quarter, where allowances really are very much the same as they have been in the past. We have a lot of products that are selling quite well. As Deb noted, we did take advantage of some of the marketing windows and entertainment windows in EST and our own windows around MY LITTLE PONY launching its new TV series mid-April to clean up some inventories and that goes out through closeouts. But for the full year, we do not expect closeouts to differ materially from any prior year. Just, again, taking advantage of what we're seeing in the marketplace, which is this great much more robust uptake around the home entertainment windows for major entertainment and also the continued drive that television has on businesses. So, I would say, overall, we're partnering with that retailer and all our retailers, both in store and Omni channel online, and we are seeing a great convergence of content, commerce, and innovation happening at retail and also particularly in the online space. And we're seeing a lot of our retailers performing quite well across both of those dimensions.
Arpiné H. Kocharyan - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Could you talk a little bit about the response to Beauty and the Beast? Did it meet your expectations and what type of benefit will you receive from the box office versus the home entertainment? How do you think that's going to differ for this movie?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. Overall, the sell through for our Disney Princess, Beauty and the Beast, and Frozen has been extremely positive around the world. And what we saw for Moana I believe we will also see for Beauty and the Beast. We saw great sell through during the time of the movie, but this EST or electronic sell through window has become a more marketable window for those OTT platforms. Lot of OTT platforms are now marketing around the availability of new movies and content and that's really helping to engender a lot more interest and driving a lot more merchandise sales. So, we saw it for Moana around EST and home entertainment. It's been a major driver, and I would expect it to be the case for Beauty and the Beast. Clearly, we see the Beauty and the Beast as a major contributor and we are very excited about the kind of sales we are seeing. In fact, if you look at the 11 Princesses that we have available in the market, right now, Belle is our number one seller. So, I think that's a good indication of just how well Beauty and the Beast is performing. But then, as you go out through the year, we have a number of new initiatives coming in the area of content. There's a new lineup for a new Tangled TV series. I mentioned the Beauty and the Beast home entertainment window. We also have innovations like Dance Code Belle coming from the product line that we're very happy about and other innovations and fashion dolls. You have the summer Descendants 2 movie coming that will be in television. And then, of course, around holiday, you have new entertainment for holiday coming for Frozen – the Olaf's Frozen Adventure and a whole new line of product coming for us to celebrate that. So, again, overall, sell through has been up significantly across the business and Disney Princess globally.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right, good. And then in terms of M&A opportunities and maybe the potential to combine with some other large manufacturers like Mattel, do you see opportunities or would that just be a distraction given the strong POS and momentum that you're seeing?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: We're very focused on building our brands and building our capabilities around the Blueprint. And we've said that we remain open to looking at new capabilities and on boarding new capabilities. We've also looked at a lot of our vault brands and over time have acquired a few brands here and there, like Micronauts that have been great comic book brands that we're developing. But, as you see, we're sort of shifting into the next gear as a company, and beginning to identify those new brands we want to put in the marketplace, like Hanazuki and you'll see a TV series coming this fall from us as an exclusive on Netflix which is Stretch Armstrong coming out of our vault. So, we feel like we have the right brands, the right team, and the right blueprint to drive our business.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks very much. I have a question for Deb and one for Brian and then a content question for whomever wants to take it. First, Deb, just a question on the ASU 2016-09 benefit of $0.015 each quarter. What stock price are you assuming? And then, for Brian, Gaming was particularly strong in the quarter and this is despite MAGIC being down year on year. Can you provide any additional color on what drove the strength? And maybe are you able to provide any color around gaming POS? I'm just trying to better understand the underlying consumer demand versus the benefit from initial shipments. And then I have a follow-up.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Sure.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: So, Michael, I'll just grab the stock price one, quickly. We're just assuming a stock price similar to what we had around the end of our first quarter.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: And then in Gaming, we've had a number of new initiatives and continuing initiatives that have been strong contributors to shipments and to sell through. In fact, our sell through is very strong as well, up double digits, as I noted. And we're seeing that globally around gaming. So, in the area of games, we have a few new games. I never thought I'd actually get to talk about this on an earnings call but, TOILET TROUBLE is off to a very good start and as everybody here sort of laughs, it's a fun game for preschoolers. FANTASTIC GYMNASTICS has been off to a great start. We continue to see great results around Speak Out Kids vs Parents, which is a new line extension for that brand. PIE-FACE has continued to perform at a very high level. We saw growth in MONOPOLY in the quarter, as you know. I also am very happy to see very strong growth for brands like DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and Duel Masters. So, the team at (46:34) has gone to a new storytelling modality for MAGIC and, obviously, impacted the quarter. But they've also done some very good work around DUNGEONS and storytelling and in engagement with that audience. So overall, I would expect that our face-to-face gaming business will continue to perform at a high level and the team's done an absolutely stellar job at both the social media oriented games, as well as some more of our classic games. And then, of course, you have to note the growth in our digital gaming business, the owned and operated Backflip Studios, as well as our third party digital games both performing at a very strong level.
Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you very much. That was helpful. And the content question is, I believe that MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE will be Hasbro's first theatrical release where you'll actually have meaningful ownership. And I think this will be the first time that Hasbro will actually book box office revenue. First, is that right? And then, from a modeling perspective, is that going to be booked at the geographical level or within the Entertainment and Licensing segment?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah, so let me take the first part of that question and then Deb can talk about the geography on the P&L. The first part is we are working in partnership with Lionsgate. They've have done a great job in helping to get us global distribution. And all the territories are very excited now as we line up the global box office date for MY LITTLE PONY. Again, remember, for those of you less familiar with how we produce animation, we are taking advantage of new technology and capability so that we're able to produce this animated feature film with animated quality, animated feature film quality with a very notable cast, very all-star cast, and all-star music, but yet at a price point that's lower than other feature film studios out there, and I think that's important to note. And we're using a great modality as we roll the product line out around the world. And, yes, we will participate in box office for the movie. I don't know, Deb, if you want to -
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Right. So we've had some moderate box office before. Our share of TRANSFORMERS, again, very modest share of box office, but that was booked in our Entertainment and Licensing segment and the box office related to this movie will be booked there as well.
Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you, Rob, and thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Hasbro will be participating in several upcoming conferences. On May 22nd, we will be at the J.P. Morgan TMT Conference in Boston. On June 1, we will participate in the Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference in New York. On June 15, we'll be at the NASDAQ Investor Conference, hosted in conjunction with Jefferies at London. We're also planning an Investor Day to be held on Thursday, October 3 in our West Coast offices in Burbank, California. – August. What did I say? August 3, I apologize. Thursday, August 3 and finally Hasbro's second quarter earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Monday, July 24. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - Hasbro, Inc. Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc. Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.
Analysts: Drew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co. Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Arpiné H. Kocharyan - UBS Securities LLC Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Gerrick Luke Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, and then we will take your questions. Our fourth quarter and full-year earnings release was issued this morning, and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 2016 was a very good year for Hasbro, with tremendous performance from the Hasbro team globally. Our excellent results reflect nearly nine years of investing in and executing our Brand Blueprint. Over this period, the Blueprint has remained at constant, guiding our strategic decisions and investments, while we build an organization with differentiated brands, capabilities and approaches to the consumer. The investments we are making and the cultural mindset we're instilling are not only delivering improving results but also creating long-term strategic differentiators for Hasbro. Through our consumer insight and story-led brand focus, we are creating innovative play and compelling entertainment to successfully build Hasbro into a global play and entertainment company. Revenues for the year increased 13%, topping $5 billion for the first time in our history. This included a strong finish to a strong year, with 11% revenue growth in the fourth quarter. All regions contributed. The U.S. and Canada segment increased 15% for the year. The International segment gained 11%, and the Entertainment and Licensing segment was up 8%. We grew in major developed economies including the U.S., UK, France, Germany and Canada. Revenue also grew in emerging markets, increasing 12% in constant dollars, with growth in Brazil, Russia and China, among other countries. Operating profit grew 14%, or 19% on an adjusted basis, outpacing revenue growth. Operating profit margin increased for the third consecutive year. We returned $400 million to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase program, and ended the year with $1.3 billion in cash. Given our recent success and favorable outlook, the board has declared a 12% dividend increase to $0.57 per share. For 2016, Hasbro's growth outpaced the overall market, and per industry data, we gained share in almost every country we track. This includes share gains in the U.S., UK, Brazil and Russia. We finished the year strong. Hasbro was ranked number one in the industry for the month of December, among the top nine markets tracked by NPD. We also grew to become the number one company in the Brazilian market for the year. And after taking over the number two position last year in Europe, we gained share across the region and were the top company in Spain. Global point of sale increased 12% for the year, including an 11% increase in the fourth quarter. The U.S., Europe and Asia-Pacific regions delivered double-digit full-year POS growth, and Latin America was up in the mid-single digits. Online U.S. point of sale grew more than 3 times faster than total POS. Strong December consumer takeaway combined with continued momentum this year, positions us well for 2017. Overall, we feel good about the level and quality of our inventories at retail across the globe, as well as at Hasbro where inventory finished essentially flat with last year. There has been a great deal of focus on the performance of the toy industry and the read-through for Hasbro's performance. Importantly, the industry is growing, and continue to grow throughout 2016. Despite some shifts to later consumer purchases, we do not view and did not experience the season as different from other years. As many of you know, when we speak about our business we focus on full year performance. This is due to our long-term perspective toward developing our brands, the seasonal nature of the industry and the impact of many factors on weekly, monthly and even quarterly sales trends. These factors include the timing of launches, holidays, the number of days or weeks in a period, promotional activity, retail inventory and changes in share. It is equally important to recognize that while publicly available data is directionally valuable, it does not represent the majority of Hasbro's global business. First, this data is highly aligned to our more traditional U.S. retail toy and game business, but less so in many growing channels including club stores, grocery, drug and value channels. Second, it does not capture hobby stores where we execute more than 80% of our Wizards of the Coast business including MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Third, it misses the approximately 5% of our business in the Entertainment and Licensing segment, including consumer products, digital and entertainment revenues. We are a global business with approximately 50% of revenues outside the U.S. Current industry data is concentrated in the U.S. While data is available for approximately 10 global markets, it covers less than in the U.S. Importantly, if you are an investor reading publicly available data on the U.S. market, please be aware that this correlates to at most 35% to 40% of our total global revenues. Finally, innovative story-led brands appeal to global consumers and audiences. Not all brands will grow every quarter or even every year, but brands built on proprietary insights with real innovation, strong storytelling and offer to consumers and audiences in the way they want anytime and anywhere are the brands that will also deliver results and shareholder value. For 2016, Hasbro Brands and our Partner Brands delivered broad-based growth across demographics and play patterns. We delivered innovative new offerings for the number one global toy property, STAR WARS; and NERF grew to become the number two global toy property. NERF revenue increased in the mid-teens year-over-year, and it remained the largest brand in our company. PLAY-DOH posted its fifth straight year of growth and BABY ALIVE grew significantly. The Games category was up 9%, led by PIE FACE, and the eighth straight year of growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING. There were several growing brands in our gaming portfolio which drove face-to-face gaming, off-the-board gaming and digital gaming. Our $1.4 billion gaming portfolio is unparalleled and addresses broader demographics and play experiences than any other company. In digital gaming, Hasbro brands continue to perform extremely well. Mobile is the biggest and fastest growing piece of the gaming market. Hasbro's brands and gaming experiences coupled with our internal expertise and industry partnerships uniquely positions us to capitalize on this trend. New launches from Backflip Studios, including Transformers: Earth Wars and DragonVale World are performing well. To drive expansion in this market, we are now operating Backflip as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The mobile gaming market is dynamic, and much has changed since 2013 when we first invested. During the fourth quarter, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to that investment. We remain committed to the team and investing to grow in Hasbro's brands in digital gaming. Going forward, Backflip will be focused on fewer bigger initiatives, including new Hasbro branded games and will continue to build our expertise in this important and strategic gaming market. During 2016, we activated very successful launches of Hasbro's line of DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN dolls, as well as our DREAMWORKS' TROLLS line. Both new initiatives exceeded our initial expectations and were extremely well received by retailers and consumers. 2016 was also a good year for STAR WARS. It remained the number one global toy property, according to NPD, and Hasbro gained share within the property. While Hasbro's global STAR WARS revenues declined slightly, we capitalized on the growing franchise driven by both Star Wars: The Force Awakens and the December release of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story. Innovation in action figures, role-play vehicles and face-to-face games excited both fans and younger audiences globally. With a late December 2016 movie release, we have a good quality inventory at retail. We are confident that we will work through this inventory, ship new innovative product and new assortments in the first half of 2017, and prepare for the release of Star Wars: The Last Jedi, later this year. Our trade partners are excited about the movie, our innovation across segments and the promotional plans we are working on with them. 2017 has several additional theatrical releases across demographics and genres, which retailers and consumers are getting behind. In March, Disney's Beauty and the Beast hits theaters. In May, we will see Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2. Spider-Man: Homecoming opens in July and November we'll see Thor: Ragnarok. Significantly, Hasbro has two major films featuring our brands, Transformers: The Last Knight opening in June and My Little Pony: The Movie comes to theaters in October. Powered by our all-screen year-round storytelling, TRANSFORMERS had a strong finish to 2016, posting double-digit growth in the second half of the year and is well positioned for the next chapter of the TRANSFORMERS franchise. MY LITTLE PONY revenues declined last year, but grew in the International segment. Brand engagement continues to build through multi-screen storytelling, and we have an innovative and robust line with new characters and worlds. Retailers and consumer products licensees are significantly supporting both Hasbro films. 2016 showcased the extensive innovation and progress Hasbro is making every day. Our Brand Blueprint is delivering bigger opportunities and new thinking from our teams. Beginning with the first quarter, we will no longer report revenue along the Boys, Games, Girls and Preschool categories. Instead, we'll provide a revenue breakdown of Franchise Brands, Partner Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands. We believe this is a more relevant and appropriate view of our business. We hope to see many of you next week in New York for Toy Fair. We have amazing new initiatives to share, far too many to review today. As we begin 2017, we have already introduced an all-new segment for NERF, NERF NITRO, which combines NERF blasting and innovative foam vehicles. We've also introduced an all-new story-driven lifestyle brand, Hanazuki. We launched this brand on YouTube with animated stream content produced by Hasbro Studios. In the first three weeks alone, it has over 49 million views. We look forward to telling you more about these initiatives and many others at Toy Fair. I will now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. The global Hasbro team delivered a well-executed year with robust and profitable growth across geographies and segments. The team managed difficult comparisons in economic conditions to grow revenues, operating profit, EPS and generate strong cash flow for the year. We continue to make strategic investments in our brands and our company to better position us for the future. Our strong cash position enabled us to return $400 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase, and the board's 12% quarterly dividend increase announced today is further indication of our positive outlook and confidence in the performance of Hasbro. We exited 2016 with good momentum, exceeding even our own expectations. And we are well positioned to execute against a strong 2017 plan. For 2016, Games revenues grew 9%; Franchise Brands grew 2%; and Partner Brands were up 28%. Revenue also grew in each major operating segments. In the U.S. and Canada segment, revenues increased 15%. Revenue growth in the Girls, Games and Boys categories more than offset declines in the Preschool category. Hasbro's Franchise Brand revenues grew 3%, driven by growth in NERF and PLAY-DOH. Games grew 11% including growth in PIE FACE, DUEL MASTERS and the SPEAK-OUT game. BABY ALIVE revenue increased significantly. Plus, Partner Brand revenues increased 25% behind contributions from Hasbro's line of DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN, DREAMWORKS' TROLLS and to a lesser extent YO-KAI WATCH. U.S. and Canada point of sale increased 11% in the year, including a 10% increase in Q4. Retail inventory is of good quality. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 21% to $522.3 million, or 20.4% of net revenues. The team profitably grew Hasbro with higher revenues delivering improved expense leverage, even with increased expenses in investments to support a growing business. International segment revenues grew 11%, including a negative $58.4 million impact from foreign exchange. Within the International segment, all product categories grew. Franchise Brand revenues increased 3% with growth in NERF, PLAY-DOH, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MY LITTLE PONY. Hasbro brands BABY ALIVE and PIE FACE also contributed to the segment's strong performance, and Games grew 4%. Partner Brand revenues increased 31%, behind Hasbro shipments of DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN, YO-KAI WATCH and DREAMWORKS' TROLLS. Point of sale grew across all three regions: Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific, for both the year and the fourth quarter. Operating profit in the segment increased 15% to $294.5 million, or 13.4% of net revenues. Like the U.S. and Canada segment, the International segment continue to generate greater expense leverage, while at the same time investing back into the business. Growth in higher profit brands such as Franchise Brands, strong results from our hedging program and effective cost controls mitigated the negative impact of currency exchange. Entertainment and Licensing segment revenues increased 8% with growth in consumer products, digital gaming and the addition of Boulder Media. Segment operating profit, as reported, decreased to $49.9 million and includes a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $32.9 million. Excluding this charge, operating profit increased in line with revenues, or 8%, to $82.7 million or 31.2% of revenues. Higher revenues and lower program production amortization were partially offset by investments in building our consumer products team globally and higher expenses at Backflip Studios in support of new gaming launches. Boulder Media revenue and expenses are being recorded in this segment and were slightly accretive to the year. Overall, Hasbro operating profit increased 14% and profit margin expanded 10 basis points versus last year. Adjusted for the non-cash goodwill impairment charge, operating profit grew 19% and operating profit margin increased 90 basis points to 16.4%. The strength of our revenue growth and our continued focus on profitably growing Hasbro more than offset investments in our business, as well as higher expenses. With strong consumer takeaway in the fourth quarter and all of our segments performing at a high level, we achieved better than expected leverage on our operating expenses. Cost of sales for the full year increased 14%. We forecast cost of sales to be essentially in line with last year, and ended the year up 30 basis points. Our discounts and allowances were not different than prior years, and the increase was primarily driven by product mix, including a mix shift within our Partner Brands. As we've stated previously, different lines carry different costs, but it'll also impact other line items such as royalties and advertising expense, often in inverse ways. This product mix shift drove an equal 30-basis-point decline in royalties as a percentage of sales. We continue investing in innovation and brand engagement to build differentiated brand experiences. For the year, while reflecting this investment through an increase in dollars, product development declined 20 basis points as a percentage of sales, and advertising increased 10 basis points. Intangible amortization was lower, as forecast, reflecting the full year impact of certain digital gaming assets being fully amortized. Program production amortization declined slightly, based on the timing of program deliveries. In 2016, we spent approximately $49 million in cash on television and film content development. We continue investing in differentiated storytelling and entertainment, including the 2017 MY LITTLE PONY animated feature and the launch of Hanazuki. SG&A increased, as a percentage of sales, including the $32.9 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge. Excluding the charge, SG&A declined 20 basis points year-over-year. During 2016, we had higher expenses associated with investments to profitably grow Hasbro for the long-term. These include investments in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and our consumer product teams, higher depreciation from our investment in IT systems and higher compensation expense associated with our stronger performance. Turning to our results below operating profit, other income was $1.8 million versus $9.1 million last year. Improved earnings from our share of the Discovery Family Channel, along with higher interest income and investment gains, were more than offset by higher expense related to foreign currency translation. Most of this impact arose in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by a steep decline in the British pound and the steady strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro. On a reported basis, 2015 included a $6.6 million gain from the sale of manufacturing operations. Excluding the gains, 2015 other income was $2.5 million. The underlying 2016 tax rate was 24.5%, down from 26.4% for the full year 2015. The decline in the tax rate reflected higher U.S.-based expenses and a higher mix of international sales. For 2017, our tax rate will be favorably impacted by the new accounting standard governing stock-based compensation. We will outline the impact of this standard on our quarterly tax rates in more detail at Toy Fair next week. Our diluted earnings per share for 2016 were $4.34. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the $0.12 per share goodwill impairment charge, adjusted 2016 EPS was $4.46 per share. We finished 2016 in a very good financial position, including a strong balance sheet with robust cash generation. The $775 million in operating cash flow we generated during 2016 allowed us to continue executing against our capital priorities of investing in Hasbro and returning cash to shareholders. In addition to the 12% quarterly dividend increase, we're currently targeting 2017 share repurchases in line with 2016 levels. These repurchases are subject to market conditions and availability of U.S. cash. Receivables at year-end increased 8%, and days sales outstanding decreased 2 days to 73 days. Our accounts receivable are in good condition, and collections continue to be strong. Inventories at year-end were essentially flat with last year, increasing $3.2 million. As we communicated, we built inventory during the year to meet our anticipated demand and strong revenue growth outlook throughout 2016. To begin 2017, we have good quality inventory in the right brands and geographies. Running a global business you'll always find some challenges with certain brands, retailers or regions, but overall, we feel good about the level and quality of our retail inventories and the strong December consumer takeaway has us well positioned to begin 2017. In closing, 2016's strong performance was driven by a focus on our strategy and tremendous execution across the Hasbro team in building great brands, telling amazing stories, listening to our consumers and executing with excellence, while always investing to position us for future successful years. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Deb, I wonder if you could talk about expectations for the EBIT margin in 2017. I think, 2016 was originally discussed as a year that would limit or the investment spending would limit the margin expansion, but you were able to pick up 90 bps of EBIT margin in 2016. So, where are you in terms of cycling through some of those investments on MAGIC, on the DISNEY PRINCESS license, on the IT system and what does that allow for margin expansion for 2017? And then, for Brian, could you talk about some of the tailwinds and headwinds as we think about brands for top line growth in 2017? Thanks.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Sure, yeah.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Sure. Well, good morning, Drew. Yes, as we said, we just had an exceptional year here at Hasbro. And our results exceeded even our own expectations. And we'd said earlier in the year, we believed that our margins would be flat to slightly up, and they were better than that. They were slightly up including the impact of our non-cash goodwill impairment. Again, that was an accounting charge that we'd indicated we needed to look at potential impairment in the fourth quarter. And just due to some timing we did have one, but it was a non-cash charge. So, absent that, just based on our good performance and solid performance around the world, we were able to increase our operating profit margins faster and more than even our own expectations a bit earlier in the year. As far as 2017 goes, we think as we looked at and continue to make those investments, because again what we always stress is, it's really for the long-term sustainable profitable growth of Hasbro that we will still have some investments, particularly in 2017, on MAGIC: THE GATHERING to get Magic Digital Next up and running and some other investments that we'll continue to make in the business. And some of those other non-cash type charges that we've expended in the past, like depreciation on our IT systems, we'll put a chart up at Toy Fair again on that, but we'd show they do peak up to 2018 and then start to come down after that. So, we'll provide quite a bit more color at Toy Fair as well.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. So, Drew, I think important to note that I'd encourage you to model off of our GAAP operating profit margin. And remember that we've improved the operating profit margin over the last three years consecutively. So, I think the higher operating margin certainly portends good things as we continue to look at ways to expand operating profit faster than revenues growth. And it's a shape of things to come in the future and then model off of the GAAP operating margin. As it comes to, as you look at brands, I think that our new designations in categories are great way to now look at our business, it's much more indicative of the way we look at our business. So, you see great growth for the year, in Gaming, was up 23%, the Games category overall which is about $1.4 billion business for us, was up 9%. Our Emerging Brands were up 17%. Our Franchise Brands were up a couple percent, 2%, and then of course our Partner Brands were up 28%. So, the company had great strength and if you took out Partner Brand growth, the company still grew in a very strong way. So, I think going into 2017, what you see is good retail inventory on several brands that really performed throughout the year and we're setting up for early-year initiatives, including PRINCESS, NERF, STAR WARS, FROZEN, TROLLS. We also saw great growth of these brands online. And as we go into the initiatives for the year, you see, or quarter-by-quarter great initiatives coming from us for our brands and also our partners' brands. I think one of the first initiatives out of the gate is the new live-action Beauty and the Beast movie coming for PRINCESS in March and then we go into three Marvel properties for the year, including something I'm very excited about, the new Spider-Man movie which is incredibly toyetic, and then a Guardians film and Avengers. But brand to brand, strength to strength for 2017. I think the other fun part of the STAR WARS lineup for 2017 is its 40th anniversary, so in addition to focusing on the two movies coming out of last year and then into the new movie, The Last Jedi for December, obviously, it's a wonderful year to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the New Hope. So, again, whether it's NERF or PLAY-DOH or some of our Partner Brands, what we're going to do for TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY around our two feature films, you'll see a real strong lineup as you come into Toy Fair next week.
Drew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Morning.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, Brian, heading into this call, I think expectations were for you to have a different tone in general, maybe not specific to the company, but regarding the industry as a whole. So, clearly, you benefited from strong performance in the quarter, but can you just give us some color as to what you saw in the quarter from an industry perspective? You didn't really talk a lot, in your prepared remarks, about the industry. And I thought the comment, Deb, that you made at the end of your prepared remarks that sales allowances were flat year-over-year was interesting. So, just wondering if you could discuss how you maintain those given the industry challenges. Thanks.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. So, clearly, the industry overall global was up 4.5% for the year and we saw growth through the end of the year. Hasbro was the number one player in December, according to NPD. We saw share growth in most every market in which we participate in and where we have data. We saw great growth in emerging markets, including double-digit growth in China, significant growth in Russia and growth in Brazil, which one of the markets that was down a bit for the year, yet we grew revenues and share in that market. So, overall, I would say the industry saw strong growth. We saw strong share growth in several categories, three major categories of the industry, the way the NPD data looks at it. And we were the number one company across five major categories of product, including dolls, arts and crafts, outdoor sports, games, plush, action figures. So, we see a market that is ripe for story-led brands backed by strong innovation and insights that embrace digital and are executed globally with incredible team work. And that's what we did. And that's what we'll continue to do.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Okay. And then just...
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: So, I guess the answer is, we see growth in the industry. So, I'm not sure exactly what your question...
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: No, that hit it. And then your sales allowances were indeed flat year-over-year, so there was no kind of pressure for you to promote more than normal.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. So, our DSOs are down by 2 days. Our inventory levels year-on-year are up $3 million, or basically flat year-on-year. We didn't experience any kind of extraordinary sales allowances. And we entered the year, I looked at retail inventories knowing that would be an area of discussion, and if you look at the brands that where we have retail inventory that would be an increase versus year ago, you have PRINCESS and FROZEN where we didn't have the brands a year ago. You had STAR WARS where a year ago, we really were out of stock coming out of the movie and now we're set up well for the spring initiatives around Rogue One, around the 40th anniversary and then, of course, head into the new movie in December. We have inventory around NERF. We've had great success across a number of initiatives. And, of course, we have a new initiative coming there in NITRO. And, of course, TROLLS, which performed incredibly well. We had really worked hand-in-glove with DREAMWORKS and now Universal. The brand really resonates in the toy space, as you would imagine it would, and we're very excited about our initiatives coming into 2017.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's good. And then just on STAR WARS, you mentioned, Brian, that STAR WARS declined slightly year-over-year, but that was commentary related to the overall portfolio. Just wondering if you could give us a little color about Rogue One. And what I'm trying to also understand is, how Boys would have done if you adjusted for Force Friday, which was in the quarter this year and not last year? And then also along those lines, what the POS for the quarter would have been on a calendar basis, since the fiscal quarter ended on 12/25/2016. I'm just trying to get apples to apples.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. So, look, overall, I think it's important to note for STAR WARS, our POS in 2016 was up versus 2015, for the brand. And clearly, we tried to indicate quarter-on-quarter, we saw different template in 2016 than 2015 but overall, we believed the brand would perform similar to 2015 and it, in fact, did. Obviously in the fourth quarter, it was below the prior year. If you look at the differences in timing, clearly that plays a bit of a role about STAR WARS in the fourth quarter, but I would tell you if you look at our online business, particularly in the U.S. where we have great data, overall online sales were up three times that of our overall POS. So, our overall POS in the quarter, in the U.S., was up 10%. So, it was better than three times. And online and one of the key areas that was really growing for us online were STAR WARS. And so, we had some great initiatives there, and clearly helped to drive our overall online POS, so STAR WARS was up. So, I think that as we go the forward on Rogue One, I'm sure that there'll be even more engagement in that story as more and more kids catch on to the story. The movie didn't really come until mid-December. And then of course, we have wonderful 40th anniversary product I know our fans and collectors are very excited from all of our social scraping and listening. We really see their excitement around the 40th anniversary. And then we'll segue again into a fall event, and head into The Last Jedi. And so, again, I think we're set up well for STAR WARS this year.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for the help. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC: Yes. Thanks for the question. Two things for you. First, as you look at your quarterly revenue cadence for 2017, I'm sure you'll probably give more data in Toy Fair, but the way Beauty and the Beast is tracking theatrically, is very, very high and the movie is being very well regarded. How do you think that may impact your revenue cadence for the year? And then secondly, as a follow-up to comments you just made about online revenue being up three times versus overall POS, is there any difference between your online margins and sort of your bricks and mortar margins?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. So, let me take the PRINCESS question first. So, remember, a year ago, we were just launching our PRINCESS business. And what we saw throughout the year was great results in PRINCESS and FROZEN. And in fact, we performed at a very high level and our retailers felt very strongly about our product offering, the innovation. We got a lot of really positive consumer takeaway and consumer feedback as well. But one of the other things we saw throughout the year particularly early in the year and then it continued throughout the year was this baseline of POS related to the prior product, the product from the predecessor licensee. And in fact, if you took the full year, it was probably on average between PRINCESS and FROZEN about 25% of overall POS related to product that had been shipped in, in 2015 and in 2016, given their window to ship. So, we clearly see PRINCESS as just the early days. And we've said before that we believe long-term that we can grow the PRINCESS business to be far bigger on average in a given year than it had been in the past and we don't really change our thoughts about that. The team has done a great job in innovative product. I think one of the keys to that as you look at the holiday sales, you get to online and a good segue, one of the key items that sold online was the 11-pack of our PRINCESSES, meaning all 11 PRINCESSES offered as an online pack and it was one of our key items for the holidays. People loved that shimmering doll and that was one of our top sellers. If you look at online overall, we clearly have gone through a learning curve. We continue to go through a learning curve and how you do packaging different, how you create digital assets. And so there have been some initial costs related to that as we build our capabilities as a company in design and development. But I would also tell you overall, there is no long-term difference, or cost of business difference long-term between brick and mortar and online. In the short-term, we've clearly built in those investments into our P&L that's been expressed over the last couple years. But, long-term next, call it, two to four years, we should be in a position where there is, again, the costs are very similar in cost of business. But you've got to work through all the initial startups, frustration-free packaging, digital assets and how you develop a solid pat product. But again, we've been able to accomplish an awful lot and come up the learning curve relatively quickly.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of clarification question. Brian, I think you mentioned to use GAAP operating margins as a starting point for 2017. That's a little bit different than I think how most of us model. So I'm just curious if we should be kind of adjusting out some of the add-backs that you had this year, if you'd like us to use that fully impacted number as a starting point. And then, Deb, just one for you, as we think about the 53rd week, it does fall at a pretty sizable revenue period for you as we end this year. So, can you talk a little bit about the benefit of what you're expecting in 2017 from that additional selling week? Thank you.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. So, overall, if you take the GAAP number we reported, it was 15.7% operating margin, clearly the full year on adjusted is, 16.4%. The point I make is that over the last three years, we've had improving operating profit margin consecutively. And we would expect to continue to improve operating profit margin over time. And I believe that the 16.4% portends the long-term, longer term future of Hasbro, but we need to continue to build a relentlessly repeatable model. We need to be able to execute at that level that would enable us to get there on a sustaining basis. So, therefore, I would encourage you to model based on 15.7%, recognizing that over the last three years we've been able to expand operating margin modestly in each and every year. So, just again, I think everyone at the company is very focused on long-term achieving that kind of 16.4% level on a regular basis, but we also know that that took tremendous performance, and, I think, every factor that could go for us went for us. And again, I think that I'm just trying to give you some help as you think about your modeling.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: And as far as the 53rd week, I mean, what we find is the 53rd week actually comes early for us because our year ended 12/25 in 2016 and it ends 12/31 in 2017, so it really kind of comes at the beginning of the year versus the end of the year for us. So, we'll find while we've got some more expenses, it just generally blends out over the course of the year.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. You have a very big entertainment movie slate for this year. How do you feel how it's spaced and the different cannibalization within different categories? How additive do you think that could actually be to sales this year?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: I think in addition to a great calendar that stretched all 12 months, we've talked about how the old days of summer movies has now become year-round movies that are all can be toyetic and contribute to our business. So, you start in the first quarter with great initiatives like Beauty and the Beast. We have a new Spider-Man that, as I said, I'm particularly excited about. You've got Guardians too (44:49). And wait till you see our dancing GROOT, it's quite a fun product. And then you get into, in the fall in Marvel, Thor, which again, part of the Avengers. And then, of course, we have our own TRANSFORMERS. We have a MY LITTLE PONY movie coming in October. We get into the holidays with STAR WARS, so I think it's really stretched out. The other thing that's interesting is the difference in globality between, let's just take three properties. So, there's a great opportunity. Marvel is one of the more developed Boys action properties with about 55% of revenues or better coming in international markets. Our TRANSFORMERS business is sort of roughly split, but has been growing more internationally over time. And then STAR WARS is a little less internationally oriented, but I think over time, again, as we partner with Disney, we'll grow it to be more global. So, don't just focus on the U.S. marketplace, but rather the global marketplace as we think about how we run these initiatives and brands. And so, I think we partner really well with our studios partners, and again, are working to continue to grow those businesses. And the play patterns, innovation and focus for each of our teams, we have dedicated teams on each of those brands and businesses, enable them to really focus on bringing the best ideas to each of those properties. And we treat all those properties like our properties, because we're a great IP owner and a great partner.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. And, it sounds like the, wherever you had elevated inventory, those were in your stronger brands. So it didn't really impact your sales allowances, but, obviously, your competitors have talked about that impacting their businesses. So, would you expect an uptick in promotion from some of your competitors in Q1? Would that have any impact on your sales or your need to promote products as well?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: We really have looked at where we are with retail inventories. Remember, our inventories at Hasbro are roughly flat to year ago. And if you look at retail inventories and you add up the increments, it's in the brands I outlined earlier, which are all strong brands where we had lesser inventory a year ago for good reason, meaning PRINCESS was just starting, as was FROZEN. STAR WARS, we were really out of stock the year prior, and now we have some in stock to take advantage of the first half of the year. TROLLS is brand new for us. And NERF, of course, has had great success and we have new initiatives. We'd seen discounted product running throughout the year on a brand like PRINCESS in 2016, and yet with our innovation and marketing we continue to perform. We don't see any retail inventories impacting our full-year 2017. So, I would take a longer view, a four-quarter view, to our business. I can't really comment on what others might do promotionally, but we have our plans in place and obviously provide the same level of discounts and allowances to our retailers in this past season than we've provided in past years. There's really been no difference.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Arpiné H. Kocharyan - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Very good shipment and retail growth for the quarter, obviously. Would it be possible to share global point of sale number ex-DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN versus shipment, ex-DISNEY PRINCESS? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. Our business, we would be ahead of the industry growth around the world ex-DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN. So, our overall POS would be better than the industry growth still. And as I mentioned, of course, our business would be up considerably ex-DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN as well.
Arpiné H. Kocharyan - UBS Securities LLC: Great, great. And then I have a quick follow-up, Brian. As you look at the industry today, and your relative outperformance both fundamentally and sort of strength of your stock price, could you perhaps update us on your capital allocation plans and your appetite for a transformational deal? And perhaps if you could remind us for your criteria for M&A. Thanks.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Sure. I'll take part and then, Deb, maybe you'll talk about a piece. Look, we've said that our Brand Blueprint has been our guiding principle and we enacted the Blueprint back in 2008 after having developed global brands focus for the company, and that's been our focus. If you notice, everywhere we've added capability, it's been around the Blueprint, it's been a way for us to execute our brands and storytelling. We're very happy to have Boulder Media on board, our animation studio in Ireland that's going to give us some bandwidth for additional animation. We're very happy to have Backflip Studios. It gives us owned and control mobile gaming creation, in addition to third-party. We always follow a similar path as we look at M&A. First thing we do is, we partner with the best in the business and we learn from them. Second, we develop teams and we embed teams with those partners so that we learn the business and bring that experience in-house. And then we begin to look outside of ourselves for what capabilities we need and size and scale those opportunities relative to the long-term opportunity for the company. So, we remain open to look at new ideas, and we are also very careful to say it has to fit within our model. And our model, of course, is storytelling and digital engagement and brands. And that's our focus.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Right. And I agree. And we say that all the time. I mean, first and foremost, we invest in our business. And if we see something that fits with our strategy, and we haven't deviated off our strategy in many years, that's what we want to look at opportunistically because that's in the best interest of our shareholders for the long-term. So, absent that, we'll return our excess cash to our shareholders, and we do that through dividend. We're really pleased our board announced another dividend increase this year, 12% on per share per quarter, which is just fantastic, and shows that our continued belief in our business is there. And then, subject to available cash, we return cash to our shareholders through share repurchase as well. And for 2017, subject to market conditions, we're still looking at about the same level as 2016 on that.
Arpiné H. Kocharyan - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your questions.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. And congrats to everyone on the great execution.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Thanks, Tim.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you, Tim.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just a couple. Brian, you talked about, in context of modeling for 2017 in response to an earlier question off of the GAAP, as you want to continue to reinvest for sustainability being the key word there. And then you've talked before about how STAR WARS, even in a more major movie year and then in the spinoff year, you'd seen that around $500 million. And then I think there's probably a similar type of context for Marvel. Can you kind of refresh us your thoughts on that for STAR WARS and Marvel? And then along that line, Deb, operating cash flow this year, $775 million. Historically, you said you want that to be over $500 million and then you raised that last year. Can you kind of reset where we should be thinking about that going forward?
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah. So, let me take cash flow first, and then – so I think, we had a really just an exceptional year this year. And we did target, I think, we had $550 million to $600 million was our target in 2016. While we're not at Toy Fair yet, and we'll be talking more about it next week, I would expect that we would take our thoughts around operating cash flow up this year in 2017.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Yeah.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: So, then, Tim, if you talk about operating profit margin, my point is exactly as you've said and I'll repeat, we believe in investing in our business, first and foremost. We have a lot of investments we've made that are paying dividends today, and new investments that we intend to have pay off in the future. Our return on invested capital is quite strong at about 15%, and up versus years prior. So, we really do look at the way we invest in our business to set us up for the future, most notably in MAGIC: THE GATHERING. For example, we have Magic Digital Next, which has been an investment for a number of years and will continue to be a bit of investment this year because, of course, late this year, you'll start to see some of the evidence of what the team has been working on as they begin to put that platform out into the market. So, my broad guidance to you is that last year GAAP we achieved 15.7% operating profit margin. Obviously, overall, we achieved 16.4%. And I think the 16.4% is a beacon for our company. It demonstrates that when we execute with excellence we can achieve much stronger returns, and we can gain leverage off of our efforts. But again, over the last three years, we've improved our operating profit margin and I would encourage us to all look at something like 16.4% as a longer term objective given that we also have, in our mind's eye, the ability to deliver visibility and sustainability to our revenues and earnings. And so, again, we've expanded operating profit margin and the 15.7% is a very good number and it's improved each year over the last three years. And I would expect it to improve in the near term and medium term, and that's was just a way of helping you guys as you think about your model.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And then, Brian, on the sort of the how we should think about year in, year out, a little bit of sort of an average line, so to speak on STAR WARS and Marvel?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Sure. Well, look, this year, you have a similar template that you had in the last two years, where you have the period after a movie in the spring. This year's a bit different and exciting because you have the 40th anniversary, which, as you know, will be a fun celebration among fans and families. And then of course, we get into the movie period in the fall. So, again, I would call it a similar template to prior years. For Marvel, we have three great major initiatives. Obviously, they have a raft of wonderful television that's also supports the brands. Spider-Man, Guardians and Avengers, I'm, as I said, particularly excited about Spider-Man. I think that they've done a fantastic job from everything I've seen in the trailers, in the materials and just how they've really built up this character. And go online and look at the wonderful trailers with Tony Stark. And I think you really get an idea of just how fun the character is and how toyetic this can be. You also have to look at things like TRANSFORMERS, because last year, second half of the year, TRANSFORMERS was up in a significant way. The team's done a great job in a non-movie year in really using other streams of entertainment including streaming content on Machinima, an MCN, to our fans, kids content and robots, rescue bots as well as robots in disguise sort of mainline entertainment to drive that brand with wonderful innovation as well as collector-oriented product. And so, this year, of course, would be a year, a movie year, which will enable us to accelerate that business further and create great product. And then, of course, we're already lining up a wonderful movie around Bumblebee for 2018, and many or our partners have wonderful lineups for 2018. In 2018, in Marvel, for example, you have four great initiatives, including Black Panther, Avengers: Infinity War, Ant Man Versus Wasp, and then, of course a spider-man-animated film toward the end of the year. So, I think we go from strength to strength. I said a couple of years ago, we had entered an unprecedented era of new entertainment, both from Hasbro and our partners. And I believe that we are in the early innings of enjoying that.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerrick Luke Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning. At this point, I've got two quick ones here. Sales allowances, I know you said they're unchanged, but maybe you could tell us what they run as a percent of gross sales in the fourth quarter, and then in 2017, just simply do you expect to grow sales and earnings in 2017? Thank you.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: So, let me take sales allowances. As you know, we record our net revenues, which is in accordance with GAAP, because that's what we actually collect at the end of the day, but our allowances, they tend to be fairly stable across the quarters and the revenues that they represent. So, if you want to know specifically about quarters, you could kind of think of it that way. And, Brian, you want to talk about revenues?
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah, look, we obviously don't provide specific guidance, but I think if what we've laid out is any indication, we feel very good about our year. And we look forward to seeing you at Toy Fair, and describing to you the new initiatives for our business.
Gerrick Luke Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And, Deb, would that be about 8.5%, 9%, 10%? Kind of looking for a ballpark number.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: We don't disclose that.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Yeah, but we report net revenues.
Deborah M. Thomas - Hasbro, Inc.: Right.
Gerrick Luke Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks.
Brian D. Goldner - Hasbro, Inc.: Right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock - Hasbro, Inc.: Thank you, Rob, and thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. And as Brian said, we look forward to seeing many of you in New York on Friday, February 17, for our annual investor update at Toy Fair. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Goldner - CEO Deb Thomas – CFO Debbie Hancock - VP, IR
Analysts: Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Jaime Katz - Morningstar Arpine Kocharyan – UBS Michael Swartz – SunTrust Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup Eric Handler - MKM Partners Tim Conder – Wells Fargo Trevor Young - Jefferies & Co Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator instructions]. Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro’s Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company’s performance and then we will take your questions. Our third quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today’s earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results, or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro team delivered a tremendous third quarter, the highest revenue and earnings quarter in Hasbro’s history. Revenues grew 14% behind innovative products and engaging storytelling, increasing across all major operating segments and geographies. Operating profit increased faster than revenues, up 19% and we continued investing to profitably grow for years to come. Our financial position is strong, and we returned $112 million in cash to shareholders during the quarter.  As we develop Hasbro into a global play and entertainment company, we have built robust brand building capabilities, including storytelling that supports an expansive brand portfolio. Today, we're garnering a greater share of life than ever before by reaching broader demographics, play experiences, and geographies. Our innovation, marketing, and investments are informed by the global consumer insights we are uncovering as we engage with consumers and audiences across touch points and mediums. The investments we have made in our digital expertise enable our global teams to develop immersive brand experiences, which in turn elevate our connection with consumers and fans. This has far reaching implications in how we develop brands, engage with consumers, tell stories, and spend our marketing dollars. Our digital expertise is differentiating our brands. Thus far in 2016, videos Hasbro curated or created, along with user generated content, garnered nearly 5 billion views.  Third quarter revenues grew at a double digit pace in both the US and Canada and international segments. Developed economies, including the US, Canada, UK, France, and Italy, each grew revenues double digits. Emerging markets increased 16% with strong growth in Latin America including Brazil as well as in Asia, including China. The industry also continued to grow, up 6% through August according to industry and company estimates, and Hasbro is gaining share. Importantly, we gained share in emerging markets such as Brazil and Russia as well as developed economies including the US, UK, Spain, Italy and Australia.  Global point of sale increased slightly in the quarter, overcoming difficult entertainment comparisons at retail, including a later set date for Star Wars this year and post movie declines for Jurassic World. Girls and games POS increased, while Boys and Preschool declined. We are seeing strong POS as we start the fourth quarter. In respect to Hasbro’s third quarter revenues, Hasbro franchise brands increased 2%. This growth was lead by Magic The Gathering, Nerf, Transformers, and Play-Doh. Nerf grew for the 15th consecutive quarter, while Play-Doh extended its growth streak to 20 straight quarters. In addition, Transformers and Magic The Gathering revenues increased. Transformers, Robots in Disguise animation, as well as streaming content from Machinima is supporting product lines which have strong initial consumer reaction. Importantly, Transformers has good momentum heading into 2017, which marks the first of 3 years with planned major theatrical entertainment.  We have momentum in our gaming portfolio, with growth in several brands driving the 13% increase in the category. Magic The Gathering, Duel Masters, Pie Face, Simon and Bop-It were among the brands posting positive gains. Despite most of Magic’s revenue not being included in our POS reports, POS for the games category grew. Hasbro's gaming portfolio is unmatched and we are cultivating gaming experiences across a multitude of platforms, including face to face gaming, off the board gaming, and digital gaming experiences, notably in Mobile. One of our newest games, Speak Out, has generated more than 100 million online views. Consumer takeaway has been extremely strong and we are working to catch up to demand. Within our mobile gaming portfolio, Backflip Studios is scheduled to unveil an all-new mobile game, DragonVale World, during the fourth quarter. This marks the first major release for this gaming property since Hasbro took a 70% stake in the studio.  Backflip has also unveiled several new mobile games this year based on Hasbro brands, including Transformers, Earth Wars, and just last week My Little Pony Puzzle Party. The My Little Pony franchise continued to drive brand awareness through the strategic use of entertainment, pop culture events, and consumer products expansion. In a very competitive small doll segment, our holiday items and new launches are beginning to drive POS gains in many markets around the world. In 2017, the My Little Pony movie will bring global audiences to all new worlds, with both the core cast of characters, along with all new characters.  In addition to our franchise brand and gaming portfolio, innovative new offerings at a variety of price points delivered growth for Baby Alive, Furby, and FurReal Friends. Within our partner brands portfolio, revenues increased 19%, driven by positive contributions from Hasbro's shipments of Disney Princess and Disney's Frozen, DreamWorks’ Trolls and Yo-Kai Watch. For the full year, we now expect partner brand revenues to approach 30% of total Hasbro revenue. Hasbro's line of Disney Princess and Disney Frozen is off to a strong start, behind a favorable reception to our core Shemar fashion doll assortment.  Overall, the brands are ahead of our plans for the year, and we recently expanded our offering with new holiday items, as well as new items in support of entertainment for Elena of Avalor and Moana. Star Wars continues to be a top global property with strong consumer and retail support around the world. Rogue One, a Star Wars story product, was on shelves September 30, which was several weeks later than last year's on-shelf date of September the 4th. This shift most notably impacted our US POS results. Our expectation remains that our 2016 Star Wars' revenue may match the level we achieved in 2015.  In addition, Yo-Kai Watch and DreamWorks’ Trolls contributed to our partner brand portfolio gains this quarter. Yo-Kai Watch is now available in global markets, including strong initial performances in several countries. Our DreamWorks Trolls line hit shelves in the third quarter. Working closely with DreamWorks throughout the development of the movie, we have a robust offering of dolls, plush games, and more in support of the global movie premieres over the next several weeks.  In closing, we've made great strides throughout 2016, including the third quarter, which historically is the largest revenue quarter of our year. Hasbro and our retailers are well positioned to deliver on what we expect to be a strong holiday season for Hasbro brands. Our initiatives are resonating with consumers and we have good retailer support. In addition, inventory available at retail and at Hasbro is improved from this time last year. We are very well positioned heading into 2017 when the entertainment lineup from Hasbro and our partners is among the best we have ever experienced.  I'll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. Our third quarter results highlighted the strength of Hasbro’s business, across brands, geographies and our global team. Throughout 2016, we've exceeded our expectations in terms of performance, both on the top and bottom line and we're set for a strong finish to the year. 14% quarterly revenue growth drove a 19% increase in quarterly operating profit. We grew margins while investing in our business, in innovation across our brand portfolio, in storytelling across mediums, in our consumer product global talent and in digital expertise, including projects for Magic The Gathering, and new gaming launches at Backflip Studios.  Over the trailing 12 month period, we generated $637 million in operating cash flow, ending the quarter with $830 million in cash in our balance sheet. As we look to the full year, we have good momentum in our brands, including our new line supporting Disney Princess and Disney’s Frozen. In addition, we're supporting more motion pictures in the fourth quarter than last year. We have the right inventory in the right places, both at retail and in our warehouses to support this momentum.  For the third quarter 2016, we grew revenues in each major operating segment. In the US and Canada segment, revenues increased 16%. Revenue growth in the games and girls categories more than offset declines in the boys in preschool categories. Hasbro franchise brand revenues grew 2% with growth in from Magic The Gathering, Nerf and Transformers.  Partner brand revenues increased 13% in the segment, behind contributions from Hasbro’s line of Disney Princess and Disney's Frozen, DreamWorks Trolls and to a lesser extent Yo-Kai Watch. Additional Hasbro brands, including Baby Alive, Easy Bake, Pie Face and Furby, also contributed to the year over year growth for the segment.  US point of sales declined slightly in the quarter, given difficult comparisons to Jurassic World and a shift in timing for Star Wars on-shelf dates versus last year. POS increased in the mid-teens for the first three quarters, and is positive to start the fourth quarter. Retail inventory continued to be of very good quality and has grown primarily from the addition of new initiatives.  Operating profit in the US and Canada segment increased 22% to $228 million or 24.4% of net revenues. Similar to prior quarters this year, higher revenues drove improved expense leverage. International segment revenues grew 13%, including a negative $3 million impact from foreign exchange. Within the international segment, the boys, girls in preschool categories grew, while the games category was flat. Franchise brand revenues increased 4% with growth in Magic The Gathering, Play-Doh, Nerf and Transformers. Partner brand revenues increased 30%, behind Hasbro’s shipments of Disney's Princess and Disney's Frozen, Yo-Kai Watch and DreamWorks Trolls. Hasbro brands Baby Alive and Pie Face also contributed to the segments strong performance.  Operating profit in the segment increased 17% to $133.1 million, or 19.3% of net revenues. The international segment continued to generate greater expense leverage. Through the first 9 months of the year, currencies negatively impacted revenues by $49.1 million. Based on current economic trends, we anticipate a potential further impact of up to approximately $25 million for the remainder of the year. Despite an improved currency translation outlook from where we began the year, the impact from currency varies by market, and our global teams continue to manage the ongoing economic impact on retailers, and consumers from currency devaluations in several markets around the world.  Entertainment and licensing segment revenues increased 8% behind revenue growth in consumer product licensing and digital gaming. Segment operating profit decreased $2.2 million or 13% to $14.1 million or 25.1% of net revenues. Higher revenues and lower program production amortization were partially offset by investments in building our consumer products team globally and higher expenses at Backflip Studios in support of new gaming launches. Boulder Media revenue and expenses are being recorded in this segment, and were not material in the quarter.  Overall operating profit increased 19% and operating profit margin gained 100 basis points versus last year. Double digit revenue growth drove improved expense leverage for the quarter as well as year to date. For the full year, we anticipate operating margin in line with, or up slightly from last year.  Cost of sales in the third quarter declined slightly as a percentage of sales and continued to benefit from growth in partner brands. This growth in partner brand revenue also led to an increase in royalties, which at 8% of revenues is up 30 basis points year over year. We now expect royalties for the full year to be in the range of our year to date level of 8.1% of revenues and last year's level of 8.5%. Program production cost amortization declined in the quarter, and is running lower in 2016 than last year as we've delivered and are amortizing fewer television programs. Content Development and storytelling remain core to our strategic investments, and we’ve spent $36 million in cash on television and film production over the first 9 months of the year. In addition, during the third quarter we acquired Boulder Media to enhance our animation and storytelling expertise.  SG&A as a percentage of sales was up slightly versus last year. The increase reflected higher spending on digital programs including Magic The Gathering and Backflip.  Compensation expense increased during the quarter, and we anticipate will increase further in the fourth quarter as we true up 2 years of successful performance on long term plans versus measures we set several years ago. Turning to our results below operating profit, other income was $8.5 million versus $5.1 million last year. The improvement resulted from a small foreign currency translation gain this year versus a loss last year. And to a lesser extent, higher interest income and growth in earnings from our share of the Discovery Family Channel.  On a reported basis, the third quarter of 2015 included a $6.8 million gain from the sale of 2 manufacturing facilities. Absent the gain, other expense was $1.7 million last year. The underlying tax rate was 26.1%, down from 27.2% last year and down slightly from 26.4% for the full year 2015. Diluted earnings per share was $2.03 compared to EPS of $1.64 last year.  Our balance sheet remains strong. Strong cash generation enabled us not only to invest in growing Hasbro, but also to return cash to our shareholders. During the third quarter we returned $112.4 million to shareholders, $64 million in dividends, and $48.4 million in share repurchases. We've spent $106 million in share repurchases through the first three quarters of 2016. This is in line with our full year target of our purchasing $100 million to $150 million, which as always is subject to market conditions. Receivables at quarter end increased 5% versus the 14% revenue growth, and DSOs decreased 7 days to 78 days. Our accounts receivable remain in good condition and collections continue to be strong. Inventories increased 36% versus last year. The overall quality of this inventory is good, and our inventory availability has improved from this point last year. More than $100 million of the year over year increase is in Disney Princess and Disney's Frozen, Yo-Kai Watch and Trolls, which are all new lines for Hasbro, and for Pie Face, which is a much bigger business this year than last. We’re also supporting multiple films in the fourth quarter, including Rogue One. The later on-shelf date and our better inventory availability for this line resulted in Hasbro having more inventory on our books at quarter end last year. At year end, we believe we will have the appropriate inventory to support our lines as well as new initiatives occurring early in 2017, including Disney's live action Beauty and the Beast film.  Finally, our retail inventories have grown in support of these successful new initiatives, and growing Hasbro brands. In closing we have the right brand, the right assets, and the right teams to deliver a successful year and we remain committed to taking the right strategic steps to position Hasbro for 2017 and beyond. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your questions. 
Stephanie Wissink: Thanks. Good morning everyone, and congratulations on a very, very well done quarter. So 2 questions. One, just a clarification, Deb on the inventory. I appreciate the $100 million of incremental brands that you didn't have last year, but even excluding that, inventory balance was still up into the teens. So can you maybe explain a little bit of where that inventory is basketed and where we should look for that inventory to progress here over the next kind of 90 to 120 days? And then just secondly, your operating profit in the US or in the North American segment was very, very strong. I'm wondering if that's something that we should look for going forward to continue to be strong, or if there was something unique in the quarter that allowed you to really stretch up into the mid-20s. Thank you. 
Deb Thomas: Why don’t I take the inventory question and then maybe Brian can talk about operating profit in the US. But from an inventory standpoint, our inventory is up. If you recall at the end of the third quarter last year, we were chasing some product and we had only begun to start introducing the -- or building to introduce Pie Face a little bit later in the year. So about half of the increase in our inventory is in, it sits in our international segments where believe it or not, at the end of the quarter, we had an increase because of FX, just the way the rates landed at the end of the quarter versus throughout the whole period. So the remainder of the inventory, the $100 million of increase really was due to new lines. The additional piece is due to being in a better position for some of the things that are doing very well this year, like Nerf and Play-Doh.  In addition we have Star Wars inventory which was, for Rogue One launch, happened at September 30th which was -- Force Friday was September 4th a year ago. So overall this just contributed to having a bit more inventory in place at the end of the quarter, but at a lower percentage increase than I think what we saw at the end of the second quarter. And as we look to year end, we will be in a good position. We do expect inventory to be up, but not by as much at the end of the year as we have some great new launches coming in the first quarter of 2017, including Disney's live action Beauty and the Beast, which happened early in the quarter. So we do expect to see inventories up, but at a lower rate. 
Brian Goldner : On the US business, Steph, we continue to see the team making great progress. They've continued to partner with retailers. We’re seeing a range of brands and growth across our portfolio, growth in gaming and certainly significant growth in girls. In the boys business, year to date continues to perform well obviously in the quarter. Star Wars is down, but year to date, Star Wars is up significantly, so again that's an opportunity as we think about the full year. So the team continues to do a very strong job in marketing and looking at expenses, and working with retailers to ensure they have great inventory that's delivered more just in time and managing a strong P&L. 
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you. Best of luck for the holiday. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please go ahead with your questions. 
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Good morning everyone. So Deb or Brian, I think you've mentioned that you expect partner brands to comprise 30% of revenue for the year, and you noted that Disney Princess and Frozen was outperforming your original expectations. What else is driving that increase? Are there other partner brands that are driving that mix shift or is there a shortfall in one of your franchise brands? That's my first question. Second question is on POS. I think you mentioned that it was up modestly in the third quarter, but you were seeing an uptick at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Are you suggesting that you're seeing an acceleration, and any comment on POS trends for Rogue One albeit we know it’s early in the fourth quarter, but just any comment there. Thank you.
Brian Goldner: So you're right, Drew. We are in fact seeing really strong POS trends entering the fourth quarter, particularly in the US. We saw a little bit of softness in POS in the late summer, July, August period. And then in September given the shift in Star Wars as well as the impact from Jurassic, that impacted our US POS. Internationally, we're seeing very strong POS, up double digits, in Europe, up in Latin America, up year to date in Asia-Pacific. And then in the quarter in Asia Pacific, particularly in Australia, recently we've seen some retail issues with a retailer where there was just less inventory taken, and a little bit less of a sell-through and therefore impacted that HAPM number, the Asia-Pacific number because of Australia. So overall we feel very good about the POS trends year to date, and the POS trends going into fourth quarter, with a little bit of a note in the third quarter due to some of those timing shifts and some of the brands that have come down significantly versus year ago.  As we think about Disney Princess, it’s performing incredibly strongly and it's ahead of our original plan for the year. Our global teams in partnership with Disney are doing an excellent job. And in fact, we're seeing great growth from areas like our Royal Shimmer Fashion Dolls. That’s the all 11 princesses, not even including Anna and Elsa. For the holidays, we have a big presence coming for the Royal Dreams Fashion Doll Castle, so we even give girls great places to play with their dolls. Deb mentioned some of the entertainment, but also note that in 2017 in the first quarter, we'll have the broadcast premiere of Frozen. We’ll have a holiday special next year from Frozen. We also have Elena of Avalor, which is off to a very strong start as a television initiative, and then we're also very excited about the launch of Moana. So all of those elements leading to a very strong princess business, and we've made great strides in making great progress there toward our long term objective of growing that business far beyond where it had been in the past.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning, and thank you. Thanks for all the POS color. I think some people were curious why it wasn’t in the deck, but if you wanted to commented on that, but that's not really a question I have. If you could comment on your POS ex Star Wars and Princess, that would be helpful.
Brian Goldner: Yes. The POS for our business, as I said Star Wars POS internationally in the quarter was very strong. Princess POS is strong, but it's a new initiative. So we have underlying strong POS from a number of categories. Our games business was up in a significant manner. Several girls’ brands beyond Princess and Frozen were up. In fact the girls business would have been up in the third quarter absent Princess and Frozen. So our boys business because of Nerf -- Nerf business is up significantly. Transformers business in the quarter was up. We're really seeing how the addition of fan-oriented content that started this season on Machinima, combined with our core boys entertainment, combined with our preschool boys entertainment, is really driving that brand, and going to take it to the next level and set it up really well for 2017 when we go into our first year of 3 anticipated movies over the next 3 years. So we've got a lot of strength in our portfolio beyond Disney Princess and Frozen and Star Wars.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Helpful, thank you. And then can you just -- you had this shift in Force Friday, and I think it's just, it causes a little bit of modeling confusion. I was just wondering if you could help us understand like for like POS for the Force Friday weeks.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So as I said, POS internationally wasn't as impacted by the shift. The shift is really around a lot of the US, the way the US retailers really went after Force Friday a year ago and this year it was September the 30th. So that was our week 36 last year, which was in our third quarter, and this year it's our week 40 which is in our fourth quarter. So as Deb noted, it means that the inventory for that initiative was on our books at the end of the third quarter wasn't yet really out at retail as significantly it was a year ago. So therefore you didn't have that rate of sell-through in POS. And so you saw that reflected in our third quarter POS, particularly in the US business. Internationally, you didn't see quite the same impact. So overall, I would say a couple of things. First, Star Wars year to date sales, revenues are up significantly through the third quarter. So as we look at the full year, we look at international POS, and the POS we're seeing coming into the fourth quarter now that we have inventory, we again reiterate our belief that 2015 levels could equal 2016 levels for the Star Wars brand. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, and the reason why I ask is mainly that there’s some expectations in the media community for Star Wars box office to be down year over year in a double digit. So despite that, you’re still confident in Star Wars being flat year over year.
Brian Goldner: Look, as I said, we're up significantly year to date. I looked at a lot of data coming into this conversation, and I will tell you that the POS we're seeing around the world is incredibly strong region for region. We saw a bit of a decline in this quarter due to the timing shift between the 2 merchandising dates, but as we come into the fourth quarter, whether it's our preschool Star Wars initiative or our product in support of Rogue One, we are seeing great takeaway. We also see the movie as having wonderful play patterns. Obviously you've seen some of the trailers and you could imagine all the character play and vehicle play that will come and role play that will come as a result of the movie. And as we’ve said, we look at the business year on year, versus quarter for quarter, and that's been consistent throughout the year. So we're incredibly excited about this movie, and then obviously as we get into 2017, we’ll have home entertainment window for this movie and then we go into another trilogy movie in 2017. So again we have very strong expectations for Star Wars, and that will happen over time as well. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. And then just Deb some housekeeping, just can you -- FX impact on the fourth quarter, how should we think about that?
Deb Thomas : We have about $50 million of FX for the year, year to date through the end of the third quarter, and we said we could have up to about $25 million more for the rest of the year, and really which is not very different from what we said at the end of the second quarter. And really what we're seeing is it's primarily with the UK pound and seeing what happens with the pound over the last few months of the year. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jamie Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your questions. 
Jaime Katz: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I think you mentioned that retail inventories were also up as well as in-house inventories dues to new initiatives. And I'm curious what you guys might be doing differently this year versus last year to facilitate those brick and mortar sales. 
Brian Goldner: Well, if you look a year ago, I think we forget quickly that a year ago in the third quarter we talked a lot about chasing inventory and that we're trying to catch up given the September 4th launch. So this year we've done a better job across the company and particularly in our US business to ensure we had inventories of great initiatives that we're selling at a high rate. So our retail inventories are up, but up around the brands that are selling quite well, and so we're in support of those. Our percent in stocks have improved year on year. That’s something that we care about. We want to make our shelf spaces productive as possible in partnership with our retailers, but equally importantly we are seeing significant increases in online sales.  And those online sales are several fold higher than our overall sales, and we're also seeing online sales increases across every one of our categories, and this is US data. Whether it's boys, girls, pre-school or games, we're seeing significant online sales increases. So where we are able to provide our product lines and our brands directly to the consumer via our retail partners online, we are seeing great takeaway and our brands are really resonating. So that also for us is a great bellwether for how consumers are responding to our products and brands. 
Jaime Katz: And then can you guys talk about general trends you're seeing in Europe? I think performance had been pretty lumpy there prior to this year, but the last few quarters have done pretty well. Is there any general trend that you guys are seeing that is making that happen, or a particular segment category that is resonating better with those consumers? Thanks. 
Brian Goldner: We're really seeing overall our European business, it comes first down to great leadership across companies and our countries. Our team is leading quite well. This past quarter we were in the UK with our Northern European team and down in Spain with Southern European team and Russian teams getting to meet a lot of our management teams. They are doing a fantastic job in executing our brand blueprint to a greater extent. We're going to market as one voice, meaning consumer products licensing hand in hand with our toys and games business. We're doing a better job in placing our content around the continent and getting our content played with major broadcasters. We have around the world, so this includes Europe as well as other global players, more than 50 SVOD platforms that are now playing our content. So again, I think that we are just executing the brand blueprint. I said in 2015 I thought it was the first year you could really see the brand blueprint come to life and the European team, along with teams around the world, are really executing the blueprint for the second year in a highly evident way. 
Jaime Katz: Thank you so much. Nice quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please proceed with your questions. 
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, thank you very much for taking my question. Brian, you gave some helpful color on POS earlier. You mentioned Q4 so far is up. Could you perhaps give some more color the actual trajectory, how much it is up because that period will include Star Wars and we know there was a merchandising date shift of course in Q3? And then in terms of Disney Princess, do you have any color at all on POS in the US like for like for that brand in Q3? In other words, I know you didn't make the dolls last year, but in terms of industry wide, where that brand is trending year over year in Q3 and heading into Q4. And then I have an operating margin question. 
Brian Goldner: Sure. So if you divide up Disney Princess into two pieces, the princess business is up like for like year on year. If you look at the mix, it's a bit more mixed toward lower priced product and that has to do with the fact that there are some lower price SKUs from prior product inventory that are still selling through in the third quarter. So overall, we're seeing growth in our business and we're seeing like for like stronger takeaway for our products, but we're also seeing a stronger takeaway into the third quarter for lower priced products that will be eliminated over the next quarter or two. We're seeing great takeaway in the fashion dolls offering all 11 fashion dolls. We're seeing great early takeaway from Elena of Avalor, so again overall Princess and Frozen performing well. And Frozen, what's great is that the brand is performing for us at quite a strong level and Frozen has even more of an international footprint than the Princess business on a percentage basis. So more countries around the world are really focusing in on Frozen with great results globally, and you see that indicated in some of our POS data. Frozen is tending to be slightly more internationally oriented on percentage terms. Obviously we're benefiting from a great campaign that's begun this fall called Dream Big Princess in partnership with the Disney Company. And of course we're very much looking forward to all of the new entertainment coming next year. The broadcast debut of Frozen, the Frozen Holiday Special, first quarter seeing a Beauty and the Beast live action movie, Elena of Avalor on television and of course Moana coming in the next few weeks. 
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you. Very helpful. And then I had a quick follow up on full year guidance for operating margins. Seems like in-line is slightly up. Could you just talk about what that implies for Q4? Seems like that would imply Q4 would be a little bit softer than a year to date.
Deb Thomas: What we really do think of in terms of the full year when we think about our business. We mentioned some of the things that we expected would be impacting us in the fourth quarter. Our results are running better than we had planned. Certainly we planned our business a few years back, so we've got some compensation expense that's in addition, and we continue investing for the future of the business. That impacts the year pretty ratably as we spend for things like our new Backflip game launches and our Magic The Gathering digital next platform, our online platform for Magic as well. So we'll see some things continuing in to the fourth quarter from what we've seen to date. 
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mike Swartz with SunTrust. Please proceed with your questions. 
Michael Swartz: Hey, good morning everyone. Just wanted to touch on the boys business, and parse through some of the moving parts of the different properties there, Brian. I think in the past you said Jurassic Park was about $100 million headwind to this year. I think in a past conference call, you also said Transformers was kind of down, or off 20%. Can you can clarify that, and then maybe just give us a view of what some of the others are doing. Star Wars is up, but Marvel, how should we think about that this year?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So if you look at boys business in the quarter, the biggest decline both for boys and for our company in the quarter was Jurassic. That’s the impact that it had. In the quarter, Marvel is up a bit in the boy’s business. Our action figure business is performing at quite a high level. We had -- it was a strong contributor to the quarter. We had a great partnership on a superhero spectacular retail program with Disney and with Marvel. Our Marvel Legends business is performing quite well. Spider-Man is also performing quite strongly, which is a great lead into next year's movie. And so that's what we're seeing. We also have got a lot of fan-oriented product. It's one of the brands that’s responding the most to our fan orientation and fanning the flames of our fans and providing product to them that they really like and offering that online, and you'll see some products for fans around Doctor Strange.  As you go forward, Nerf is growing dramatically for both quarter as well as year to date. Star Wars as I said year to date is up significantly, down in the quarter. Transformers is up. As I noted, Transformers is up pretty substantially in the quarter, and it has to do with the fact that we continue to improve the blueprint and add element to the blueprint this quarter with the Machinima content running the Combiner Wars, and that product performing at quite a strong level. So Transformers business is doing well. We also add to that, the Backflip Studios Transformers Earth Wars, which is all around Combiner Wars. So again, executing that blueprint. We even had fan created product in the quarter, which is a combiner called Victorion created by fans. We’re allowing fan to curate along with the content that we're streaming. So 3 types of content, and it's a strong lead in to our 2017 plans for Transformers.  In addition, I forgot to mention, but in Marvel, we have very strong plans leading to next year in 2017 obviously with Guardians of the Galaxy, with the Spider-Man movie, and a Thor movie. So we're in a good position on the Marvel boys business overall. And then of course a new initiative that's working to particularly well in early days internationally is Yo-Kai Watch. We've just started the launch in international markets, and we're seeing some great takeaway there. So overall that’s kind of our boys’ line up. And as I said, on Star Wars to repeat, we do expect that Star Wars could equal Star Wars levels of 2015 across the company.
Michael Swartz: That's very helpful and then just to maybe continue on the Transformers commentary, just kind of the blueprint that you've been laying, I mean the old rule of thumb was, in the year after a movie, that property would fall about 50%. Is there a new kind of way to look at that going forward with the next iteration in Transformers coming next year?
Brian Goldner: I think we're really entering a new era, and it's really an objective that we have across the company as we expand our blueprint and go to the next iteration of our blueprint for our company. You're going to see in 2017 2 Hasbro films, so certainly Transformers. You’re also going to see a My Little Pony animated feature in the fall. The opportunity in Transformers is to take the storytelling into movies for multiple years, and you'll see that in ‘17, ‘18, and ‘19, with different kinds of stories being told. So not every movie will be the same, but every movie continues to add to the character and story of the property. When we first started, our objective was always to build the brand enterprise value through the blueprint.  And so this is the next logical step. I took a step back as we came into the third quarter call just to give a perspective on our franchise brands and brands like Transformers. So I looked at franchise brands as we were sitting here at the end of the third quarter in 2013, and take it today, year to date versus year to date ‘13 versus ‘16, our franchise brands are up 33%. And that's the view we take to our business, is that longer view of building brands over time, adding elements to our blueprint, adding capabilities, and taking our brands over time to the next level. So that's indicative of the way that we think about franchise brands. So Transformers steps up. My Little Pony steps up for next year and then in the next couple of years, you'll also see the Littlest Pet Shop stepping up to more content in a number of ways. 
Michael Swartz: Okay, great. And then shifting over to Deb. Just in terms of amortization for the year, the outlook there for both I guess the intangible piece as well as the production cost piece.
Deb Thomas: The intangible is consistent with what we put out at the beginning of the year. And as far as program production amortization, we do expect -- and it's purely because of timing. We haven't delivered as many programs as we had planned to this year. So I think we had been saying it’ll be about 1% of revenue. We now expect it'll be a bit less than that for the full year. However we still expect to spend on a cash spend basis about $60 million full year. 
Michael Swartz: Okay, that's great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Pleas proceed with your questions.
Greg Badishkanian: Thank you. Just as we think about 2017 entertainment, there seems to be a lot of entertainment next year. How are you thinking about that overall expanding category sales as it has done in the past versus cannibalizing sales because maybe some of the entertainment gets lost? And also just how you feel about your entertainment in 2017 and then putting into perspective what you have in 2016. 
Brian Goldner : Yes. So overall in 2017, we are incredibly excited about the lineup. I think over time what we've seen is that entertainment is stretching the retail calendar, both online and at brick and mortar globally. With more entertainment initiatives occurring, but spreading the calendar to be now from the first quarter through the fourth quarter, versus the older thinking of just looking at summer movies. And that’s quite good for our business and good for the way we think about executing our blueprint. In the first quarter, we have new initiatives coming from Disney and Beauty and the Beast live action. There’s a Wolverine movie coming that helps to continue to support the X-Men business.  And then Guardians of the Galaxy, a Transformers movie both coming in the summer, but spaced. A Spider-Man movie coming, which is very exciting. That's a great brand for us and we're looking forward to really executing that across multiple platforms. My Little Pony comes in fall in October and then you have Thor of course, then you have Episode Eight, sorry, Star Wars Episode Eight in December. So a great spread of entertainment and then combine that with our television efforts across multiple platforms and then the Walt Disney Company with its television efforts across Spider-Man, Avengers and Guardians. We have a very robust lineup for 2017 that we're very excited about both from Hasbro having two animated films and multiple TV series as well as our partners. And I think we are well positioned coming into 2017.
Greg Badishkanian: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Handler: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Deb, a follow up question for you on the operating margin outlook for the year and some questions or some statements you made about compensation expense being higher, the Magic The Gathering digital platform. So as we look at some of the additional line items that make up the expense lines, are we going to need to see then a big increase as a percentage of revenue, the SG&A line relative to where it was last year in the fourth quarter, same thing with gross margin or maybe product development?
Deb Thomas: Again we've talked earlier in the year and really haven't changed our thought process around product development or gross margin as far as being able to sustain the levels that we experienced again on a full year. So we do try to stress, we think about the business on a full year basis. Royalties, we did say we expected to be up a bit given the performance of our partner brands, the strong performance over our expectations. So we'll see that line item go up and we continue to just invest in product development to the levels that that we had talked about earlier in the year. As far as advertising, we do have consistent advertising expectations for the full year. So I think it's just a matter of the additional expense that we see kind of over and above what you would normally see in the quarter. And that's what we tried to explain this quarter as well. 
Eric Handler: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your questions.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Brian or Deb, whoever wants to take this, just want to get a little more color on the strength you're seeing in Brazil. And then China also, a little bit more color there. And then if we take that, can you give us any color how China in particular, your mix of brick and mortar versus online and then after we hit those geographic areas, the other part would go back to inventories. Where do you see turns stabilizing here and when? And as we see the online portion grow, how is that going to factor in on a go forward basis there?
Brian Goldner: If you look at the emerging market business overall, it grew 16% in the quarter. We saw a very strong growth in Russia. We saw strong growth in Brazil. Although the market was a little more flattish in Brazil, and we saw strong growth in China. The impact in Asia- Pacific POS as I noted was really an Australian issue with a retailer that we're working through, but our market share in Australia has also grown despite that short-term issue. In China, we're seeing very strong double digit growth. The teams are really executing around the blueprint. If you go to stores in China, what you see is our brands coming to life between consumer products as well as our toys and games, our entertainment on the air there, as well obviously our movies are incredibly important. And Transformers, as you know, is one of the most well-known brands in China and beloved. And it's an area for us of a significant opportunity for long-term growth between that and several of our other brands that we've launched across franchise and partner brands.  In Brazil, we've seen great growth. In fact, in Brazil we enjoy the position of number one doll line right now with Baby Alive. It's a category where the baby doll business particularly is particularly strong. We've seen overall global growth for Baby Alive, but Brazil is particularly a baby doll market. And if you think about turns of inventory, clearly underlying turns of inventory in our business is growing. When you add new initiatives, you need to provide inventory to satisfy the demand for those new initiatives and not cannibalize those to the rest of your business, because these are additive opportunities, and we're seeing great acceleration in POS for those new initiatives, be it Disney Princess or Frozen, and then the next several weeks, we'll see Trolls movie hit theaters around the world, and of course we’re lining up for the Trolls business across a multitude of categories and segments, and very excited about that.  Yo-Kai Watch as I noted was some additional inventory. That is already paying dividends in that -- the takeaway particularly in some international markets where we have great TV placement is doing quite well. So our turns of inventory and our management of inventory continues to improve. We continue to get leverage in our business over time, and make improvements in operating margins over time as a company, and that's our objective over time, is to grow operating profit faster than revenues, and we've done that in the quarter, and we intend to continue to do that. 
Tim Conder: Okay, and then any comments on your expectations for Furby and how that's going to ramp?
Brian Goldner: Furby is in the early days, but early days are good. It’s a very sophisticated product in that it provides content through Bluetooth. It's a closed environment, so we've taken care of all the security and safety measures that are noted. It's not a 2 way device. It’s a one way device that brings out new content to the fan and to the user. And early days are quite good. Takeaway is good and both retail and online sales are strong. 
Tim Conder: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Trevor Young with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Trevor Young: Hi, Thanks for taking my question. I believe you said partner brands should approach 30% of revenue versus about 28% last year. Even with your revised royalty guidance, it would imply that 4Q royalty would be down year-over-year, despite potentially supporting more movie franchises in 4Q. Could you maybe help me understand some of the moving pieces there? 
Deb Thomas: It's really about product mix so depending on how you model our franchise and our own brands versus partner brands, that's really all about the mix.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, if you look in the quarter, royalties are running 8% up against 7.7% last year. All Deb had noted was that we could be 8.1 or a bit for the full year up against a year ago number of 8.5. So again, I think we're in that range. We’re ranging it for you, and again, it does have to do a lot with product mix and certainly we've seen growth of our business in other areas, but trying to give you a broad sense of what we think.
Trevor Young: Okay, great. And just kind of following on that then, as partner brands increase as a percentage of revenue, should we see continued slight benefit to gross margin? I know you said sticking with your guidance of roughly in line with last year. 
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So again, we're not suggesting that partners’ brands are going to continue to grow over time beyond the range that they're in. I think they're up a bit versus what we'd said earlier. We thought they might come in around 25% over time. And over time I would believe around 25%, 27% is about right. They’re a bit heavier in this year given the number of new initiatives we're launching for the first time, particularly Princess and Frozen. And obviously that has an impact in the early days on operating margin given that we are building our economy of scale and expertise and investment in that area and that we do believe over time the operating margin for Princess approaches the run rate operating margin for our partner brands. We’ve made great progress there. We’re ahead of where we thought we'd be this time in the year, but we still have a long way to go toward the opportunity to grow that business over time. 
Trevor Young: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO. Please proceed with your questions. 
Gerrick Johnson: Good morning. You did mention performance of Challenger brands. Perhaps a word there. Then related to that, I also understand you may be throwing off some of these brands. Can you talk about that strategy? Thank you. 
Brian Goldner: Sure. In fact I think we mentioned that several of our Challenger brands were up in the quarter. Baby Alive was up. Easy-Bake was up in the quarter. FurReal Friends was up in the quarter and those brands were all up as well year to date. So our teams who are working on our Challenger brands are doing quite a good job in identifying and creating lighthouse identities. As we normally would say, we don't really comment on M&A overall. We continue to look at our brand portfolio. We own about 1,500 brand names and we look at brands that have the greatest global potential enterprise value. And over time, we may identify brands as we have that are licensed out to other parties. For example Tonka is licensed out to another party and we receive royalty income, but we're not receiving revenues. So over time, the team may look at different strategic optionality for some of those brands. 
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, thank you. And also Beyblade I guess launched in Canada, could be here next year. Do you have any early reads on performance of Beyblade there at this point?
Brian Goldner: It's incredibly early days, but we have been in the Beyblade business before and so I wouldn't want to comment. Not because there's any qualification that I need to provide there. Just again, very early days and that's a brand that as you know has great potential for us, but it will really impact 2017 and beyond. 
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Brian Goldner: Thanks. 
Operator: At this time I’ll turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks. 
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob and thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management’s prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our fourth quarter and year end an earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Monday, February 6, 2017. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - VP, IR Brian Goldner - Chairman, President and CEO Deb Thomas - CFO
Analysts: Arpine Kocharyan - UBS Eric Handler - MKM Partners Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray Jaime Katz - Morningstar Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Drew Crum - Stifel
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time all parties will be in a listen-only mode. The question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference please press star zero on your telephone keypad. Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning everyone, joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro’s Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company’s performance and then we will take your questions. Our second quarter earnings release was issued this morning, and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today’s earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or other events to differ materially from the anticipated results, or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you. Debbie. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Through the execution of our brand blueprint, the Hasbro team is building brands across toy and games, digital gaming, storytelling, entertainment and consumer products. These efforts support our mission of creating the world’s best play experiences, and are delivering growth in our business. Second quarter revenues increased 10% and operating profit grew 12%. Each major segment grew revenues and operating profit. All four product categories increased revenues. Consumer takeaway continued to grow, and we are making investments to enhance our talent and capabilities around the brand blueprint. Last week we significantly enhanced our animation capabilities with the acquisition of Boulder Media. Boulder is a leading animation studio based in Dublin, Ireland. This 150 person-team is creating award-winning content for networks around the world. We are very excited to Boulder join Hasbro, as we build a world-class team in storytelling and content-creation. The acquisition is not expected to have material impact on our 2016 financial results, but strategically it reflects our mindset of investing in capabilities around the brand blueprint. Hasbro franchise brands increased 3% overall, or 5% absent FX, with double-digit growth from both NERF and PLAY-DOH. Revenues from our partner’s brands increased 15%, led by STAR WARS and the addition of DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY’S FROZEN. These brands and future launches, including the introduction of Furby Connect, Dreamworks Trolls, and products supporting the December release of Lucasfilm’s ROGUE 1, A STAR WARS Story, position us well heading into the fall and holiday season. For the quarter we grew across geographies, with 11% net revenue gains in both the U.S. and Canada segment and the international segment. Emerging market revenues increased 5% as reported, and 13% absented FX. Europe grew 23% in the quarter, including a 25% or greater increase from the U.K., France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Russia. While the UK BREXIT vote has created some near-term uncertainty, and negatively impacted its currency, we have positive momentum in both the U.K. and in Europe heading into the second half of the year. To date, we have not seen a negative impact on our business. Overall, global point of sale increased 6% in the quarter, with growth in the girls, boys, and games categories. For the first 6 months of the year, POS is up 17%. According to industry and Hasbro estimates, with data available through May, we continued to gain share in nearly every available market. In total, we increased our share by approximately 1.2 percentage points. Our portfolio is well-positioned for the remainder of 2016 and future years. NERF and PLAY-DOH have continued to deliver strong growth. Several other Hasbro brands contributed to the gains, including Baby Alive, FurReal Friends, and Easy Bake, as well as several games brands, including Pie Face, YAHTZEE and Bop-It. MY LITTLE PONY declined slightly in the quarter, as we transition elements of our toy line. Over the past five years, content and innovation has propelled this brand, in both games and toys and consumer products. MY LITTLE PONY: Friendship is Magic season 6 is currently airing around the world, and our fall product line features the core cast inspired by the locations they visit. MY LITTLE PONY Equestria Girls mini dolls have performed very well, exceeding our expectations and are helping offset difficult comparisons to a year ago. This leads us to next year, when October 6, 2017, MY LITTLE PONY the movie will hit theaters with an all-star cast and global distribution from Lionsgate. The film introduces new characters, new worlds, and new play experiences for the MY LITTLE PONY fan. TRANSFORMERS is also driving a significant business, supported by both television animation and theatrical films. The second season of TRANSFORMERS: Robots in Disguise is airing on Cartoon Network in the U.S., and on networks around the world. TRANSFORMERS’ story is further being developed by an all-new digital streaming series and partnership with Machinima, kicking off in August, and aligned to when our toys and consumer products become available. TRANSFORMERS revenue is down versus last year, but we have a rich content and product line for the year, and clearly a strong entertainment calendar and immersive stories and characters moving forward. TRANSFORMERS The Last Knight is slated for release by Paramount on June 23rd 2017, with two additional TRANSFORMERS films planned for 2018 and 2019. In addition, TRANSFORMERS Earth Wars, the first major Hasbro-branded game from Backflip Studios, was released on June 2nd. With over 3 million downloads in the first month, it quickly rose into the top 100 grossing games in the U.S. Through investment in our in-house capabilities and expansive industry-leading partnerships with the best gaming companies across platforms, Hasbro’s digital gaming presence continues to grow. With millions of daily active users, consumer spending on Hasbro-branded mobile games increased over 80% in the first half of 2016, versus the first half of last year. One example of strong year-over-year growth is our YAHTZEE with Buddies social dice game from Scopely. Our face-to-face gaming business had a very good quarter, behind several brands and play patterns. Pie Face remains a top selling game in many markets, and point of sale is very strong. Pie Face Showdown, which brings the Pie Face gameplay to a whole new level, will be at select retailers in August, and will be widely available in Q4. In addition, as we deliver gaming for all platforms, Pie Face is being developed as a standalone mobile game for play on Apple and Android devices, and for living room play on Apple TV. By responding quickly and bringing games to market in only a few months, we are capturing the excitement created by social media in our face-to-face gaming business. Hasbro’s newest game, identified through our social listening expertise, is Speak Out. Available this fall, the game captures the excitement around mouthpiece challenge videos. In addition, on July 22nd, MAGIC: THE GATHERING will launch Eldritch Moon, the second set within the Shadows of Innistrad. Shadows is off to a strong start, as global prerelease event attendance matched our previous record, and our launch weekend event had the highest global participation ever. Magic revenues grew in the international segment in the second quarter, with strong metrics in all regions. However, planned set release timing shifted this year and created uneven comparisons versus the first half of last year. Despite the shift, we expect 2016 to be the eighth straight year of revenue growth for MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Its popularity remains unmatched within the strategic trading card genre and we are successfully expanding global engagement and advancing the game into new formats including E-Sports and digital.. Within Partner Brands, STAR WARS and DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY’S FROZEN represented the largest increases in the quarter. STAR WARS demand remains very strong. During the third quarter we will begin shipping product in support of the December release of ROGUE 1. However, the third quarter last year marked the initial shipments for new STAR WARS products. DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN lines are selling very well, both in fashion dolls and the small doll line. We also have plans to launch two new properties this year, Elena of Avalor later this summer to support the new Disney animated series and Moana in the fourth quarter tied to the theatrical release. The transition to our DISNEY PRINCESS dolls product has been smooth overall and we look forward to a second half of the year as retailers should have transitioned out of previous inventory. This year we have several other great brands we are supporting including Yo-Kai Watch, which has been rolling out in markets globally and the upcoming Dream Works release of TROLLS. Our TROLLS product will begin to hit retail in August ahead of the November 4 premier. We have tremendous partnerships with great IP owners. We approach each of these brands as if they were our own, committing to them the best talent, resources and innovative ideas in the industry. Looking ahead, we have positive momentum and a powerful line of brands and play experiences for the remainder of 2016 and clear line of sight to growth in future years. We have made tremendous progress in advancing our strategic capabilities to execute brands around the blueprint, but continue to prioritize the further development of our skill set and our culture toward creating the world’s best play experiences. Deb will speak in detail about our financial results, but we are very pleased with the strength of the first half of the year and remain focused on growing both revenues and profitability to enhance shareholder value over the long term. I’ll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. The Hasbro team continued to drive strong results for the second quarter, including double-digit revenue growth and margin expansion. We expanded our storytelling capabilities through our investment in Boulder Media and our balance sheet remains strong. We returned $179 million in cash to shareholders this year and remain committed to investing in our business, returning excess cash, and maintaining our investment-grade rating. For the second quarter 2016, revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 11%. The boys, girls, and games categories posted revenue growth, more than offsetting a decline in the preschool category. Hasbro franchise brand revenues are flat. NERF, MONOPOLY and PLAY-DOH increases were primarily offset by a decline in TRANSFORMERS. Partner Brand revenues were up in the segment. U.S. point of sale increased in the high single digits for the quarter and more than 20% in the first half of the year. Retail inventory continued to be of very good quality. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 23% to $58 million, or 13.6% of net revenues, reflecting higher sales only partially offset by higher expense levels as leverage improved in the quarter. International segment revenues grew 11%. Excluding the negative $17 million impact from foreign exchange, international segment revenues increased 15%. The boys, girls, and preschool categories posted growth in the quarter, while the games category was down slightly. Franchise brand revenues increased with growth in PLAY-DOH, NERF, MY LITTLE PONY and MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Partner brand revenues also grew in the quarter. Operating profit in the segment increased 17% to $29.7 million, or 7.4% of net revenues. Similar to the U.S. and Canada segment, operating profit improved on higher revenues, which were only partially offset by increased expenses year-over-year. Through the first six months of the year, currency has negatively impacted revenues by $46.3 million. Given the current global economic environment, we anticipate additional negative foreign exchange impact for the second half of the year. However, we now expect it will be slightly below the $100 million we initially projected for the full year. We continue to believe approximately 15% to 20% of that impact will also affect operating profit. Entertainment and licensing segment revenues increased 9% with gains in consumer product licensing and digital gaming revenues. Segment operating profit increased 86% to $13.8 million, or 26.6% of revenues. Higher revenues coupled with lower intangible amortization and lower program production amortization drove the increase, despite higher expenses associated with digital gaming launches from Backlit Studios. Overall, operating profit increased 12% and operating profit margin gained 20 basis points versus last year. The revenue increase from entertainment and licenses, franchise brands, and Partner Brands delivered a favorable product mix, which drove cost of sales to revenue down 40 basis points versus last year. Royalties increased to 7.9% of revenues, associated with continued strong growth in partner brands. In product development we continue to invest at a higher level to drive innovative play and grow our brands. We also continue supporting our efforts with multi-faceted advertising campaigns. Intangible amortization declined, reflecting some of our digital gaming assets becoming fully amortized at the end of the second quarter of last year. Program production cost amortization was also down in the quarter. We continue to invest in both television and film context, but this quarter we’re amortizing fewer television programs than last year at this time. SG&A increased 12% in the quarter, primarily due to investments in brands, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING, marketing, and higher compensation expense. Through the first half of the year, operating profit margin has improved to 10% from 8.6% last year. This gain is being driven by the strength of our brands, solid execution from our global teams, and continuous strategic investment to drive growth over the long term. Turning to our results below operating profit for the quarter, other income was $6.1 million versus $2.3 million last year and reflected increase investment gains. The underlying tax rate was 26.1%, down from 27.1% last year and down slightly from 26.4% for the full year, 2015. Diluted earnings per share were $0.41, compared to $0.33 last year. Our balance sheet remains strong. Cash totaled $924 million at quarter end. We generated $585 million in cash over the past 12 months. During the second quarter we returned $85.8 million to shareholders, $63.9 million in dividends, and $21.9 million in share repurchases. Receivables at quarter end were down slightly and DSO’s increased eight eights to 72 days. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, receivables increased approximately 3% versus the 12% revenue growth absent FX. The decline in DSOs was driven by the timing of revenue and collections in the quarter, as well as the bad debt provision we took in the first quarter. Overall, our accounts receivable remain in good condition, and collections continue to be strong. Inventories increased 42% versus last year. Adjusting for a negative foreign exchange impact, inventory increased 48%. Approximately 80% of the year-over-year increases in brands which are knew to our portfolio or delivering high growth, including DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY’S FROZEN, STAR WARS, NERF, PLAY-DOH and Yo-Kai Watch. The quality of our inventory is high, both at Hasbro and at retail, as we’re supporting new initiatives in addition to our planned growth. We enter the second half of the year in a very strong financial and market position. We have compelling brand initiatives and remain focused on delivering a very successful year. This strength of our business not only reflects the results of the investments we’ve made in our blueprint and teams, but more importantly allows us to continue on our path of strategically investing in our brands and capabilities to further drive long-term profitable growth for Hasbro and our shareholders. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we’ll be conducting the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions.) One moment, please, while we poll for questions. Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Arpine Kocharyan: Hi, good morning, thank you. I have a bigger-picture question, but to just get this one out of the way, could you perhaps break down the $6 million of other income? Were there in FX one-time gains? I know that earnings from joint venture are going to that line, but if you could just break down, because it was about $0.04 in EPS in the quarter. And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Sure, this is Deb, good morning, Arpine. The other income and experience line item includes lots of different things. There’s no one-time FX gains in there. As a matter of fact, our impact from FX losses are fairly similar to what they were last quarter, in what we talked about versus last year, where currency is not quite moving in the same direction. We did have a gain from the sale of an investment in that line item and that was pretty much the only unusual thing that happened in the quarter.
Arpine Kocharyan: Okay. Helpful. And then, Brian, you are probably at peak production currently. Could you perhaps talk about the visibility you have on the second half of this year in terms how your largest customers are thinking about the toy category? And then I noticed, and thank you for that color, you broke down the inventory increase as a percentage of sales. It was highest over the past ten-plus years in terms of inventory and balance sheet as a percentage of sales. Maybe you could give a little bit of color on that.
Brian Goldner: Sure. If you look around the world, the industry is growing at quite a good rate. In most markets around the world it’s growing from mid to high single digits. In a few markets it’s growing as high as double digits, including Spain, Italy, Russia, and Mexico. Our business continues to grow around the world. We’ve gained market share in 10 of the 11 markets that we measure and have measurement in the quarter, and very strong market share gains. We’re also obviously seeing overall revenues growth above market growth strong double-digit growth for the company. And as we look out to the second half of the year, we have great momentum in our business, great POS momentum as well as momentum across both franchise and Partner Brands. Our retailers have clearly made plans that involve many of our brands. In fact, if you look at just the quarter and look at revenue contributors to the quarter, seven of the top ten revenue contributors in the quarter were Hasbro brands and the remainder were our Partner Brands, so a great balanced portfolio of our owned and operated brands plus our Partner Brands. And both NERF and PLAY-DOH were the top two brands in terms of overall revenues. So you’re clearly seeing a number of strength in our product portfolio. They are in categories of business within the NPD categories that are also growing double digits, including action figures, dolls. Arts and Crafts is down a bit, but our business is up. And then outdoor sports and games. So, again, I say good visibility not only to the rest of the year, but as we go into 2017 and 2018 we have as good of visibility as we have ever had for multi-year plans for growth.
Arpine Kocharyan: That’s helpful. Thank you. Everyone is focused on STAR WARS, and I know you mentioned seven of your ten top brands are franchise brands. It seems like franchise brands came in around 3% for the quarter, partner brands grew five times that rate. As you look out for the full year, do you still expect franchise brands to grow at a higher rate versus partner brands?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so I’m not going to guide on growth rates, one versus the other, but the one thing that did impact our franchise brands in the quarter was certainly TRANSFORMERS, and that is because a year ago, we were still selling plenty of TRANSFORMERS movie-related product, because we were coming off of movie four the prior summer, and the carryover was quite strong. Reassuringly, if you look at the product line that’s associated with our television series Robots in Disguise in the quarter it was up significantly, but overall the brand was down, and that had an impact on our overall franchise brands growth rate. Despite, or if you took that out, obviously you would see stronger growth underlying for our franchise brands, particularly incredibly strong growth for NERF and PLAY-DOH.
Arpine Kocharyan: Right. Double-digit, that’s helpful, and then could you talk about the cadence of STAR WARS shipments this year? We know that STAR WARS was over indexed last year, but you had the movie going into home entertainment in the first half. And there is some industry chatter about Force Friday being a month later this year, I don’t know if you can comment on that. You probably can’t comment on that. But are you still expecting STAR WARS sales roughly flat to last year’s, and the percentage of sort of total, what percentage you expect to come from Force awakens versus Rogue One in terms of when we think about that 500 million? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: We continue to believe that STAR WARS year should be roughly equal to last year. Every indication, the brand is off to a great start for calendar year 2016. We continue to see both strong shipments, but equally importantly, strong take away. A number of our product initiatives are selling incredibly well, and Hasbro’s share of the STAR WARS business has improved as well. As you look quarter by quarter, I would remind you that -- that you are right, that -- if you look last year, Force Friday was September 4th, the merchandising date for Rogue One product is about a month later, at the end of September, and, you know, if you look overall quarter by quarter, there have been shifts. Obviously the first couple of quarters, we have been up significantly versus a year ago, but as I said for the full year, we would expect to achieve around the $500 million we saw last year.
Arpine Kocharyan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Eric Handler: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just a quick question on YO-KAI WATCH, seems to be building some momentum in the U.S. Just curious how you are thinking about the product launch- how many markets is it out this year, versus last year, and also, you know, how do you think about this property as sort of like a multi-year -- on a multi-year trajectory?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, you know, you are right. The TV placement continues to expand across a number of markets. It’s in a handful of markets through 2016 and will roll out to more markets in 2017. And it’s in Australia, European markets have just begun in May and will continue to roll out over the next month, and then the Latin American markets are really planned for late summer and early fall. We see it as a multi-year opportunity. It has been a multi-year strong brand in Asia, again we’re sort of in the early days, although it is certainly a contributor to the quarter to year-to-date.
Eric Handler: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning, and thank you. Thanks for all of the color, and your comments on DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN were nice to hear. Obviously you’re seeing strength there, just wondering how DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN is selling versus your expectation.
Brian Goldner: DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN are selling quite well. In fact our approach to all 11 princesses has worked incredibly well. The consumer take away is strong. And we’re seeing great strength versus predecessor product. We expect that the markets have -- are clearing, and we’ll see a clearer view as we go through the remainder of the year. Also in the small dolls -- what we call our Little Kingdom, the small dolls offering for both PRINCESS and FROZEN are doing quite well, and we continue to make great progress on that brand, and over time we expect we’ll make progress. We’re already seeing progress on the profitability. It will take a bit of time there, but again it’s building momentum both in terms of shipments, but, again, very important to terms of sell-through. We’re seeing great response to our product offerings.
Felicia Hendrix: So in line with kind of how your plans and expectations?
Brian Goldner: Actually it is ahead -- it is ahead of our plans.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Great. And with the profitability just to help us as we model -- I know you don’t give guidance, but how should we think about that?
Brian Goldner: Think about it as profitability approaching company average operating profit for a partner brand, which as you know is a bit lower than the company average, over the next two years.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Great.
Brian Goldner: And just scale that out. As I said, our teams in development and creation and product development have done a very good job in identifying opportunities to continue to get our profitability on track toward our partner brand average over the next two years.
Felicia Hendrix: Super, and since you said it several times, I think it begs the question, how much is TRANSFORMERS down year-over-year?
Brian Goldner: TRANSFORMERS is down less than the boys’ average one would expect in a movie year. It’s down by, you know, around 20%, and again, it’s as we mix out of the movie-related product and we get into the TV-oriented product, so this quarter has that impact. The biggest impact to the boys’ category overall is JURASSIC PARK, and JURASSIC WORLD product is down significantly versus a year ago, and that also impacts our preschool lineup, because of Playskool Heroes, where we had preschool JURASSIC PARK product.
Felicia Hendrix: That’s helpful. Just a final one, in the slide deck, for the -- for your international business, it said in the second half POS was up, but in the little box for the second quarter it didn’t mention anything about POS for the second quarter. So I was wondering internationally if anything changed in the quarter.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, if you look at POS, in the quarter, POS was up globally 6%. In Europe POS was up high single digits, Latin America mid-single digits Asia Pacific double digits.
Felicia Hendrix: In the quarter?
Brian Goldner: In the quarter.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So nothing to read into there. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your questions.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Good morning, everyone
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Steph Wissink: Two questions for you Deb, the first is on the product mix. I know you cited that as favorable in the quarter, and Pony and Transformers were down, so should we expect that trend to continue through the second half and then start to reverse in the early part of 2017 as Transformers and Ponies come back online? And then second question related to Boulder, I know it’s not expected to have a material impact this year, but as we look out over the next couple of years there is a third-party revenue stream in that business, is that going to flow through the entertainment and licensing line, or how should we think about that within the context of the P&L? Thank you.
Deb Thomas: Sure as for product mix, we expect in the latter half of the year as Magic, and Brian talked about it earlier in his prepared remarks, our product mix will continue to be favorable throughout the year. As our MAGIC: THE GATHERING is now launching the new set in the second half of the year, that will continue to improve our product mix. And just as a reminder from a hedging standpoint, because I know people who will be thinking about that as well, we hedged about 76%, 75, 76% of our product costs last year. We have got about the same amount hedged this year as well, so as we think about the impact of FX, specifically on cost, we are in about the same place. And with respect to Boulder, we’re really excited to add the studio to part of our business. They create award-winning animation, and they’ll continue to do that for third-parties as we go forward. The revenue and expense associated with it will show up in our entertainment and licensing segments, and just a reminder, we did say it is a profitable studio, so that’s why we don’t expect it to have a material impact on our results, but more importantly with their good quality animation capability, it really adds to our opportunity to continue to create world class animation. The one thing I would mention in the quarter is we talked a little bit about the investments we make, and there was a small impact on an expense from professional fees in the quarter that will be non-recurring. That would have had our SG&A line.
Steph Wissink: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your questions.
Jaime Katz: Good morning, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I’m curious what is motivating consumers in preschool. I think you guys had mentioned that it was weak in North America, or maybe I misheard that. And how are you thinking about facilitating sales going forward maybe in that category specifically?
Brian Goldner: Yes, actually if you look at the preschool business, particularly our Play-Doh business was up significant double digits, and the one area of weakness was really that we could talk about -- considerable weakness was the -- in Playskool Heroes, which is our preschool lineup of figures. And Jurassic World’s business was down significantly in that segment, down much higher than the typical -- we would see for a boys’ action property. And that was true as well in our boys’ business as well. And so that’s -- that was the area of weakness there, and then the growth was in the Play-Doh business.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then for Boulder Media, how do you think about that in the -- sort of under the umbrella with Allspark the Discovery Family relationship, and maybe do you think about how to organize them to get the best sort of synergies or allocate the best opportunities to each silo within that content angle?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, what we have been doing is running Hasbro Studios as a virtual studio. We bring on animators and professionals internally to help us to create the initial content, and then we’re rendering and developing our content around the world in geographies, eight or nine geographies around the world, where there’s an opportunity in great teams to develop content. They also, in many places have tax advantages oriented toward creating animation in those geographies, and we’ll continue to work with those teams over the next period of time. We have lots of shows in production. We have our animated feature film in production. But we also see the opportunity to build the Boulder business and to scale, in fact if you look at the kind of animation they create, it’s world class and theatrical-quality animation. They are working for many different networks around the world and making shows for them. And we see an opportunity as we are developing new brands, as well as new stories within our franchise brands, an opportunity to expand Boulder’s capabilities and to continue to build our content capabilities as a company. So it’s a matter of balancing between different resources, and continuing into looking at how we scale Boulder’s operations, because they do provide incredible animation content at a great price point.
Jaime Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead with your questions.
Tim Conder: Thank you. And Brian, congrats to you and the whole team again for your ongoing execution here, it’s great. Just a couple here, if I may. I don’t want to belabor the inventory point, but a little more color if you could, I know you mentioned it was STAR WARS and it was the DISNEY PRINCESS, which all makes sense. Can you kind of bucket it? If you put those two in one bucket versus everything else of the percentage increase, how much those two collectively versus the other drove the increase?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, Tim, if you look at our overall inventory increase, 80% of the inventory increase were associated with best-selling brands as well as new business. So that would include princess and FROZEN. It would include increments in STAR WARS, NERF and PLAY-DOH and several other brands that are selling quite well, in fact. Baby Alive is up significantly in the quarter, and for the year we’re seeing growth in FURREAL FRIENDS. So there’s a number of brands that would be part of that. So we feel like the inventory is in very good shape. It’s just consistent with our forecast, and it’s well balanced between regions, about 40% of the incremental inventory in the quarter was up in the U.S. and 60% outside of the U.S. and international markets. But we feel like we are well positioned with inventory, and it’s associated with brands that are selling quite well, and/or are new to the company.
Tim Conder: Okay. Helpful. Very helpful. And then as it relates to -- circle back to some previous questions on STAR WARS. You have us given good color about how you expect ‘15 and 16 to be rather balanced in the total revenues from STAR WARS. Anything you can say given ROGUE ONE is a spinoff, it would seem that that may not be quite as big so -- as we think about that in the latter part of the year here, and then carrying over into next year, ahead of episode eight coming at the end of ‘17, how should we kind of the about the balance if you look at the main episodes versus the spin off, if you can kind of look at them that way, as far as scale?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, we’re incredibly excited about ROGUE ONE, and from the materials that have been out there I think you can see by now, that it’s really around a classic story that everybody in the world knows of the Death Star and the plans around the Death Star. It’s got a lot of great classic play patterns in it. We’re very excited about the product opportunities and we’ll have a robust line that’s launching in late September. And we see it as a great compliment to the Trilogy story that’s being told. And, as I said, for the full year, we expect STAR WARS to be similarly sized. That’s obviously really contributed to our Boys business as has NERF contributed to the Boys business, and SUPER SOAKER. I think the one headwind to think about for the remainder of the year certainly is JURASSIC WORLD that was down significantly and above the Boys action average for the second quarter. We still have about half of the revenues. If you compare it in a movie year, Jurassic does about $100 million. So we have about half of that to do to compare to 2015, and we have made the decision at the end of 2017 we will no longer handle JURASSIC PARK. We had a many year relationship with Universal. We’ll no longer handle JURASSIC PARK because we were unable to arrive at a mutually beneficial financial arrangement on that brand. So, again it’s about $100 million in a movie year, it was a significant Q2 headwind and it will be a bit of a head wind for Q’s 3 and 4. So as you think about the full year, and getting to your questions about how to think about gaiting around the Boys business and STAR WARS, I think that’s a factor to consider.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then lastly, any color you with talk about the POKÉMON GO? It’s only been out there since the early part of July, but how that made headwind a little bit of maybe a brand or two within your portfolio? Or maybe even indirectly give a little bit of boost? Any color you could provide there?
Brian Goldner: Well, we have been developing our mobile gaming business for some time and we love that mobile games are really coming to the floor and the ability to use all of the capabilities of the smartphone in engaging a mobile gaming player is great. So we’ve not seen any negative impact on our business, nor would we expect to. But we certainly believe in the mobile gaming genre, it’s a wonderful way to contribute to storytelling as well as to get monetization of games through a premium model. And our brands in the quarter performed at a very high level around mobile gaming, and we continue to like the category, and we’ll continue to build our business there. We love that mobile gaming is something that people are focused on.
Tim Conder: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your questions.
Gerrick Johnson: Good morning, two questions. First, Europe. What drove Europe to basically double the domestic growth for their shipments of certain categories that happened there in the second quarter that might not have happened in the first? And the second question is on BEYBLADE. When does that launch? What are your expectations for BEYBLADE? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, Europe just has seen great growth in its business across a number of dimensions. There are similar brands and brand portfolio lineup, we have had-- we talked about the fact that brands like MY LITTLE PONY grew internationally, particularly grew in Europe for us this quarter, although it didn’t grow in the U.S. We expect MY LITTLE PONY to continue to perform at a high level. But the lineup is very strong: DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN and STAR WARS as well as significant growth in NERF and PLAY-DOH. PLAY-DOH is one of our more global brands and certainly impacts more of our international regions. And BEYBLADE is being placed and has placement in different markets around the world, and we see that as a late 2016 initiative, really contributing more fully to 2017.
Gerrick Johnson: Great. Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Deb, you mentioned the operating profit margin in the first half was up 140 basis points. I think you said you expect gross margin for the year to be kind of flattish. How are you thinking about the EBIT margin for the second half. I know you don’t like to guide, but any swing factors that could move that either direction that we should be thinking about? And then just to follow-up on the boys’ business Brian. No mention of Marvel in the quarter. How did that business perform for you in the quarter? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Sure. I’ll take Marvel and let Deb take your other questions. Marvel performed at a very high level, it was one of our top brands for the quarter. It was off a bit versus year ago, but much lower than any Boys average decline one would see in a non-movie year because they just have done such a great job in entertainment. So you just, again, a major contributor the company in the quarter. They have great plans go forward. Obviously CAPTAIN AMERICA and some of the Marvel legends product were great contributors and obviously we’re down a bit versus AVENGERS in the year ago. But again, very strong contributor overall and off just a bit. As I said, the biggest impact of the Boys category in the quarter as headwind was Jurassic.
Deb Thomas: And as far as our margins, we don’t have anything that changes our estimates from what we talked about at toy fair last quarter, significantly. So we expect revenue to continue to drive expense leverage. We will continue to make investments for the long-term growth of our business. You have seen us do that consistently while growing our margins. And I think the estimates that we talked about, with the exception of FX, which we tried to say will be a little bit below where we thought it would be in February from a percentage and point of revenue, we’re still looking at the same -- roughly the same estimates as then.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Brian Goldner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’ll turn the floor back to Ms. Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management’s prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our third quarter 2016 earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Monday October 17th. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - VP, IR Brian Goldner - Chairman, President and CEO Deb Thomas - CFO
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Drew Crum - Stifel Arpiné Kocharyan - UBS Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray Greg Badishkanian - Citi Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Jaime Katz - Morningstar Lee Giardano - Sterne Agee Eric Handler - MKM Partners Jim Chartier - Monness Crespi Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro’s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro’s Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the Company’s performance and then we will take your questions. Our first quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today’s earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. First quarter’s revenue operating profit and net earnings growth reflected a commitment to our strategy and the inherent benefits of focusing on Hasbro’s franchise brands, key strategic partner brands and our ability to execute around the blueprint. The global Hasbro teams continue to perform at a very high level, delivering innovative brand experiences informed by global consumer insights and supported by compelling story telling. We are building deep and relevant brand connections with consumers across broad demographics and geographies. First quarter revenues grew 16% and 20% absent FX, driven by Hasbro franchise brands, partner brands and strength across geographies. Hasbro’s global teams delivered an extremely strong quarter with double digit revenue and operating profit growth in the U.S. and Canada and international segments. Internationally, we grew revenues despite the foreign exchange environment with strong gains in many developed economies. When adjusted for foreign exchange, we posted double digit revenue growth in all major geographic regions. Emerging market revenues increased 6% absent FX, and we continue to expect these markets to grow revenues double digits absent FX for 2016. While consumer demand remains robust, we are beginning to see an impact on some retailers from the ongoing economic challenges. Global point of sale increased 27% in the quarter behind double digit growth in all major regions, North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific; and double digit growth in both toys and games. In the U.S. point of sale increased double digits in all categories boys, girls, games and preschool with growth in franchise and partner brands. In addition, according to NPD through the first two months of the year, we continued to gain share in nearly every major market. Overall, franchise brand revenues grew in the quarter. In total, toy and game revenues for franchise brands increased 9%, absent FX, increasing 12% in the U.S. and Canada segment and 6% in the international segment. The first quarter had several unique and expected comparison challenges within the franchise brands which don’t change our positive outlook for the full year. Q1 was a tough comparison within the entertainment and licensing category. Franchise brand revenues in the segment declined this year versus last year when we recorded revenue from multiyear digital streaming deal. The agreement includes MY LITTLE PONY, LITTLEST PET SHOP and TRANSFORMERS programming. The segment also had tough comparisons in consumer products and film revenues related to the 2014 Transformers movie recorded last year. TRANSFORMERS toy and game revenues were also down versus a very strong first quarter of last year when it benefitted from the movie. Franchise brand POS in the quarter was up high-single-digits globally and double-digits in the U.S. more than overcoming the negative TRANSFORMERS comparison. Within our franchise brands, NERF & PLAY-DOH continued to deliver strong growth. New innovations from NERF including mod Modulus and Rival are performing well and 2016 marks their first full year in the market. PLAY-DOH continues to drive growth in play sets and compounds. This year, we are launching an entirely new system of play with PLAY-DOH Town that is now available in the U.S. and rolling out internationally throughout 2016. MY LITTLE PONY grew in the U.S. and Canada segment and absent FX in the international segment. We continue to deliver innovative new product, strong licensing programs and compelling entertainment, including the sixth season of MY LITTLE PONY: Friendship is Magic, which began airing March 26th. In addition, the launch of the new EQUESTRIA GIRLS Mini Dolls! segment is off to a strong start. We are working through some retail inventory within EQUESTRIA GIRLS, but we are optimistic about the initial consumer reaction to our new offering and the overall outlook for MY LITTLE PONY globally. As I mentioned, TRANSFORMERS revenue represented the most significant decline within our franchise brands for the quarter. New entertainment began late in the first quarter of this year with the second season of TRANSFORMERS: Robots in Disguise on Cartoon Network in the U.S. and currently rolling out internationally. Machinima and Hasbro are unveiling all new entertainment targeting the older TRANSFORMERS band later this year. We are also actively developing the next chapter of the TRANSFORMERS theatrical stories. In February, Paramount Pictures dated TRANSFORMERS 5 for release on June 23, 2017 with two additional TRANSFORMERS films planned for June of 2018 and 2019. We have global teams of talented individuals working on this multi-year theatrical entertainment and innovation slate. Overall games revenue was down slightly in the quarter and flat absent FX. PIE FACE continues to be in high demand. We also saw growth in our digital gaming licensing including YAHTZEE, which is being driven by our mobile gaming license with Scopely. DUEL MASTERS, a Japanese trading card game also contributed to growth in the quarter. We are investing to build great gaming experiences in both face-to-face and digital play environments. Our outlook for MAGIC: THE GATHERING remains positive. The lease schedule fluctuates and revenue timing is story driven, but it is effectively driving engagement with players. We shipped the first set in the Shadows over Innistrad block on April 8th versus a first quarter release last year. It is off to a fabulous start with pre-release attendance of 20% and this validates our change to a two-set block. MAGIC recently achieved the milestone of 1 million active players in our organized play system. We also have 65,000 players who play in premier events streamed to esports audiences. This is an area we’re going to investing in to both grow, the number of events and the player base. The team at Wizards of the Coast is doing great work to foster both analog and digital play for the MAGIC community. We’re very pleased to have Chris Cocks from Microsoft joining us as President of Wizards of the Coast. As we announced last week, Greg Leeds is leaving Hasbro. We are grateful for his contributions and wish him the best in his new endeavors. The first quarter also benefited from the strength of our partner brands. Retail and consumer demand for STAR WARS remained very high and at this early stage of the year, we continue to believe 2016 revenues could be in line with last year. STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS was recently release in Home Entertainment and Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is scheduled for release on December 16th. The first quarter also marked the on shelf date for Hasbro’s line of DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN fashion dolls and small dolls. Initial consumer reaction has been very positive and our approach of offering the entire range of DISNEY PRINCESS is resonating. New content and the all new characters of Moana and Elena of Avalor will further support our innovative products this year. In addition, Marvel’s Captain America: Civil War will be in theatres on May 6th. We have a robust line and strong planned retail promotional activity supporting this film. The first quarter was a good start to the year, but we know, there is a lot of the year left to deliver. For 2016 and beyond, we have an innovative line of both Hasbro brands and partner brands, and we are investing to deliver the best experiences to retailers and consumers globally. This includes continued strategic investment and further development of our capabilities around the brand blueprint including in storytelling digital gaming and our consumer products licensing efforts. I’ll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. The first quarter was a very good quarter for Hasbro. The strength of our results reflected the continued momentum in our business and strong execution by our global team. We grew revenues, operating profit and earnings, despite the continued negative impact from foreign exchange and challenging economic environment in some international market. We returned $93.2 million in cash to shareholders and ended the quarter with a very strong balance sheet well-positioned to support our 2016 growth outlook. Looking at our segments for the first quarter 2016, revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 28%. The Boys growth and Preschool categories posted revenue growth while the Games category declined slightly. Hasbro franchise brand revenues increased and partner brands further contributed to growth with revenue increases in STAR WARS, DISNEY PRINCESS, FROZEN and DESCENDANTS as well as YOKAI WATCH.  U.S. point of sale posted solid double digit growth in all categories and retail inventory continued to be a very good quality. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 89%, reflecting higher revenues, partially offset by higher expense levels. International segment revenues grew 13%. Excluding the negative $26.7 million impact from foreign exchange, international segment revenues increased 22%. Revenue in the segment grew in all four product categories Boys, Games, Girls and Preschool. Franchise brand revenues were down slightly as reported but grew absent FX. Partner brands were also positive contributors including STAR WARS, DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN. Operating profit in the segment increased 50% to $2.9 million. Profit improvement on higher revenues was partially offset by increased expenses year-over-year. During the quarter, we also took a $13.8 million bad debt provision for potentially uncollectable receivable. This was the first significant provision taken since we began our expansion in 2008 into more international territories, notably emerging markets. Overall, we feel we’ve taken the appropriate risks and mange our higher risk accounts very closely. Current exchange rates in certain regions have changed favorably since the beginning of this year. Although the euro has strengthened, other currencies continued to weaken in the quarter. For the full year, we forecasted an approximate $100 million negative impact from foreign exchange compared to 2015. If rates in particularly euro stay favorable that impact would be much lower. Entertainment and licensing segment revenues declined 30%. In the first quarter of last year, the segment benefited from a multiyear digital streaming deal for Hasbro Studios television programming. Consumer product licensing and entertainment revenues also declined in the quarter, most notably from the difficult comparison with last year’s Transformers movie related merchandise and revenues. Licensing revenue is generally recorded in arrears and last year’s first quarter reflected the holiday 2014 Transformers movie related revenue. Segment operating profit declined 67%. In addition to lower revenue, we continue to make investments in our consumer products team, digital gaming and storytelling to drive future growth in these higher profit margin revenue sources. These are strategically important capabilities which truly differentiate Hasbro’s brands with both consumers and retailers. Turning to overall expenses, higher revenues drove improved expense leverage and a 270 basis-point increase in operating profit margin for the quarter. We continue to see growth in partner brands which drive a lower cost of sales to revenue and higher royalty to sales ratios. Both measures were close to flat with last year levels as cost of sales for the quarter was 34.9% of revenues and royalties totaled 8.4%. Product development dollar growth reflects continued investment in innovation across our brand portfolio including franchise, partner and new brands. Advertising remained approximately flat as a percentage of sales and intangible amortization declined reflecting some of our digital gaining assets becoming fully amortized in the second quarter of last year. Program production cost amortization was also down in the quarter. In the first quarter of last year, this line reflected the higher revenue and associated amortizations with our streaming deal for Hasbro programming. SG&A in the quarter was down as a percent of revenues. SG&A dollars increased 12%, primarily due to investments around our brand blueprint, bad debt and higher compensation expense. Our first quarter results support our ability to sustain and grow operating profit levels over time. While achieving this, we continue to make incremental investments in our brands including in the digital ecosystem for MAGIC: THE GATHERING and our IT systems to drive efficiencies and enhance innovation and in our talent and capabilities to execute our brand blueprint. In the first quarter, the strength of our business enabled us to deliver operating profit expansion while investing for future growth. Turning to our results below operating profit for the quarter, other expense was $2.7 million versus income of $4.7 million last year. Increased profit is associated with our 40% share of the operating income in the Discovery Family channel combined with higher interest income on our investments was more than offset by larger losses from foreign exchange transactions. Underlying tax rate was 26.5%, down from 27% last year and essentially in line with 26.4% for the full year 2015. Diluted earnings per share was $0.38 compared to $0.21 last year. Our balance sheet remained strong. Cash totaled $1.1 billion at quarter-end. We generated $294 million in operating cash flow during the quarter and $531 million over the past 12 months. During the first quarter, we returned $93.2 million to shareholders, $57.4 million in dividends and $35.8 million in share repurchases. Our May 16th dividend payment will be the first quarter as a higher dividend rate of $0.51 per share, which the Board increased 11% in February. Receivables at quarter end were up 19% versus the 16% growth in revenues. And DSOs increased two days to 73 days. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, receivables increased approximately 23% versus 20% revenue growth absent FX. Overall, our accounts receivable are in good condition and collections continue to be strong. Inventories increased 36% versus last year. Adjusting for a negative foreign exchange impact, inventory increased 41%, reflecting the new businesses we’re supporting, the timing of entertainment, and our outlook for 2016. Overall, we believe we have the right amount and quality of inventory at retail and at Hasbro to meet our growth expectations for the year. Throughout the first quarter, we maintained and improved upon the higher level of performance we delivered last year. While we have a great deal of the year left to go, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the innovation and entertainment driving our brands. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead with your questions.
Felicia Hendrix: Hey Brian, I just wanted to touch on a comment that you made in your prepared remarks about some retailers being affected from global economic challenges. I was just wondering, can you elaborate, is that globally, is that U.S., internationally; can you just talk about that comment a little bit more, please?
Brian Goldner: Sure. We are really referring to a few of our retailers in the emerging markets. Deb noted bad debt provision that we took in the quarter. And so, we are just indicating that we had a couple of retailers in the emerging markets that were challenged and where we felt that there was some revenue that would be uncollectable.
Deb Thomas: Consumer take away in those markets still continues to be strong. So, as we look at the emerging markets, we still have that outlook of double digit growth absent FX for the year.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then in…
Brian Goldner: Yes, this is -- yes, it’s good point, I mean this isn’t consumer related; we’re not talking about the takeaways, and we talked about double digit growth in POS across all of our regions in the quarter, and we had very strong double digit growth throughout our business. And so, again, we are just referring to a few retailers where we took a provision.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, that’s very helpful, thank you. And you gave us some nice color on games and puzzles and magic, and it looks like magic with the release in April, versus a first quarter release last year had some tough comp. Just wondering a couple of things in games and puzzles, first, I just wanted to clarify, did magic see growth in the first quarter? And then, also you had a management change in that division. So, I was just wondering if you could talk about the drivers behind that change and what you expect for games and puzzles for the rest of the year?
Brian Goldner: Yes, sure. If you look at our games business, first, I think really very encouraging was our strong double-digit growth in POS in that category for the first quarter. And so, we’ve really seen, both in the U.S. and around the world, double-digit take away and growth in POS. If you look at games within the business, we’ll call it face-to-face gaming was up a bit. But magic was down in the quarter. And we have talked a lot; hopefully people now understand that magic really is release driven, story driven. And therefore, we’ll have ups and downs that may not run seasonally as much as other brands but rather just in response to the story releases and the decks that are released. The change at magic at Wizards of the Coast was planned some time ago. Greg had indicated his desire to go off and do some other things, and we wish him all the best. He’s done a terrific job for us; he was here in Providence and Pawtucket before going to Wizards and he’d run our boys business and he’s been here with us for several years. We’re very excited about Chris Cox coming on-board and he’ll be with us starting in June. And not only is he a Magic: The Gathering player and role playing gamer overall, but he’s also got some tremendous experience, most recently at Microsoft, so has both the analog and digital capability and will continue to drive us in both directions.
Felicia Hendrix: Great, thanks so much. And then just finally on -- your quarter was obviously very strong for a lot of different reasons. Just wondering how much of that was attributable to the Easter shift.
Brian Goldner: We definitely saw a very strong Easter for us in POS but our Easter was actually up significantly versus prior Easter. But we’ve seen this continued strong POS and even after Easter this year our POS continues to be strong and the double digit POSes across every category and every geography. And I think it goes back to something we talked about in prepared remarks, and that’s -- I think the thing that you’re seeing in the first quarter that’s obfuscating our otherwise very strong franchise brand results is just the payments that were made a year ago for stream content in a quarter that tends to be a bit lower in overall revenue, so has a bigger impact. So, if you take that out, our total franchise brands growth for the quarter was 9% and you saw double-digit growth in U.S. and high-single digit growth internationally for franchise brands. So again, the streaming payments made a year ago just get in the way of seeing that underlying strength and it’s why you’re also seeing our market shares grow all around the world.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks, good morning, everyone. So Brian, you provided your updated view on expectations for STAR WARS, which is unchanged for the year. Can you kind of run us through what the puts and takes are and how you arrived at that number or that view? And then, continuing with Boys, how does Spiderman fit into the Company’s plans for Marvel in 2016? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: So, if you look at the full year for STAR WARS in the calendar, clearly Home Entertainment has just broken for THE FORCE AWAKENS. Obviously we know the kind of contribution that will make to boys oriented business for the next several quarters. Then, we transition in the fall toward Rouge One, hopefully by now you’ve seen of the early trailers; it’s very exciting and clearly a story, a STAR WARS story and that is very relevant to global fans, both new and old, and we’ll transition to the Rouge One product, but of course still the classic products both from FORCE AWAKENS and classic original STAR WARS products will continue to sell. We also have a continued strong emphasis on the fan economy and fan oriented product, which continues throughout the year and you’ll see that reflected; we’re seeing it reflected in our business presently and that’s I think how you would look at the calendarization of STAR WARS for this year. In terms of the Marvel business, I think the interesting thing here is we do have a movie coming up in Captain America: Civil War; hopefully you’ve seen the materials there. But it’s clearly a full array of all of our favorite characters from the Marvel universe. Interestingly the timing of the merchandizing of that is a month later this year than it was a year ago, and so that does have an impact on the first quarter’s Marvel business as we time that, just it happens to be the shelf set dates are a month later this year than a year ago, although the movie date is roughly the same. And we’ll roll into Captain America: Civil War, which as I said is a full array of characters including some of our favorites like the character you mentioned. And then of course, we get into ‘17 and we do have the Spiderman movie.
Drew Crum: Brian, just go back to your last comment, are you suggesting that you were not shipping Captain America products in the first quarter?
Brian Goldner: We -- not saying we didn’t ship Captain America products in the first quarter, we’re just saying that the timing shifted. So, it probably didn’t have as big an impact as it did a year ago; so, to frame it out, the partner brand for partner brand, the puts and takes.
Drew Crum: Yes, got it, okay. And then just one last question, Deb, on the advertising, can you discuss the year-on-year increase? Typically we don’t see when you have a heavy mix towards entertainment and contribution from partner brands, the increased advertising, just want to understand what’s driving that.
Deb Thomas: Really just as we look at our full year expectations and look at rolling out our advertising, really just what you’re seeing this year compared to last year is the impact of our expectations and how we’re looking at funding the programs that will be running all year long against the revenue spread out over the quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arpiné Kocharyan with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Alright, thanks, the name is Arpiné. Could you talk a little bit about U.S. retail takeaway in the quarter and how sort of to think about the Easter shift? And thank you for the Easter and Easter comparison; that was helpful. How do kind of think about what Easter shift was in terms of retail takeaway and your shipment in the U.S. of up about 28%?
Brian Goldner : Yes. So, if you look at our POS, it’s very strong across the Board in the U.S., up strong double-digits across all categories. For toys up strong double-digits and boys, similarly girls, preschool, and games were up double-digit, our franchise brands in the U.S. were up double-digits in POS. And we did see a very strong Easter, but we’ve been seeing strong week-on-week POS, and as I indicated, our strong double-digit POS has continued beyond Easter.
Arpiné Kocharyan: Okay, thank you. And then my second question is, Brian, back in February, you had said that you expected partner revenues to be closer to that 25% range higher than historical around 20. Partner brands came in stronger than franchise, although there is a bit of tough comp in entertainment and licensing but overall royalty rate was also up tiny bit. Could you share with us whether your guidance for full year of partner brands being, still at the higher end of that 20%, 25% range on royalty rates coming down as a percentage of sales for the full year; has that kind of guidance or expectation changed?
Brian Goldner: No, it hasn’t changed. Our guidance is very much the same. In fact, if you look as a percent of revenues, our royalties are only up one-tenth of a percentage point in the quarter versus a year ago; so a very small change. The other element, as we said, the partner brands even in the first quarter where you have lower absolute revenues and the impact were only up slightly above the 25% number that we’ve given at the high end of the range. So, again, over the four quarters, we still expect it to be at the high-end of the 20% to 25% range.
Arpiné Kocharyan: That’s helpful. So, absent the licensing -- entertainment and licensing tough comp, that one-off payment, you still expect franchise brands to grow at a higher rate was partner?
Brian Goldner: Well, I think it’s very hearting. We’re looking at the numbers and if you take the top 10 brands of our Company at this moment, in the quarter, six of the top 10 brands of our Company are franchise brands. And the top brand in our Company still in the first quarter is NERF. So, I think the portfolio management the teams are executing is quite strong; it’s certainly a complement of franchise brands and partner brands revenues, so the other four brands within the top 10 are partner brands. But that’s a great combination. And our strongest brand, top brand of the quarter is still NERF. And that combination allows us to continue to provide that guidance to you about royalties and about partner brands as a percent of revenue for the year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations to everyone there on a fantastic quarter.
Brian Goldner: Thanks.
Stephanie Wissink: My question is just related to the profit growth versus the sales growth, which is a factor of three-fold in this quarter, really outstanding. Curious, Deb, if you can share with us how we should thinking about that over the next couple of quarters and the next couple of years. I think in Toy Fair you indicated your margin targets for the Q are roughly flattish, but a couple of hundred basis points of expansion in the first quarter. I’m just curious if that’s changed the way you’re thinking about the forward year and next couple of years?
Deb Thomas: We think based on our -- we talked a little bit about the fact that the first quarter is a log of small numbers for us. But what we’re seeing is the improvement in our margins that we did say at year-end in the Toy Fair that we believe were sustainable and expandable over time, particularly as we ramped some of the new brands and gained more operating profit for us. So, the one item we did want to point out was the bad debt that was unusual for us, while we won’t exclude it, it was the first one that we encountered as we’ve expanded particularly into emerging markets. And we do have some high risk accounts, but we managed those very closely and do have reserves where we deem them appropriate. But overall, our margins have grown in all of our segments with the exception of entertainment and licensing. And again that streaming revenue because of the profitability of it has a big impact. But we do continue to believe that based on our current estimates that the guidance that we gave in February still holds.
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you. And then just one follow-up, Deb, on the inventory, I think you mentioned excluding currency up 41% year-over-year. I’m wondering if you’d be willing to just eliminate the non-comparable for PRINCESS. I’d imagine there is some ramp inventory there for PRINCESS. Is it more consistent with sales, if you back that out? I mean just look at it on a comparable basis.
Deb Thomas: Yes. I think as we look at our inventory overall, you have identified a big piece of it. I mean we’re really ramping up for the business we see in the year ahead.
Stephanie Wissink: Thank you. Best of luck everyone.
Brian Goldner: If you look where inventory is, Steph, it’s really nicely spread and it does follow our sales curves globally, so you get about a better third of the inventory increase in the U.S. and the other two thirds out internationally, as we’re going in region for region.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please go ahead with your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is actually Fred on for Greg. Just wondering if you guys could give a little bit more color on the DISNEY PRINCESS launch, how it’s gone versus your expectation and where we think we’re at this position?
Brian Goldner: Clearly, I think you said one of the keywords, which is it is clearly first quarter is a transitional quarter; we said that all long. Having said that, the teams have done -- our teams at Hasbro have done a fantastic job of launching the brand of beautiful products and it’s been well-received by consumers and the early take away is quite good. We’re ramping this business and we continue to believe that as we move forward, as we expand in revenues, we’ll continue to improve our operating margin over time there. So, I would say that our guidance for what we want to achieve is being achieved and run on track for our expectations for PRINCESS.
Greg Badishkanian: Great. If we just looked at STAR WARS, is there anything that you guys learned from last year’s movie that you are planning to implement for this coming year’s release?
Brian Goldner: Clearly it was great for us to be able to have a major entertainment initiative in the fourth quarter; it’s great to build the spread out, the entertainment initiatives across our portfolio, now almost 12 months a year; and that will continue to be the case, as we have more and more partners and our own brands, launching new story led initiatives throughout each year. The consumer certainly responded in kind and it gives us great courage to look at new windows for new launches, and will track similar to last year, kind of a similar tempo and template this year, as we have a fall set date for Rogue One product and that will roll into a holiday oriented movie. But, again, the teams are constantly picking up on new insights, and we’re using those to the advantage of customers and consumers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Taposh Bari of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Taposh Bari: Hey, good morning everyone and congrats on another great quarter. Brian, on Girls, can you help us better understand how the segment performed excluding the DISNEY PRINCESS piece. And then, the follow up for that, how do we think about the transition of that property into your business? Should we think of 1Q as a kind of disproportion of beneficiary -- given the fact that it represents the initial shipment window for that property?
Brian Goldner: Well, if you look at it, clearly in a quarter where typically lower revenues it does have a disproportional impact; as you grow throughout the year, your revenues grow across the board. We had a number of our girls brands that performed well and grew in the quarter. So, we saw some great growth from some of what we would call our challenger brands including FurReal Friends Baby Alive and EASY-BAKE and then MY LITTLE PONY, as I said, the brand overall was up. The only place that had an impact where it flattens the result is because of the streaming revenues are assigned to the purchase of MY LITTLE PONY programming and LITTLEST PET SHOP programming a year ago. So, we had one brand in there that we’re restaging for the fall which is Nerf Rebelle and clearly the brand is down at this movement, as we restage and get reoriented around that brand for the second half of the year. And again, PET SHOPT had very strong results in several territories including the U.S. and Canada. And we’re beginning to make the shift, the change in evolution of that brand out internationally and over time, we would expect that brand to see more positive momentum overall.
Taposh Bari: On games, I just want to make sure, I understand the comment that you made. So, shipments were flat in constant currency but POS up double digits, did I hear that correctly?
Brian Goldner: It is, a strong double digit, yes.
Taposh Bari: Okay. So, is that entirely attributable to the magic shift in to take you there?
Brian Goldner: No, I don’t -- we had lots of puts and takes, so we have lots of interesting and different brands that were up in the quarter. Our segment -- a lot of the brands within our family oriented segment were up including life and Life and YAHTZEE and several other brands. Obviously PIE FACE continues to be a strong contributor; DUEL MASTERS within the Yahtzee [ph] business was up. As I said, overall, face-to-face gaming was up a bit in the quarter. And I do think you have our coming off of a very strong fourth quarter, you still have product in the market and very strong POS, both in the U.S. and internationally for games.
Taposh Bari: Understood, and one last one for you, Brian, if you can comment on the health of the toy category, as we enter 2016. Again, category’s been relatively flat for a while and it seems to be going through this revival. What are you hearing from your retailers, both brick and mortar and online; are they believers in the sustainability; are they dedicating more resources to the category? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Well, I would say yes to really everything you’ve said. Well, remember that last year we had a very had a very robust growth in U.S. and globally developed economies as well as emerging markets in the toy industry. So, I would say this is the second year of strong growth year-to-date; we are seeing high single digit growth rates, both in developed economies like U.S. and also throughout Europe. Retailers are very excited about the category, as we continue to have more story driven brands, more integrated play brands and more innovation in the category. Overall, POS was very strong, as I said, but as we’ve noted before, online POS was even stronger, and many additional retailers that have been historically brick retailers are doing a very good job in omni-channel. And so, we saw great growth for several online retailers, both pure play as well as omni-channel retailers. So, I would say overall, the state of the industry is quite strong. And our indications are from projections that it will remain strong for the next several years.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead with your question.
Jaime Katz: Can you guys discuss if there were any pockets of excess inventory outside EQUESTRIA GIRLS? I know you were selling the channel for a lot of products but that seems to be the only product that was called out, as may be not performing exactly how you had expected?
Brian Goldner: Yes, as I mentioned, Nerf Rebelle, clearly, we are restaging that part of the NERF brand, had some inventory carried over, and we are restaging it for the second half. We had a great response from the global retailers to the new lineup of Nerf Rebelle products for the second half of the year. And our expectation is the brand should sell through some remaining inventory in the first half. But I would say those are really the two brands. The only other one, and I almost -- we’ve talked about this over a number of calls is FURBY. We do have some remaining FURBY last hopefully quarter of FURBY headwinds, if we will. We are selling out some remaining FURBY up against a year ago.
Jaime Katz: Okay, and then I know you guys talked a little bit about bad debt, but I am curious on a more regional level. What you guys are seeing out of Brazil, which had historically been descent growth business and then whether or not Mexico is helping to offset that at all?
Brian Goldner: Brazil continues to be strong growth, just obviously you are having a currency impact. So absent, absent FX, the underlying growth in Brazil, our brands in Brazil are performing quite strongly. Clearly we are seeing growth in regions like Mexico, but Deb, do you want to comment on the environment?
Deb Thomas: No. Our business continues to be good. As of late, the real has done a bit better as all currencies have. And we did say in our prepared remarks, particularly if the euro holds up the way its trading right now that will have a positive impact on our expectations for foreign exchange, impact us for the full year, but we continue to see the market in Brazil being good and consumer takeaway being good as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder from Wells Fargo. Please go with your questions.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Congratulations also again on the ongoing great execution everyone. Just a couple of items; my apologies there. Staying on the currency, Deb, and just following on a few of those related questions, a little more color you said, if rates stay where they are, you talked about the 100 million reference stat that will be substantially better. Anymore color on the revenue, operating profits, again assuming rates stay where they are today? And did you guys put in on any additional hedging in Q1 that may be benefiting that now that rates have moved?
Deb Thomas: We hedge throughout the year, so we probably did put some hedges on in the first quarter. Overall, from a hedging standpoint, we hedged about 75% our product cost last year, and we are about hedged the same amount this year. So, we always try to make sure we say in a similar level. So, it’s hard to tell where the rates are going to go. I think if you look at what all the experts are saying, they expect the dollar is strengthened. However, we are not seeing that particularly against the euro right now. So, if rates stay the way they are, we did put a chart in our earnings presentation, so you could see the make-up of our revenues by currency in the first quarter. And depending on what your expectations are for FX rates, you can just look it at that way. But are kind of hitting the point where we are getting comparable FX rates to last year in certain regions.
Tim Conder: Okay, I guess from a color standpoint, are you talking, $10million, $20 million difference versus that $100 million that you talked about in February?
Deb Thomas: Well, we’ve got $30 million almost already in. So, as you look at the rest of the year, I mean if the euro continues to stay strong, it’s actually trading above levels it was trading at last year. So, that could significantly change our expectations for the year, but again, it’s too early to tell.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then any color, Brian, Deb, that you feel comfortable giving? I know part of it’s sensitive with a specific streaming contract. But as far as the swing factor, the streaming contract and TRANSFORMERS together, how it impacted entertainment and licensing, was that the majority of the swing there, I mean can we just take it as all of it or any additional color you could just breakdown?
Brian Goldner: Yes, it was I think between the two -- between the fact that we’re coming off. Remember, we’ve said before that when we do licenses, we get paid the following quarter. So, obviously in first quarter of ‘15, we were collecting royalties for fourth quarter ‘14 in TRANSFORMERS and then of course we had the streaming deal, and I think both are exacerbated by the fact that you’re dealing in a typically lower revenue’s quarter, so more of an impact in percentage terms. And you’re right, I think that’s the bulk of the change.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then, any -- back to the bad debt and again, you said your POS was good in several areas. What -- can you give us any color as to where the majority of a retailer is concentrated where that bad debt was or where you’re seeing maybe some of retailers, not the consumer have some issues?
Deb Thomas: Particularly, we were seeing some impact to certain retailers in our emerging markets. I did already comment that Brazil continues to be a strong market for us right now and do well; so other markets, not Brazil.
Brian Goldner: The other thing I wanted -- I’d like to just note because we do have some big retailers, we’re not talking about the big retailers that have represented the significant partners for us and growth engines for us in those areas, so Detsky Mir in Russia, PBKIDS Ri Happy and Brazil both are very strong, continue to be strong retailers, really talking about some retailers that were not among our top retailers but clearly retailers we’ve been selling to.
Tim Conder: Very helpful. And lastly Brian, China, it would appear that that’s been a -- continues to be a pretty good growth driver for you. Correct me if I’m wrong there. And then just especially your e-commerce outlook in China and how that is trending over the last 12 months, 18 months whatever period here and then how you see that growth curve here over the balance of ‘16?
Brian Goldner: Well clearly, e-com in China is one of the key themes for future growth, even though we’re getting growth today. I think future growth is even stronger, as we orient our Company and our business to e-com globally but also particularly in China it is a great disintermediary for that market, allows us to get to the vast majority of consumers, and it’s an area of focus for us. China has shown some good growth but remember, our Asia Pacific business overall showed good growth, so beyond China, which is quite heartening to see, country for country, and Korea some great growth and Southeast Asia as well as our Australia and New Zealand business. So, China continues to be both the short and long term opportunity for us. We do have a great array of brands that are beloved in China, particularly brands like TRANSFORMERS and we’ll continue to build the business. But I think e-com is one of the focuses for our company globally and also specific e-com focus in China.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Lee Giardano with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead with your question.
Lee Giardano: Thanks, good morning everybody. Deb, just to clarify on the tax rate, it looks like it came in around 21%. Should we still continue to look for 26.5% or 27% for the remainder of the year?
Deb Thomas: Yes, the adjustments that got us down to that 21% were discrete items. And our underlying tax rate is in the range of 26.5% to 27% that we talked about at year end.
Lee Giardano: Great, thanks. And just secondly following up on MY LITTLE PONY, what does the entertainment schedule look like this year and next and how do you view that brand going forward?
Brian Goldner: MY LITTLE PONY ‘s next season is just launching now and rolling out around the world, it’s the sixth season for the brand. And the theme this year is all about exploring EQUESTRIA and it ties together with lots of the initiatives that we have across the Company. We have very robust plans in multi categories for MY LITTLE PONY throughout this year, brand new toys and games products but also I’ve seen some really wonderful product in our consumer products licensing business and apparel that’s out internationally in the UK, very strong results in several categories of products setting all around the world in tune with that theme and that will roll into 2017. And then as you know for fall of 2017 November, we have our first animated feature film that will be distributed by Lionsgate in the MY LITTLE PONY movie. So, we’ll have television entertainment, streaming entertainment across a number of different over the top providers. Kids can find entertainment, both short form and long form. And then they can also find entertainment on digital games with some new digital games that we’ll launch including one new MY LITTLE PONY digital game launching from BlackFoot studios; we continue to have a game from Gameloft throughout the year so story telling across a number of different dimensions and continue to feel very good about the brand. And as I’ve mentioned, the new EQUESTRIA GIRLS line and launch is and going off quite well with the new Mini Dolls! segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Handler: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Forgive me, if you’ve already gone through this. But, your U.S. and Canada business yet great revenue growth 28%, the margin increased but not as much as revenue growth. And I’m just curious, what expense items particularly of note where there that sort of drove the margin below your revenue growth? And then secondly, looking at STAR WARS, was POS consistent through the quarter or was there a big shipment that occurred just prior to the Home Entertainment release?
Brian Goldner: So first of all, the operating profit in the U.S. business increased 89%. So, revenues were up 28%, operating profit was up 89%, and I’m not sure…
Eric Handler: Okay. Sorry. Yes.
Brian Goldner: The operating profit margin in the quarter was 17.7%, up against 12% a year ago. So, I just want to make sure, we’re…
Eric Handler: Right. Yes, sorry. I misspoke. So, what was it that actually allowed you to get that margin up 570 basis points?
Brian Goldner: Well, it’s obviously the revenue increases and a great portfolio of franchise growth as well as partner growth. So, again, I mentioned that in the top 10 brands of our Company, we have six of our seven franchise brands, and then some partner brands. It’s that blend should allow you to understand how we intend to improve operating margins over time, how our partner brands will remain at the top end of the 20% to 25% of revenues and why royalty should be roughly in line with our guidance for the year.
Eric Handler: Okay. And then STAR WARS?
Brian Goldner: STAR WARS, no, we’ve been shipping STAR WARS throughout, we came off of a very strong movie, remember the movie has continued to play in theaters, so we continue to ships product as more and more people saw the movie. And then of course, there are all kinds of initiatives around the Home Entertainment windows, but those will continue. So, I wouldn’t say that there was any one pulse of inventory into the market, but rather very strong sell-through throughout.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jim Chartier with Monness Crespi. Please proceed with your questions.
Jim Chartier: Thanks for taking my questions. First question on YOKAI WATCH, now that you’ve had a couple of months with the product in the market, just want to get your update, your thoughts there on both kind of the U.S. and other markets, how it’s been received. And the secondly on STAR WARS, Rogue One looks like has another female lead. So, just curious how the female business for STAR WARS is doing versus prior years and if you think that’s an opportunity going forward? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: So, YOKAI is only in its first couple of months, as you correctly indicate and really rolling out around the world of entertainment. So, we’ve really only seen entertainment in the U.S. and it will be going into international markets throughout the year. And early indications are quite good, but it’s still very early days. Rogue One is exciting for everyone. And I think we continue to offer an array of products for all STAR WARS fans of all ages and genders and affiliations. And you’ll see us continue to focus on product for everyone and product has been well received by everyone. And again, I think what you’re seeing overall is a blending of such more historical delineation that we’re really not focusing on our fostering, we’re just making great products, we love the lead characters of these movies, and we’re very excited about where STAR WARS is going. We also saw in the first quarter great sales of Lightsabers and I think Lightsabers are going to everyone, because everybody can be a Jedi.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your questions.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey, good morning. Do you guys have a street date for Rogue One; will there be a Rogue Friday?
Brian Goldner: I can only say at this point, fall; I don’t think they’ve announced the street date.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. And do you have the actual number for the bad debt expense?
Deb Thomas: We talked about the one particular charge we took; it was $13.8 million.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, and also your franchise brands up 1% in the quarter but I thought I heard on the call you say 9%, what was the 9% number relation to?
Brian Goldner: So, I was trying to get across the fact that if you look at actual sales of our toys and games around the world, our franchise brands were up 9% and a brand like MY LITTLE PONLY was up 12%. So, I just -- again, given the typically smaller revenue quarter and then impact of the streaming deal, if you really look at the underlying consumer orientation of the brands and how it’s performing, they are performing quite strongly.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, I get it, ex the streaming deal. Lastly, in the past couple of quarters, you’ve talked about MY LITTLE PONY performance in terms of core, I didn’t hear this world this time core, you said it did grow in U.S.; was that core or was that in totality?
Brian Goldner: Well, it’s a combination, because we have also EQUESTRIA GIRLS; so, it’s the combination of all the elements.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’ll turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing remarks. 
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob, and thank you everyone for joining our call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management’s prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our second quarter 2016 earnings release has tentatively scheduled for Monday July, 18th. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - VP, IR Brian Goldner - Chairman, President and CEO Deb Thomas - CFO
Analysts: Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus Jaime Katz - Morningstar Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Eric Handler - MKM Partners Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Jim Chartier - Monness Crespi Hardt Lee Giardano - Sterne Agee CRT
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Hasbro's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our fourth quarter and year-end earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Today's discussion will exclude items from both our 2015 and 2014 results but do not speak to the underlying financial performance of Hasbro. Details on those items and reconciliation to our reported financial results are included in the earnings release and presentation slides accompanying this call.  Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, and today's press release, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you Debbie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Hasbro’s record performance in 2015 reflected the strength of our global teams and the power of our brand blueprint. Through a focus on franchise brands and partner brands consumer insight led innovation and compelling story telling we are connecting with consumers more deeply and across more demographics than ever before.  It has taken us 10 years and significant investment to be in the position of successfully executing our strategy. Today, we are beginning to unlock the full economic value of our brands. The benefits of our strategy are not only delivering revenue gains, but are also driving higher levels of gross and operating margins which we believe are sustainable for the long term. In recognition of the strength of the year and our positive outlook, our Board recently voted to raise the quarterly dividend by 11%. This higher dividend reinforces our commitment to enhancing shareholder value over the long term.  Demand for Hasbro initiatives was strong globally last year. Revenues increased 13% absent FX and reflected the strong demand we saw at the local level around the world. On a reported basis, revenues grew 4%, despite a significant negative impact from foreign exchange translation. Point-of-sale was very strong growing double-digits in developed economies including the US, UK, Germany, France, Spain, Mexico and Australia, as well as in many emerging markets where we receive retail data directly from our customers.  We ended 2015 with retail inventories in very good shape, reflecting strong sell-through and high quality merchandize on shelf. Our growth drove market share gains in the 11 major countries where we have data according to NPD. In Europe, we took over the number two market share position.  For the full year, Hasbro franchise brands’ revenue grew 7% including the impact of currency translation; franchise brand revenues declined 2%. The 7% growth was led by increases in PLAY-DOH, NERF, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY and MY LITTLE PONY. Our investments in innovation, storytelling and execution around the brand blueprint drove profitable revenue gains, while positioning us for future growth.  NERF had a record year, increasing 13%, with new insight driven innovations including NERF Modulus and Rival and growth in Zombie Strike and N-Strike Elite. NERF was the largest brand across Hasbro last year.  For the third year in a row, PLAY-DOHs delivered record revenues increasing 32%. We saw strong growth across all regions including a 49% increase in Latin America. While DOHVINCI contributed to growth in its first full year, we also experienced double-digit gains in Core PLAY-DOH Compounds and Play sets. Growth in MONOPOLY and MAGIC: THE GATHERING, contributed to the 8% increase in the games category absent FX. MAGIC had a very good fourth quarter with the release of Battle for Zendikar which had the strongest start to a set in the brand’s history.  In addition to higher revenues, in our franchise brands and several other Hasbro gaming brands, Pie Face was a clear winner this holiday season and continues to be in high demand at retail. It was recently named toy of the year in the UK. You’ll learn more about the next innovation for Pie Face later this week at Toy Fair.  As expected TRANSFORMERS revenue declined, given the difficult comparison with the 2014 theatrical release. The decrease was at the low end of the traditional range following a movie and benefited from the success of Transformers Robots in Disguise television programing airing in markets around the world. In 2016, the second season of programing will begin airing including on Cartoon Network in the US.  Littlest Pet Shop posted a small revenue decrease, despite growth in the US and Canada segment, as well as in the entertainment and licensing segment. Outside the US, the markets are actively re-launching the brand, and we plan to extend the success we’ve seen in the US globally.  We believe that there is an opportunity to engage girls around a more immersive franchise story, including a new approach to multi-platform entertainment, which we will be unveiling in the future.  MY LITTLE PONY remains a vibrant and growing property. The core MY LITTLE PONY brand did extremely well in 2015 with positive revenue growth in several countries backed by strong point-of-sale and the launch of the new Friendship is Magic collectable segment. MY LITTLE PONY has established itself as a major lifestyle brand, and for 2015 was our top licensed property.  We experience a slowdown in EQUESTRIA GIRLS that offset much of the growth we saw in other areas of the brand. In January 2016, we launched a new Mini Dolls! EQUESTRIA GIRLS line which is off to a very good start.  Overall MY LITTLE PONY brand engagement is very high across all lines of the business. To maintain this momentum we are continuing to invest in multichannel storytelling, while evolving our entertainment strategy to more effectively deliver content. The success of our franchise brands contributed to the 11% revenue growth in our entertainment and licensing segment. Despite a difficult comparison with 2014 Transformers movie, consumer product licensing revenues increased.  Over the past several years, we’ve built a world class consumer products organization. We are driving momentum across several brands including MY LITTLE PONY, TRANSFORMERS and MONOPOLY, delivering cross category statements at retail, while making inroads in emerging markets including China and Thailand.  The entertainment and licensing segment is benefiting from our ongoing investment and storytelling through episodic television programing including a multi-year digital streaming deal.  With the continued growth, the entertainment and licensing segment increased to 6% of total revenues and 11% of operating profit. At a 31% operating profit margin, our ongoing investments are positively contributing to the overall operating margin for Hasbro.  Shifting to our partner brands, several brands delivered strong growth last year. Star Wars fans around the world have embraced The Force Awakens both in theater and in merchandise. Hasbro’s 2015 Star Wars revenue was on par with past movie years. Nearly half of this revenue was recorded in the fourth quarter, given the December 18 movie release.  The next wave of Hasbro Star Wars product is on-shelf today and new product will continue to be available in 2016, supporting both the Spring Home Entertainment window for The Force Awakens as well as the December ’16 release of Rogue One. Given the level of entertainment and the strong global demand we’re seeing, 2016 STAR WARS revenue could be on par with 2015. Earlier in 2015, JURASSIC WORLD and MARVEL’s The Avengers Age of Ultron both established themselves as top grossing films at the global box office. Each property made strong revenue contributions for Hasbro.  In total, our partner brand revenues were slightly higher than our previous expectation and totaled 28% of revenues. Strong STAR WARS results in the fourth quarter were a major contributor to the over performance of these brands. We continue to expect partner brand revenues to be 20% to 25% of total Hasbro revenues. In the near term, this number is expected to be at the higher end of this range.  In 2016, Hasbro’s line of DISNEY PRINCES and DISNEY FROZEN fashion dolls and small dolls became available. These products are already on shelves in the US and rolling our internationally. We shipped a very small amount of product in the fourth quarter, given the timing of retailer plans. Shipments are now ramping up and early consumer indications are positive.  Great partnership with Disney and our global retailers is resulting in a smooth transition with product on-shelf beginning in January. We are closely monitoring inventory at retail to ensure this continues in 2016 as revenues grow and we build greater efficiency and profitability in to this new business.  This growth in our franchise and partner brands portfolio drove growth in every region on a constant dollar basis. The US and Canada segment delivered double digit revenue and operating profit growth. In 2012, we reorganized our US teams and put in place a plan to drive both top and bottom line growth.  Over the past several years this has substantially improved profit leverage and segment operating profit margin. The team has done a tremendous job working with our retail partners to build a robust growing and profitable business. The international segment revenues grew 16% absent FX and emerging markets increased 15%.  We continue to expect modest double-digit growth in the emerging markets going forward. Our regional teams are navigating challenging economic environments, but are successfully driving our brands and positioning Hasbro for profitable growth over the long term.  In closing, 2015 was a very good year for Hasbro. Positive momentum in Hasbro franchise brands and our partner brands positions us to capitalize on the innovation and entertainment our teams are delivering in 2016 and beyond. As Deb will discuss, Hasbro is in a very strong financial position.  We continue to strategically invest in brands and initiatives where we see additional revenue and earnings potential, while returning excess cash to shareholders. This Friday, February 12, is our Annual Toy Fair Investor event. We look forward to seeing you in New York and sharing with you our future brand and business initiatives.  I’d like to now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you Brian and good morning everyone. As Brian mentioned, Hasbro’s financial position is as strong as ever. We have tremendous momentum in our brands and we’re driving profitable growth throughout our business. Our global teams faced an extremely challenging currency environment and delivered successful programs to manage retail, consumer and business demands while improving the profitability of Hasbro.  In 2015, absent FX we grew revenues across all operating segments and major geographic regions as well as in both franchise and partner brands. We delivered cost savings while investing in the future growth of our business. Finally, we generated $552 million in operating cash flow, ending the year with close to $1 billion in cash from the balance sheet. We remain committed to our capital allocation priorities and investing in our business, while returning excess capital to our shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase programs.  Today’s announced 11% dividend increase coupled with $479 million in available share repurchase authorizations enables us to continue on this path. Looking at our segments for the full 2015, revenues in the US and Canada segment increased 10%. Excluding a $14 million negative impact from foreign exchange, segment revenues increased 11%.  Growth in the boys’ Game and Preschool categories more than offset a decline in the girls’ categories more than offset a decline in the girl’s category. Hasbro franchise brand revenue increased 1% behind growth in NERF, PLAY-DOH and MAGIC: THE GATHERING and LITTLEST PET SHOP, which offset the expected decline in TRANSFORMERS.  Partner brands STAR WARS, JURASSIC WORLD, MARVEL and DISNEY’s DESCANDENTS also contributed to the segment’s growth. FURBY revenue was down as expected. US point-of-sale posted double-digit growth in all categories other than girls which declined 2%. Retail inventory was at a very good quality at year-end.  Operating profit in the US and Canada segment increased 29% for the year, reflecting higher revenues, the impact of cost saving activities and a favorable product mix. In the international segment, foreign exchange had a negative $379.4 million impact on revenues. Absent this impact, international segment grew 16% and emerging markets increased approximately 15%.  Including the impact of FX, revenues decreased 3% and emerging market revenues decreased 9%. Internationally, as reported revenues in the boys and preschool increased, but were more than offset by declines in the games and girls categories. Franchise brand revenues declined 6% despite growth in PLAY-DOH, NERF and MONOPOLY.  Additionally, STAR WARS, JURASSIC WORLD, MARVEL and DISNEY’s DESCANDENTS were positive contributors. As expected, FURBY and TRANFORMERS each had a significant revenue decline for the year. Absent FX, operating profit in this segment increased 12%. On a reported basis, operating profit declined 6%, reflecting the negative foreign exchange impact.  Foreign exchange is anticipated to negatively impact 2016 as well. At our current expected 2016 rates, our 2015 revenues would have been approximately $100 million less than what we reported. We anticipate approximately 15% to 20% of this impact will fall to the 2016 operating profit line.  The Entertainment and Licensing segment revenues grew 11%. The segment benefitted from a multi-year digital streaming deal for Hasbro studios’ television programing signed during the first quarter of 2015. In addition, consumer product licensing revenues increased for the year, overcoming a difficult comparison with TRANSFORMERS movie related merchandise and revenues.  Segment operating profit increase 27% and margin grew to 31.4%. We continue to make investments in our consumer products team, digital gaming and storytelling to drive future growth in these higher profit revenue sources.  Turning to overall expenses for Hasbro, growth and royalty bearing entertainment partner revenues and to a lesser extent, the entertainment and licensing segment revenue combined to deliver a favorable product mix. This mix in turn drove lower cost of sales, which were 37.7% in 2015 versus 39.7% in 2014.  In conjunction with the higher partner brand revenue mix, royalties increased to 8.5% of revenues. Combined, cost of sales and royalties decreased approximately 60 basis points year-over-year.  As Brian mentioned, the execution of our strategy and our focus on improved efficiency is creating sustainably higher levels of gross margin for Hasbro. As we look to 2016, as a percent of revenues, we anticipate cost of sales of 38% and royalties lower at 8%.  Operating profit dollars and margin grew year-over-year. Higher revenue and operating expense leverage more than offset investments we are making. As we continue to execute our brand blueprint, we are focusing on fewer brands, expanding our licensing revenues and improving the efficiency of our operations. These changes in our business model are creating more innovative product and higher growth and operating profit margins in our business.  To fully execute our strategy, investments and innovations are paramount to our long-term success. Product development totaled 5.5% of revenues, this includes the investment in or DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN offerings for which revenues commenced in January in a more meaningful way. We’ll also continue to invest in building awareness for our brands.  In 2015, advertising declined to 9.2% of revenues. This decline is primarily due to the higher percent of entertainment backed revenues which traditionally carry less advertising spends. Intangible amortization declined for the year, as some of our assets have been fully amortized.  Program production cost amortization declined slightly to 1% of revenues. Storytelling is an important element of our brand building and we will continue investing in content development for television film and other mediums.  SG&A increased 8% for the year, a number of factors contributed to the growth in expenses. As we outlined in previous calls and in our November investor day, we continue to make strategic investments in our business. This includes investing in the digital platform for MAGIC: THE GATHERING.  This is a multiyear investment program which we believe will expand the potential market for MAGIC over the long term. In addition, our IT expense and depreciation is higher, reflecting our increased investments and improving the efficiency of Hasbro growing forward.  As we outlined in November, these expenses increased in 2015 and will again increase in 2016 and 2017. In 2018, we anticipate they will begin to decline. Compensation expense was also higher reflecting the strength of our results. We are able to expand operating profit while making incremental investments, given the ongoing focus of our teams on managing expenses and the inherent financial advantages of executing our brand blueprint strategy. Turning to our results for [lower] operating profits for the quarter; on an as adjusted basis other income was $2.5 million compared to an expense of 8.5 million last year. The improvement resulted from increased profits associated with our 40% share of the operating income in the Discovery Family channel as well as a lower losses from foreign exchange transactions.  The 2015 underlying tax rate was essentially flat with last year, at 26.4% versus 26.5%. Our 2016 tax rate is anticipated to remain in the range of 26.5% to 27%. This will fluctuate to reflect the geographic mix of profits. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share for the year were $3.51 versus $3.15 in 2014.  Our balance sheet remained strong. Of our nearly $1 billion in cash at year end almost all of it is located outside the US. We returned $310.7 million to shareholders in 2015, $225.8 million in dividends and $84.9 million in share repurchase.  We announced today that the Board has approved an 11% of $0.05 per share increase in the quarterly dividend. The new quarterly dividend rate of $0.51 per share will be payable May 16 to shareholders of record on May 2nd. We will continue returning excess cash to shareholders through our dividend share repurchase program. Receivable at year-end were up 11% and DSOs declined one day to 75 days. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, receivables increased approximately 23% equal to the fourth quarter revenue growth absent FX.  Inventories increased 13% versus last year. Adjusting for a negative foreign exchange impact, inventory increased 24% in line with our growing business and entertainment schedule. Our inventory both at retail and at Hasbro is of high quality, and we are well positioned to meet demand in 2016.  In closing 2015 was an extremely strong year for Hasbro. We continue to make important advances in the execution of our strategy and we invested in strategic initiatives to drive long term shareholder value creation. We have positive momentum in our business and we are well positioned for 2016 and beyond.  We look forward to sharing more with you on Friday at Toy Fair. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question is from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your questions.
Stephanie Wissink: Congratulations on a nice finish to the year. Brian, I’m wondering if you can just talk a little bit more about the sales-to-cost balance. You’ve seen some nice favorable increases in your gross and operating margin, should we continue to expect that trend line throughout the course of the next couple of years. And then as you’re looking at some of the investment spend I think Deb you mentioned a few things that you still have on the docket. How many of those will flow through the P&L versus what would be capitalized on the balance sheet?
Brian Goldner: If you look at our gross and operating margins, we believe that they are sustainable at approximately the 2015 levels, and over time we would hope to continue to expand those. We’ve talked about the points of leverage that we have in our business in order to expand them over time.  Obviously the growth of our franchise brands that enjoy a higher than average operating profit margin, the growth of our entertainment and licensing business which as you saw has a very strong operating margin as well, and then of course as we continue to grow international markets, particularly emerging markets and we get greater economy of scale, those begin to approach the company’s average operating profit margin.  So those three levers broadly will enable us over time to continue to expand operating margins, but we do believe that our operating profit margins and gross margins are at a new place and can remain at this higher level beyond 2015. 
Deb Thomas: And some of the investments that we are making as Brian just mentioned in things like MAGIC: THE GATHERING online, investment in our development process which we expect will lead to future savings in the cost of sales line a couple of years out, and we’ve got the higher level of depreciation coming through.  We expect to see those coming through the P&L for the next ’16 and ’17 and starting to decline in ’18. And we’ll begin to see revenue from some of these activities like MAGIC Online beginning in 2017. So it’s a little bit of a balance, but we expect to see some of those expenses begin to decline by 2018 and we’ll have some charts on depreciation and amortization and some of the details behind that at Toy Fair on Friday. 
Stephanie Wissink: Great. Just one follow-up on the DISNEY PRINCESS business, I think that you had historically quantified that as about 30 to 50 basis points drag. As what you’re seeing in the channel now, are you expecting to arrive at leverage a little bit sooner than you would have initially forecasted or how should we think about that drag rolling offshore over the next 12 months or so. 
Brian Goldner: Yeah Steph, if you think about revenues this year through the first quarter, we’re working through the transition, and for the full year we have some strong expectations, but obviously it’s a transition year. We believe we get more leverage in our business over time in 2017 and ’18. So over time we’ll build more leverage in to that business as we again grow economy of scale and create new innovations in years out. But we’ve not said that we would get all that leverage this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Can you guys talk a little more about your expectations for royalties, 8.5% in 2015? I think you suggested that in terms of mix partner brands would be at the high end of the historical range at least over the near term. Yet you expect royalties as a percentage of sales to be at about 8% in 2016. So just want to get some additional clarity on that. 
Deb Thomas: Hi Drew it’s Deb. I think it’s really just a mix. I mean we have such a strong entertainment driven mix of revenue this year. As our franchise brands continue to grow, we do expect that royalty number to come in closer to our five year average which was around that 8%.  So that’s why as we look forward we believe we’ve got sustainability and our gross margin as our consumers are paying for innovation in our product and we’ve built some cost savings measures in there that we’re realizing now and our royalties will be closer to 8% than 8.5%.  We think this year was just -- given the strength of STAR WARS as well as JURASSIC WORLD and MARVEL they were just higher than we expected they would be. 
Drew Crum: And then Brian can you comment on the performance of MAGIC during the quarter, any quantification in terms of sales growth and any noteworthy changes or variances in terms of the content strategy in ’16 relative to this past year. 
Brian Goldner: Yeah, MAGIC category grew for the full year. It grew very strongly in the fourth quarter; we talked about Battle for Zendikar being the most successful set launch. Just to remind everyone that MAGIC is really story-led, it’s much less responsive to the quarters or holiday seasonality, it’s really about the stories that we’re telling and we think the transition the teams’ taken the brand through this year and how we tell stories is very helpful to the brand as we go forward. So we continue to invest, improve and drive our online business.  As Deb said, we would expect to see some revenues from the new MAGIC Next platform in 2017. But MAGIC is a long term growth driver for us and we’re very happy to have a brand like that also, and we’ll talk more about this on Friday that talks to and appeals to different demographic and psychographic that helps the company to expand our portfolio and deliver value and brands across a number of different demographic. 
Drew Crum: Just one last question from me, are you willing to share with the profitability or margin was for your emerging markets business in 2015. 
Brian Goldner: Emerging markets absent FX grew 15% and operating margin was a little bit lower mostly because of China as we’re investing in that business and then of course impacted by FX.
Deb Thomas: The two of our biggest growth market this year absent FX continue to be Brazil and Russia, both growing over 20% absent FX. But the pressure of FX on those markets when you think the precipitous drop in their currencies that kept going on year along really put a lot of pressure on our emerging market operating profit. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your questions.
Jaime Katz: I have a quick clarification actually, I think you guys had said that FX would be 15% to 20% of 2015 levels if those levels were at current rate. So is that right to think about as 15% to 20% of the 100 million incremental change?
Deb Thomas: Yeah, I think what we are trying to highlight Jaime is that we don’t see the precipitous currency drops that we saw at the end of 2014 and into ’15. So our expectation of what our current rates are, we think they’ll continue to have an impact. Again particularly in countries like Brazil, which continue to have pressure on their currency of about a 100 million to revenue and about 15% to 20% of that would drop through the operating profit. 
Jaime Katz: And then are you willing to comment on advertising, the advertising spend outlook in the year ahead with royalties ticking up a little bit higher, what the offset might be?
Brian Goldner: 2016 and ’17 are both great entertainment years. In fact we’re sitting here today with more visibility, it’s a great entertainment and storytelling both from our own brands and our partners’ brands than ever before. And so we think advertising will remain below the 10% range that we’ve talked about historically. But it would be probably be in a range between where we ended last year and 10%. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your questions.
Taposh Bari: Brian I guess just a color on STAR WARS appreciate the color in terms of contextualizing this year versus past movie years. Last we heard you were expecting a 50-50 mix from episodes between 2015 and 2016, is that still the case? And can you remind us or can you give us an update on how the US mix versus international mix of that property is trending versus the prior movie?
Brian Goldner: Sure. So what we talked about was that in 2015 STAR WARS performed like a movie year, like other movie year, so it was very strong for us. And we also believed that STAR WARS can be equal in 2016 obviously rolling through the Force Awakens home entertainment window and then in to Rogue One. So we believe similar revenues.  And I was looking at some of the detail of STAR WARS, and I think it’s rather interesting that prior to the movie release or if you take the full year numbers for STAR WARS, the US and Canada segment if you will, 56% revenues and international was 44%. However, if you look at the fourth quarter or more of the movie related revenues, the international segment revenues as a percent go to 54% and the US is 46%.  So what we’ve said all along is that, as the brand benefits from more entertainment and benefits from more global movie releases that we would see a growth in that footprint, the global footprint of the brand, and we are in fact seeing that. 
Taposh Bari: Great, that’s helpful. And then just the other question I had was on capital allocations and M&A in particular. Can you just remind us what your criteria are for M&A as you think about acquisitions, and what your appetite in terms of making a transformational deal? 
Brian Goldner: We are focused on executing our brand blueprint strategy. We obviously have looked from time to time at opportunities to help us round that out to build our capabilities and we’ve spent the last 10 years doing that. So acquisitions like 70% of Backflip, our joint venture with the television network that’s continuing to improve its financial position, and we continue to remain open to ideas that enhance our strategic brand blueprint and the strategy that we’re executing.  But we are very focused on executing our own strategy and really focusing in on how we build our business overtime. We have great brands in our portfolio and believe there’s lots of headroom for growth in our franchise brands and you’ll also see us introducing some new brands out of the box and new original brands over the next couple of years.  So we think we are well positioned from a brand standpoint, but we do remain open to add on acquisitions that would help to enhance the strategic platform that we are running our brand blueprint strategy. 
Deb Thomas: From a capital standpoint, we also remain committed to returning our excess cash to our shareholders, and indeed we’re very pleased that our Board voted and we are able to report today an 11% increase in our dividends, because we do remain very committed to getting excess cash back to our shareholders. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Felicia Hendrix, Barclays. Please proceed with your questions. 
Felicia Hendrix: Brian if you could just go back to STAR WARS for a second because I just want to make sure I’m understanding what you’re saying correctly. You said STAR WARS was on par with prior years, so according to our notes that’s depending on how far back you look, somewhere between 500 million and 600 million and then you said half of that was in 2015. So I’m just wondering when you think about the kind of blend in 2015 and 2016 together is that what’s equating to the 500 million to 600 million or should be looking at the total and spreading it up. Just a little confusing to me thanks. 
Deb Thomas: What I was saying is that, just to give you a sense on an annual basis that STAR WARS for us in 2015 for the full year was comparable to prior movie years, and I might point to years like 2005 for example. And I was talking about the fact that if you took the full year number, you would see that the US was more represented in terms of the sale.  So said differently, sales before the launch of the film were more oriented towards the US segment and less in international and as the movie entered the market in the fourth quarter, we talked about how the fourth quarter was about half of the total years revenues and that was more internationally oriented at about 54% versus the 46% for the US.  We’re also seeing in 2015 Hasbro’s market share of STAR WARS growth fairly dramatically, because people are really responding to the innovation that we’ve brought to the product lines, to our role play which we’re selling incredibly well all lightsabers of different kinds including Kylo Ren’s lighsaber and then of course 3 and 3.25 inch scale action figure and of course our black series.  Those are some of our top sellers and we’re rolling out new product and already have for 2016. We’ll continue to roll out new product throughout 2016 and we’ll make a transition more towards Rogue One for the back half of 2016, given the December movie release for Rogue One. And we do believe that 2016 can be comparable size to 2015. 
Felicia Hendrix: Deb just quickly, can you help us; I know it’s such a moving target, but you’ve given us some FX guidance in the past. Can you help us to think this through for 2016? You might have said that I might have missed it. 
Deb Thomas: Sure. We’re thinking that based on our current expected rates, we would have about $100 million negative impact to 2015 revenue, if you just apply those same rates with about 15% to 20% of that flowing through your operating profit. So that’s significant impact than 2015 versus 2014. 
Felicia Hendrix: And then you guys beat EPS nicely, but if you look at the reconciliation in your release your EBITDA seems to have come in lighter than consensus EBITDA. So I was just wondering how to reconcile that?
Brian Goldner: EBITDA was in line with consensus, $856 million.
Felicia Hendrix: For the quarter? 
Deb Thomas: I know we were actually pleased with our results for the quarter and for the year. So given our expectations they were in line. 
Brian Goldner: I think as we think about building our business, we really do think more annual and over three year basis than in any given --
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, but there wouldn’t be like a strain like a line item or something that would make that difference right because you beat on earnings, I mean in fact it’s EBIT. 
Deb Thomas: Fair enough. Not that we aware. 
Felicia Hendrix: Final question just on SG&A, looks like it grew 18% year-over-year in the quarter. So just wondering how we should think about SG&A in 2016.
Deb Thomas: On a full year basis we said we’ve got a couple of these investments which I indicated earlier we’ll outline a bit more on Friday at our meeting at Toy Fair. But a quite a few more of these investments that are continuing for the next few years before we start to see the revenue from it and that includes depreciation which is going to ramp down coming in ’18 from the new systems that we’ve put in. So we’ll highlight more of that and any other items that impact us of significance in SG&A line with compensation because of the performance of the year. But we’ll outline more about that on Friday.
Felicia Hendrix: Would you say that compensation accounted for most of the year-over-year increase in this quarter?
Deb Thomas: I would have to go back and look at the quarter, however again on a full year basis; we are in line from a percent of revenue standpoint of where we thought we would be at the beginning of the year. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Deb, what if you could walk through, sort of the puts and takes we might see in the entertainment and licensing business in 2016 and how it differs in ’15. In the first quarter I’m assuming you’re not going to have the Netflix bump, but sort of like-for-like how we might at the two years. 
Deb Thomas: That’s very good that you picked up on that Eric, because you know it’s like my favorite term and I get teased about it a bit, but it is a bit lumpy in that business because of that. And I believe having the Netflix in the first quarter would have an impact. However, we continue to invest in that business and we saw good growth not just in the studio and Netflix business but in our consumer product licensing business. And the strength of our brands and the licensing is much more stable than that entertainment driven revenue, or those large deals that you can see from time to time.  So overall, one of the reasons why we’ve expanded our operating profit is because of the expansion in our entertainment and licensing business, and we continue to invest in that business for the long term because we see not just the revenue growth but the operating profit expansion opportunities for the company as a whole. 
Brian Goldner: And on Friday we’ll outline for you as well our efforts particularly in digital gaming. We’re going to talk about some of the new titles that are around Hasbro brands coming from Blackfoot Studios as well as some of the other gaming efforts and that’s all resident in that segment as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your questions.
Tim Conder: A couple here, any quantification Brian that you can give us on NERF, again that was your largest revenue producer, just any type of quantification there? And then as it relates to DISNEY PRINCESS, was a little bit of this faster than anticipated.  Again you just touched on it a little bit earlier here, the international shipment that you did in Q4 it seemed like at the analyst meeting in November that you said, hey we are going to let the channel clear and the material shipments would start in Q2; so any additional color there?  And then finally the capital allocation question here. You guys have executed well on the strategy over the last several years, cash flow is good and you gave a very good outline here with the partner businesses staying sustainable and then what you’re doing on the licensing and your own brands.  Can that operating cash flow number of approximating 500 million, should that expand in the not too distant future, given the visibility and sustainability?
Deb Thomas: As we look at our cash flow number, we will talk about more about that on Friday. So we look forward to seeing you then and talking more about that then. With respect to the DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN business, we began very small shipments in the fourth quarter. I think we did talk about DISNEY’s DESCENDANTS being a good contributor to 2015, however we have been working very closely with Disney and our retail partners to ensure the channel’s in good shape for everyone and our expectation is, we’ll begin to ship that in a more meaningful way in 2016. But we only had very small shipments in 2015. 
Brian Goldner: In the first quarter we’ll work through the transition on PRINCESS. So we will be shipping PRINCESS product and you’re starting to see displays up and rolling the product out around the world and we’re very happy with the transition in working with Disney and our retailers, they’ve been incredibly supportive and we’re seeing some good early indications of how a product is selling, its selling quite well.  And then if we talk about NERF, the brand was up both in the quarter as well as full year double digits, and the sell-through was very strong and it’s really around Modulus around N-Strike and around Zombie Striker, as kind of the top performers for the years and then of course NERF Rival which is launched in a couple of countries in the world that are out in a few more as we move forward that more. This is a little bit more of the paintball like paint play pattern that we’re rolling out in markets around the world.  So again the brand is our top brand at the company, and we just wanted to give that perspective because as we had created the franchise brand strategy many years ago, we believe that those brands were capable of growing to first hundreds of millions of dollars and then overtime even larger and NERF and PLAY-DOH are great examples of brands that have grown significantly over the last few years and they are among the top brands of the company.
Tim Conder: Still clearly over double digit percent of revenues this -.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, double digit percent of revenues. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital. Please go ahead with your questions. 
Gerrick Johnson: In the past you weren’t shy about giving us the actual Star Wars revenue numbers, so maybe you can give us that as oppose to close to what it used to be. NERF just clarification, is that your largest owned brand or is it the largest brand in the portfolio if you include partner brands. And then lastly on entertainment and licensing, I think you commented that MY LITTLE PONY is your biggest licensed brand. So is that the largest contributor to entertainment and licensing revenue and what’s the percentage of the total there?
Brian Goldner: On Star Wars I think I gave some pretty good guidance that Star Wars was very similar to 2005 last movie year. We used to give out specific percentages of revenues for a whole host of reasons; we’d no longer feel that that’s specifically required. So I’d rather just give you some guidance up against the prior movie or NERF.  It is the largest brand that has brought if you include all brands including franchise and partner brands, every brand. It’s the largest brand in our portfolio. 
Gerrick Johnson: And MY LITTLE PONY entertainment?
Brian Goldner: On MY LITTLE PONY we’re talking about the licensing income. So this is within the entertainment and licensing segment our new rebranded team consumer product personnel generated the largest amount of revenues from MY LITTLE PONY business up significantly versus a year ago and that’s what we were referring to and no I’m not going to give you a percent as it relates to E&L.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Chartier with Monness Crespi Hardt. Please go ahead with your question.
Jim Chartier: I just want to talk about the segment operating margins, yes indeed a really good progress in North America over the last couple of years and recognized that international’s been impacting by FX. A couple of years ago at International’s pretty similar to North America. Can you bridge the gap between international and North America at current exchange rates? Is the North America margin sustainable and what would the drivers be with getting international closer to North America? 
Brian Goldner: We made changes in our North American operation back in 2012 and reorganized that business in working with our retail partners. We believe that North American profitability is now at a new level and it’s relatively sustainable. Obviously there’ll be ups and downs overtime by bits, but overtime it can also grow as we continue to leverage our brands.  International is just impacted by FX and may be Deb you want to talk absent FX where arte those margins because they are very healthy margins absent FX.
Deb Thomas: Yeah, absolutely. Every one of our components of our International segment were up absent FX, and operating profit was also negatively impacted because of the FX impact. But again, so much of this year in the segments as well, product mix had a big impact on operating profit for the segment as well as the cost savings and we continue to get cost savings through ongoing initiatives.  As you know, we had a $100 million cost saving initiative a few years back which we completed in 2015, but ongoing cost savings has always been a part of our business, and many of the things you’ve seen us invest and then are running through some of the lines like product development and then SG&A are ongoing investments to further decrease cost throughout our business including in our international segment.
Jim Chartier: In the past, international’s been about 300 basis points lower than North America, now it’s over 600 basis points lower. Again if FX break-stay where they are do you believe you can get that margin close to 300 basis points differential in the future. 
Deb Thomas: Well we continue to make investments in the business to really reflect things in the currencies and to take cost out of the business of where we are actually incurring our revenues. So overtime, our expectation is that you’ll see more of our margins in the different operating segments come closer to each other.  Now if you think about international, you’re in a lot of different markets though. So just by their own nature they’re going to have slightly administrative expenses. So will they ever be 100% the same? I don’t know. But they’ll move closer overtime based on all the initiatives are undertaken in the company. 
Brian Goldner: We’ve seen some great growth in several of the emerging markets we talked about, north of 20% growth in Russia and Brazil. In China this past year, our largest brand in China continues to be TRANSFORMERS, so you’re up against the movie here. I think that has more of a temporal impact in the year and overtime  I would expect the trends that we’ve seen in our emerging market business and profitability to continue continued improvement for the company average operating profit margin. And as Deb said, there’s some puts and takes overtime as we continue to expand our capabilities, but we’re [trending][ph], right. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lee Giardano with CRT. Please go ahead with your question.
Lee Giardano: Can you talk a little more about your expectations for Transformers and how the content cycle for that brand looks in the coming years?
Brian Goldner: The brand performed very well for us in a non-movie year coming off of 2014’s movie, it was down much less than one expects. We’ve talked a lot about what brands do in the years following movies and TRANSFORMERS really bucked that trend for the full year being down about one-third versus typical more closer to 50%. So the television and other entertainment has really helped to support the brand and help drive our brand globally, and I’ll give you some more color on our entertainment plans, what’s coming out of the writers room and plans for Transformers, theatrically by Friday. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] If there are no other additional questions at this time, I will turn it back to Ms. Debbie Hancock for closing remarks. 
Debbie Hancock: Thank you Rob and thank you everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management’s prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our investor event at Toy Fair is been held this Friday February 12, and our first quarter 2016 earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Monday, April 18. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference, you may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - VP, Investor Relations Brian Goldner - Chairman, President and CEO Deb Thomas - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Sean McGowan - Oppenheimer and Company Steph Wissink - Piper Jaffray Eric Handler - MKM Partners Lee Giardano - Sterne, Agee Jaime Katz - Morningstar Drew Crum - Stifel Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Hasbro's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our third quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Today's discussion will exclude from the third quarter 2015 a pretax gain of $9.9 million or $0.06 per share from the sale of manufacturing operations and from last year’s third quarter a pretax charge of $11.6 million or $0.06 per diluted share related to the restructuring of the company’s investment in its television joint venture. Both are being excluded as they do not speak to the underlying performance of Hasbro. A reconciliation to reported amounts is included in the earnings release and presentation accompanying this call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities, plans and strategies, the potential impact of foreign exchange translation, costs, our financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q and today's press release, and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The execution of our brand blueprint is delivering underlying growth across brands and geographies. As evidenced by our gains in market share and consumer takeaway this year, our teams are successfully creating the world's best play experiences for consumers around the world, despite the challenging currency environment. Underlying revenues grew 9%, but the growth was offset by a negative $132 million impact from foreign exchange. The strength of consumer demand was evident across our segments. The U.S. and Canada segment increased 6% and the international segment grew 14%, both excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange. The emerging markets continued to post double-digit growth absent FX. While the economic environments in these markets are challenging, we continue to believe in the growth opportunity in the strategically important countries over both the short and long-term. Consumer demand for our brands has remained very strong throughout 2015, with many emerging and developed markets, including the U.S., U.K. and Germany posting double-digit point-of-sale gains this quarter. This demand was evident across categories. In the U.S. and U.K. point-of-sale increased double digits in the Boys, Games, Girls and Preschool categories. In several countries point-of-sale also grew in all four categories. Retail inventories are well-positioned to support demand for the holiday season, with increases in inventory focused on new initiatives and growing brands. We continued to see strong demand for Hasbro brands. Absent foreign exchange, Hasbro Franchise brands increased 4% in the third quarter, with NERF, PLAY-DOH and MONOPOLY posting the largest revenue increases. Over the first nine months of the year, Franchise brands were up 8% absent FX. TRANSFORMERS was down given the difficult comparison and LITTLEST PET SHOP was flat, despite growth in the U.S. The other five Franchise brands each reported growth in constant currency in the nine months period. NERF is having another outstanding year, with strong innovation driving the core, as well as new initiatives, including NERF Modulus and Rival both off to a strong start. PLAY-DOH's creative play continues to appeal to global consumers. We celebrated the first ever World PLAY-DOH Day on September the 16th and we are supporting new fall initiatives, including Crazy Cuts and Cupcake celebration. The growth in these brands helped offset the decline in TRANSFORMERS. Last year the brand benefited from the TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION film. We continue to plan the future of TRANSFORMERS Franchise in all forms of entertainment, including movies, television and digital expressions. TRANSFORMERS: Robots in Disguise is airing on Cartoon Network in the U.S. and many international markets and TRANSFORMERS: RESCUE BOTS is also airing on networks around the world. Last quarter we spoke with you about the incredibly talented group of writers led by Akiva Goldsman, who were charged with plotting out the next 10 years and beyond of theatrical story telling around TRANSFORMERS. While Paramount has yet to formally announce our next film, we are excited about the vast potential of the work, which came out of the writers’ room. MY LITTLE PONY demand remained strong around the world, with positive point-of-sale trends for MY LITTLE PONY Friendship is Magic! products and a new PLAYSKOOL FRIENDS line for preschoolers. The Equestria Girls: Friendship Games entertainment premiered last month on Discovery Family with good ratings that beat last year's Rainbow Rocks special in several key demographics. MAGIC ORIGINS was released in the quarter and was the biggest summer set release in MAGIC: THE GATHERING’s history. In addition in September, the global prerelease for the Battle of Zendikar set previewed at thousands of core Hobby Stores around the globe and was the best attended pre-release in MAGIC’s 22-year history. Adjusted for the negative impact of foreign exchange, MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues have increased over the first nine months of the year versus last year. Demand and interest are at all-time highs and we continue to invest to unlock the full potential of the brand. In addition to our franchise brands, 2015 is an impressive year for our partner brands with multiple global box office successes this year already and one major film yet to come. Force Friday was held on September, the 4th and marked the global retail launch of Star Wars: The Force Awakens product. Fans around the world turned out and Hasbro played a major role in this unprecedented event from the global unboxings of product to record-setting midnight madness events at retail. The franchise is as vibrant as ever, spanning demographics and bringing in new consumers. Star Wars has the potential to become increasingly global, much as Marvel has become as part of the Walt Disney Company. Retailers and consumers have been very supportive of Hasbro Star Wars: The Force Awakens line and consumer takeaway is off to a strong start. Hasbro's Black Series action figures and multiple lightsabers are on the top of consumers buying lists. During Force Friday week, according to NPD, action figures and role-play were 42% of the dollars spent in the U.S. Hasbro's Black Series figures were the top-selling Star Wars item for that week in the U.S. Total Hasbro Star Wars retail sales to date through September 26 have significantly outpaced the total Star Wars retail dollar growth in the U.S. and the U.K. Of note, these are the only two markets where we have early data. The December 18th premiere of the film is still two months away and new Star Wars items from Hasbro will continue to hit retail shelves for the remainder of the year and throughout 2016. In addition to Star Wars, the Marvel brand is performing very well this year and in the quarter, we benefited from initial shipments of Playmation Marvel's Avengers. Jurassic World also continued to contribute to year-over-year growth. The third quarter also marked the on shelf date for Disney's Descendents. Descendents premiered July 31st on Disney Channel in the U.S. and Canada and we will continue to roll out around the globe this fall. Point-of-sale has been strong for the launch. During the quarter, we completed the sale of our East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland manufacturing operations to Cartamundi. While this provided a small gain in the quarter, importantly it secured a valued manufacturing partner for our gaming efforts. Going forward, our team’s expertise will be focused on building global gaming brands. We have a robust games program for the holiday, including a number of new initiatives. MONOPOLY Here & Now features all new properties voted on by fans this spring and Internet sensation Pie Face is launching globally and off to a strong start in all major markets. We also have a number of entertainment led games, including games based on Minions, Marvel's Avengers, Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and Disney's Frozen. Games category revenues absent foreign exchange were essentially flat in the quarter and increased 3% year-to-date. Consumer demand has been strong and point-of-sale trends are up double digits in several markets. Our retail merchandising approach this holiday is more closely aligned with the timing of consumer demand. As a result, shipments have shifted later in the year. In 2015, we are operating in a challenging and competitive marketplace. Succeeding in today's environment requires not only great brands but a stronger and more complex than ever connection with the consumer. Our global teams are navigating a year with unprecedented currency challenges, a dynamic demand environment and one of the most diverse brand portfolios in entertainment slates we've ever supported. As a result, this holiday season we're delivering tremendous innovation, engaging with consumers across mediums and telling compelling stories around the world. Later this week, in partnership with Universal, is the theatrical premiere of JEM & the Holograms. Through this live action film and a trend-right licensing program focused on fashion and beauty, a whole new generation of fans will be introduced to JEM. We continue to incubate and develop new brands such as JEM in addition to the further development of our franchise and partner brands. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Over the first three quarters of the year, we drove growth in constant currency across brands and geographies, good profitability and strong cash generation, despite the challenging economic environment in a number of our international markets. Year-to-date, foreign exchange has negatively impacted revenues by $266 million and operating profit by $62 million, and we expect it will continue to be a difficult comparison going forward. In the third quarter alone, foreign exchange impacted revenues by a negative $132 million and operating profit by a negative $33 million. Approximately, 18% of the topline impact fell to net earnings in the quarter. Pricing and hedging programs helped offset some of this negative impact. Even with this challenge, we’ve generated $497 million in cash over the past 12 months and ended the quarter with $551 million of cash on the balance sheet. While underlying profitability has grown, we continued to strategically invest in growing our brands and improving the efficiency of Hasbro, while returning excess cash to shareholders. Through the first nine months of the year, we returned $241 million through our dividend and share repurchase program. Looking at our segments for the third quarter, revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 5%. Growth in the Boys and Preschool categories more than offset a decline in the Games and Girls categories. Growth in Franchise Brands NERF, PLAY-DOH, and LITTLEST PET SHOP along with shipments of STAR WARS, JURASSIC WORLD and DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS more than offset declines in TRANSFORMERS, FURREAL FRIENDS and FURBY. Consumer demand in the U.S. remained strong, with point-of-sale increasing double digits across all product categories. Given the departure of Target in the region, Canada point-of-sale was negative. Additionally, foreign exchange had a 1% negative impact on the segment revenue for the quarter. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 10% to 23.3% of revenues. Higher revenues more than offset higher expenses, including our continuing investment in MAGIC: THE GATHERING ONLINE. International segment reported revenues declined 6%. Growth in the Boys and Preschool categories was more than offset by declines in the Games and Girls categories. Franchise Brands PLAY-DOH, NERF and MONOPOLY along with Partner Brands STAR WARS, JURASSIC WORLD and DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS, were positive contributors to the quarter. These gains were more than offset by declines in a number of brands including TRANSFORMERS, FURBY, MY LITTLE PONY and LITTLEST PET SHOP. Absent a negative $126.7 million impact of foreign exchange, International segment revenues grew 14% and the emerging markets grew approximately 12%. $74.4 million of the foreign exchange impact was in Europe, $44 million in Latin America and $8 million in Asia Pacific. Absent FX, revenues in Europe grew 15%, Latin America increased 14% and Asia Pacific was up 9%. Reported operating profit in the International segment declined 2% versus the 6% decline in revenues, but increased to 18.6% of revenues. Absent foreign exchange, operating profit increased 14%. Finally, revenues in the Entertainment and Licensing segment were down 2% versus 2014. The decline in revenue was primarily driven by lower TRANSFORMERS revenues in the segment the year after the movie. Operating profit increased to $16.2 million. Intangible amortization was lower as certain digital gaming rights were fully amortized in the second quarter of 2015. In addition, last year operating profit was negatively impacted by the acceleration of certain programming amortization costs. Turning the overall expenses for Hasbro, as anticipated cost of sales in the third quarter was favorably impacted by product mix. In particular higher margin royalty bearing product revenues. In total, cost of sales declined to 39.4% of revenues versus 41% in 2014. Pricing and favorable hedges have helped us offset the impact of currency in the first nine months of the year. Product mix also drove higher royalties, which grew to 7.7% of revenues for the quarter and for the first nine months of the year. On a combined basis, cost of sales and royalties were slightly more favorable than last year, as the improvement in cost of sales was nearly entirely offset by higher royalties. As we stated last quarter, we expect this trend of lower cost of sales and higher royalty expense to continue for the remainder of the year. Product development increased from last year to 4.4% of revenues, reflecting our investment in the Disney Princess and Frozen properties ahead of our 2016 launch. We continue to expect full year 2015 product development to be slightly above 5.5% of revenue. Advertising declined to 9.7% of revenues, reflecting the entertainment-backed mix of revenue in the quarter. Intangible amortization declined $3.8 million. In the second quarter 2015, we recorded the final quarter of amortization associated with digital gaming rights we reacquired in 2005 and 2007. We anticipate full year amortization will be approximately $44 million. SG&A increased 3% in the quarter to 17% of revenues. This increase continued to be the result of higher equity compensation, higher depreciation and continued investments in our business, including new systems and The Magic: The Gathering digital platform. These increases were partially offset by favorable foreign exchange. We continue to believe that SG&A will be higher in 2015 versus last year. Through the first nine months, SG&A on an adjusted basis has total 22.5% of revenues versus 21.6% in 2014. Turning to results below operating profit, on an adjusted basis, other expense for the quarter was $1.7 million, compared to $4.2 million in 2014. Increased profitability in our 40% share of the operating income from the Discovery Family Channel was the primary driver of the year-over-year improvement. On a reported basis, $6.8 million of the gain from the sale of our manufacturing operations was recorded in this line during the third quarter, whereas an expense of $12.9 million was recorded last third quarter associated with the restructuring of the investment in our joint venture television network. The third quarter underlying tax rate was 27.2% versus 27.8% in 2014. We expect our full-year underlying tax rate to be in the range of 26.5% to 27.5%, reflecting continued higher anticipated earnings in the U.S. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $1.58 versus $1.46 in 2014. We returned $83.5 million to shareholders in the quarter, $57.5 million in dividends and $26 million in share repurchases. Receivable at quarter end were up 6% and DSOs were 85 days, up five days from last year. In addition to a DSO increase from greater revenue and markets with longer-terms, two days of the DSO increased were due to a delay in the timing of collections in our U.S. Direct Import business. Much of this has now been collected and we do not expect this to occur again in the fourth quarter. Our accounts receivable are of good quality, with 94% at the end of the quarter currently are not yet due for payments, compared to 96% a year ago. Inventory decreased $52 million versus last year. Excluding the impact of the sale of our manufacturing operations and the impact of foreign exchange, inventories were up approximately $34 million. With the inventory on-hand at Hasbro and at retail, we are well-positioned to meet anticipated demand for the upcoming holiday season, while managing our inventory risk. The first nine months of the year have set us up well for the holiday season. We have momentum in our brands, a robust entertainment slate and a number of new holiday initiatives to drive our business around the world. We are also making the necessary investments to continue the execution of our strategy and to build the competencies we need as an organization to continue profitably growing our business over the long-term. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Taposh Bari: Hey, everybody. Good morning and congrats on a well-executed quarter.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Taposh Bari: Brian, good morning. I wanted to ask you, Brian, first about just review on the Toy industry as we head into holiday, seems like the data industry-wide is very healthy this year against the pretty benign consumer backdrop. So, hoping to get your view on what you think is driving that outside of the slate, obviously, that’s being a big driver. How you think retailers are positioned on the category, are they increasing shelf space? And finally, what the role of e-commerce is playing and how that’s evolving within your business?
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So, first of all, you are right, the trends that we see and the data that we have would indicate that the Toy industry year-to-date is up high-single digits, and we see that as boding well as we get into the holiday season and continues our trends. Our POS across the board is particularly strong up double digits in most markets that we operate in, high-single digits in a few places and in the U.S. across categories is up significant double digits in every category of our business. What we’re really seeing from a retailer standpoint is that space at retail is increasing, our space is increasing, and they are very focused on the major brand initiatives that we have both franchise brands and partner brands for the holiday season. And while we see significant pace of growth at brick retailers and omnichannel retailing and online we are seeing growth that's 2 to 3 times that rate in terms of growth. So a very significant growth rates in the online space and the omnichannel space and all retailers are participating in that growth to some degree. And so I would say overall we continue to feel like the consumer is finding our products and our brands, and that that there's a lot of currency effects that are happening at this time, and obviously, different macroeconomic issues in some of the emerging markets, but if you strip out what’s going on there and take out FX, we are growing double digits in the emerging markets both in the quarter and year-to-date. So we continue to believe that those markets play a essential role in our growth and we are seeing again underlying profitability increase in those markets as well. So I'd say, overall, we feel that industry is seeing growth and that we are participating in that growth. And finally, our market shares in 10 of our 11 markets have grown year-to-date with only one market being slightly on par with the industry growth, which is fairly robust so far year-to-date, that’s Mexico. But everywhere else where we get market share data we are growing.
Taposh Bari: Good to see. And just a quick follow-up on the Girl segment, I guess, there are 2 -- it seems like there were 2 points of decline there, FURBY, which has been the case for a while now, MY LITTLE PONY. So can you just elaborate on those points, FURBY, how much longer are we going to see pressure out of that brand. And MY LITTLE PONY, if you can just elaborate on revenue decline there? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. I’ll give you a perspective on FURBY. It was a very big brand for us last year. In fact, Q3 last year sales in dollars was bigger than the first two quarters and represented about 37% of 2014’s revenues. Fourth quarter of 2014 FURBY’s revenues were 31% at the full year. So we’re going to see those headwinds through the end of the year. So it was very significant dollars. In Q3, we’re happy to see that our gross POS is up double digits. In MY LITTLE PONY, the core MY LITTLE PONY business, the pony’s part of the business, Friendship is MAGIC is up in the quarter and MY LITTLE PONY year-to-date is up a bit. It’s really in the timing of EQUESTRIA GIRLS. The special went on the air in September 17th and the translation and placement of that special are happening throughout the fourth quarter in many markets around the world. I think in many ways it sort of reinforces our belief that programming support that’s over the full calendar year is essential as you look at content storytelling and that it's a little more challenging to put out a one-time per year special, although we do have lots of streaming short videos and other elements to support the EQUESTRIA GIRLS product line. It does impact our timing on that -- on that part of the business certainly.
Taposh Bari: Hey good luck this holiday.
Brian Goldner: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean McGowan with Oppenheimer and Company. Please proceed with your questions.
Sean McGowan: Thank you. I've a couple if I can. Can you quantify in greater detail how much of the negative impact of currency you were able to offset through the hedging and what's your outlook for that as a benefit going forward?
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Sean.
Sean McGowan: Good morning.
Deb Thomas: From a hedging standpoint, we did say we were able to -- you know between pricing and hedging of our product, able to offset some of the foreign exchange impact while -- which is why we only had about 18%, kind of, fall to the bottomline. We do remain well hedged for the rest of this year as we had talked about. We hedged to protect our pricing and we’re hedged about the same level as we were at the end of last year. So we expect to continue to have solid hedges to allow us to keep our pricing where it is, where there is obviously good consumer demand for it out there in the marketplace.
Sean McGowan: Thank you. Curious about some something that kind of echoes what Mattel was talking about last week and that is that in a couple of properties and in your case perhaps more than a couple of properties, you are seeing very strong POS and yet the declines in shipments. So what do you think the retailers are thinking, are they putting off taking deliveries and do that increase the risk in the fourth quarter?
Brian Goldner: No, we’re really seeing our -- several of our brands have grown in the quarter. A few of the brands are restaged to be a bit later in the year. Also I think you're just seeing the impact of foreign exchange on some of the shipments. And so for example, Games, if you take absent FX Games are flat in the quarter and up low single digits year-to-date that's not what’s indicative of of the underlying or as reported results. I think as we look brands like NERF were up significantly, PLAY-DOH in the quarter up significantly, MONOPOLY and several of our games up. So I think it's a matter of certain brands being staged starting the third and going into the fourth quarter and other brands being staged closer to the fourth quarter. Many of our games initiatives really come out into the fourth quarter, more consistent with the timing of consumption of the games. Several of our Girls initiatives happen a little bit later because of the price points like StarLily within FURREAL FRIENDS, which is a higher priced item and more consistent with being a holiday item. And as we continue to make improvements in the supply chain and work with our retailers, I do think that we’re able to deliver more just-in-time inventory against the greater growth in linear feet and it’s probably our capability and partly their desire to have product that hits more closely aligned with the holiday season.
Sean McGowan: Okay. Thank you. I’ve some quick ones to conclude. Was Magic up in the third quarter? And finally Deb can you give us a guidance on the full year expectation for program cost to amortization, is that still expected to be in line with last year’s level?
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So, MAGIC, year-to-date was down a bit in the third quarter. And I think one of the things we will continue to talk about with our analyst community and our own constituencies is the fact that MAGIC is really focused around storytelling. And so what we are going to see as I look out over the near and medium-term future is some up-and-down quarters that are more about the storytelling that's being done in any particular time rather than some of the seasonality because as we know that MAGIC really doesn't abide by the same similar seasonality than rest of our business. So, year-to-date up a bit, in the quarter down a bit but again, we've seen very robust takeaway during the quarter, lots of pre-release activity, lots of interest in the brand, total number of gamers and players up. And so I think it's just a matter of when the storytelling’s hitting and then, of course as you remember, so much of that business is done outside our traditional channels of retail, more in the traditional Hobby Stores. And the number of Hobby Stores that are carrying MAGIC: THE GATHERING has actually increased year-on-year as have our tournament. So, I just think it’s a matter of starting to frame that conversation, more about the release schedule and the storytelling versus that expectation that we should see acceleration only based on seasonality.
Sean McGowan: Okay. Thanks.
Deb Thomas: And as far as the program production amortization, we continue to expect it to be around like 1-ish percent of revenue.
Sean McGowan: Okay. For the full year?
Deb Thomas: For the full year, yes.
Sean McGowan: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Brian Goldner: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steph Wissink, Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Congratulations on a good quarter. Our question really relates specifically to Star Wards brand. I’m curious if you can just talk a little bit about the quarter. How that performed relative to your plan and any initial insights from the sales mix? And then just secondly, we are observing some rebalancing within the category post Force Friday. It seems like action figures are actually gaining a bit more space on the shelves. I’m curious if that’s also how you had planned the business. You had guided maybe a bit of incremental surprise to the upside with respect to how the POS looked coming out of Force Friday. Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Steph, good morning. If you look at the Star Wars business, clearly, we performed quite well during Force Friday. We talked about the numbers of both action figures and role-play being 42% of the business. Up till September 28, where we have data and we only have data for two markets, early data which we work with NPD to get and that was in the U.S. and U.K. Our business is actually ahead of the retail sales increases we are seeing overall in Star Wars. And I would say, overall, Star Wars is at the high-end of our range of expectation for revenues this year. So, we had a range of expectations and Star Wars is performing at the high end of that range. It's incredibly encouraging. We're seeing great rates of sale, but I would also add that contributing to our boys business and sometimes lost in the array of entertainment initiatives that are certainly supporting our business, Nerf is having an outstanding year and was up significant double digits in the quarter and year-to-date. And we are seeing great growth there both in the core Nerf business as well, a lot of our new initiatives like Modulus and Nerf Rival. So it's a great balance between some of our partner brands like Star Wars. Year-to-date, Marvel is really contributing, both year-to-date and in the quarter, Jurassic World is contributing. So again, it's strength to strength between our own franchise brand as well as our partner brands.
Steph Wissink: Thank you. Then just one follow-up, Brian, if you could talk a little bit about the Disney Princess business. You will receive that license early next year. How should we think about the flow of product into the channel over the course of the first 12 months of that license?
Brian Goldner: Well, there will be a transition period, certainly in the first quarter of next year as other product sells out and through. There is a period where that can occur and then we will be shipping in, so I imagine in the first quarter, we will have a transition period in working with our retailers to make that as streamline as possible and as efficient as possible. But I certainly believe there will be a transition period. And then beyond that, the innovation that we’ve put into the product line, the partnership we have with the Walt Disney Company and our response from global retailers has been outstanding. So, I think longer term, the brand is well poised to perform exceedingly well and probably better than it has historically.
Steph Wissink: Thanks for the added color. Best of luck
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler, MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Yes. Thanks a lot. So, with MAGIC: THE GATHERING it seems like there's been a lot of television advertising not just with Hearthstone but other card battling storyline type games other than the videogame side. Is that causing you to rethink and if you’re marketing promotions or how you rollout the MAGIC product? And then secondly with TRANSFORMERS, tell me if I’m wrong but it just seems from an observation standpoint, the shelf space for TRANSFORMERS has been shrinking or seeing for us fewer SKUs. I’m just curious to think, get your opinion on how that products evolution will take place over the next couple of years and not at least in non-movie years?
Brian Goldner: Yeah. First, let's talk about TRANSFORMERS. Year-to-date TRANSFORMERS is actually bucking the trend of a typical boys action property the year following the movie. In fact, it's down by just over a third, which as you know is far better than one would expect in a non-movie year, and that's because the amount of entertainment. We're also seeing in our preschool TRANSFORMERS, growth year to date in Preschool TRANSFORMERS are TRANSFORMERS rescue bots product line and being supported again by content. Our licensing year-to-date for TRANSFORMERS is up. So I think maybe we need to take a broader perspective on the performance of TRANSFORMERS and look more globally because it’s performing quite well and in non-movie year, certainly it’s down in the quarter and down more typical in the more typical range in the quarter. Bu again, I think the teams done a great job, great innovation and expanded product line and again down below those trends one would expect. In terms of MAGIC: THE GATHERING, we’ve launched a product that’s app based product this year called MAGIC ORIGINS. It's a product that enables people to get into the brand and learn how to play magic. But remember while we are investing in magic online and certainly believe over time, our online business will be more robust. The play pattern of MAGIC is all about face-to-face connections, and all about people getting together to play the brand in an analog space. And you're having visited lots of the gaming stores and hobby shops having spent some time over the summer. They are really nothing that replaces that experience of people getting together, coming together friends gathering together, getting off of their screens and playing face-to-face. We are running more tournaments and however, we have a more engaged gamer community. And we're seeing great responses to the pre-releases and releases for our card sets. So long term, I think we're in a very good shape in MAGIC. And as I said bit earlier, I think quarter to quarter it's a bit hard to read because again it's not based on any kind of seasonality that's typical in our industry. It's more about the releases that are going on any period and our users and players playing. We’ll continue to talk about as we go forward.
Eric Handler: Very helpful. Thanks. Thanks a lot Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Lee Giardano with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead with your question.
Lee Giardano: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So excluding Star Wars, I hope you can talk about any early reads on potential hot toys must have as holiday product lineup? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: Wow, that's a big question. So, if I look where we are in the third quarter, what was we are seeing is a great double-digit growth in POS. Let’s just use the U.S. for example, double-digit growth in our Boys category, in our Girls category, in our Preschool business, in our games business and our franchise brands. So we're really seeing in a way a great product offerings that are being well received by consumers, thus far albeit, we are now into the fourth quarter. So the NERF brand performing very well in the quarter and year-to-date. Obviously, JURASSIC WORLD is being a very strong contributor. MY LITTLE PONY has several new initiatives both core MY LITTLE PONY as well as EQUESTRIA. LITTLEST PET SHOP has performed very well in certain markets and we've been clearing out old inventory to perform better in other markets as we go forward. We’ve got in FURREAL FRIENDS, a great holiday product, a StarLily. So that’s been quite good. And then our PLAY-DOH brand has performed exceedingly well throughout the year and we have a number of new initiatives coming into the holiday, PLAY-DOH’s up and up double-digits as well, both in the quarter and year-to-date. So I would say that you’re seeing great strength in our brands and our business across a number of brands and a number of new product initiatives.
Lee Giardano: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I’m curious about the effectiveness of your advertising. It looks like last couple of quarters, it’s been down a little bit. And I’m wondering if some of the content creation has been able to substitute in the spend. And how you guys think about that going forward?
Brian Goldner: If you recall, we’ve talked a lot about how we sort of view our own content creation, our advertising and then, of course, royalties paid as all points, if you were marketing because we have big partners out there who are creating great content as well. We’re also seeing an overall trend toward more digital marketing. We’re certainly spending more in digital, particularly in developed economies and we’re quickly increasing our digital marketing where available in more of the emerging market. On average, digital marketing cost less out of pocket and is more targeted. But again, I think that overall I would still use and guide you toward roughly 10%, 8S ratio in advertising over time. But certainly in a major entertainment year we have the opportunity to focus on our own entertainment and content, as well as our partners entertainment, which helps to deliver our sales for the year.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then for girls, can you talk a little bit about your product pipeline as we lap the FURBY sales or you think there might be some bright spots in the period ahead?
Brian Goldner: Sure. If you look at the brands, our new BABY ALIVE offerings are performing quite well out of the gate. Our FURREAL FRIENDS StarLily coming into the holiday should be quite successful. And we feel very good about it and the early reads are quite good. In MY LITTLE PONY, several new initiatives coming both in the core MY LITTLE PONY as well as EQUESTRIA GIRLS. PLAY-DOH DOHVINCI has performed well year-to-date -- is up year-to-date and coming into the holiday season we see that as a great news segment for the brand. And then you'll see several new items in NERF REBELLE coming into holiday as well. Then we should also talk about DISNEY DESCENDANTS. DESCENDANTS is off to a great start. The DCOM movie launched end of July and it's rolling out around the world and to different markets but where we have launched DESCENDANTS, it’s performing exceedingly well. So again, another addition to our girl’s portfolio and lineup. It’s really unique and differentiated and great storytelling. And as you may have read, they've announced another DESCENDANTS television movie coming 2017. So I think as we look forward into 2016 and ‘17, lots of great new girls product, both from our own franchise brands as well as great partners. And we talked earlier about, of course, the introduction of Disney Princess and Frozen coming into 2016.
Jaime Katz: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So Deb, I think on the last call, you talked about investments being more prominent because they were used in the second half versus the first half. Is this in reference to capital spending or is this something that we should see flow through the income statement in the fourth quarter because I look at your OpEx in the third quarter, it’s less than 2%, whereas in the first half was up 4%. So just want to get some clarification around that?
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Drew. I think you’re seeing it really in both places. If you look at our CapEx, it’s turning a bit higher than it has in the past. And in there you can see the investment we’re making in system. But there is also a piece that’s flowing through our P&L. We have a bit flowing through product development but the largest piece is through the SG&A line. And really as we talk about our investment in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online, it’s putting in the systems and the programming associated. We’re getting that done. As well as some of the investments we're making to drive the long-term efficiencies in our business and streamlining some of our processes as we go forward. So you are seeing a bit of it in CapEx, which you are also seeing running primarily through the SG&A line.
Drew Crum: Got it. Okay. And then, just, lot of press coverage on YO-KAI WATCH and your relationship there? When did you guys begin shipping that product? And Brian, just in terms of expectations, how does this compare to BEYBLADE, just a Franchise that could do BEYBLADE like numbers when you initially launched back in 2011? Thanks.
Brian Goldner: So, I think, the place to look for YO-KAI WATCH is to what’s occurred in Japan. It’s been a very successful brand for some period of time in Japan. The TV episodes have just begun airing and we’ll begin shipping in the next little while, I think most of the impact occurs or more of the impact that would occur in the first quarter of 2016, but that probably a little bit happening in the fourth quarter this year. But as you recall, when we first launched BEYBLADE, it takes a number of months to inculcate play pattern to get be awareness up around the brand and we take a long view of property like YO-KAI WATCH. It’s been very successful, it really is very unique and differentiated in the marketplace and it’s something that we are very looking forward too. I don’t want to try to size it for you. But, I would tell you that, certainly, has been very successful multiple years in Japan.
Drew Crum: Okay. Just one, last one, appreciating the lack of seasonality with MAGIC, can you just remind us what’s the card cadence looks like for the fourth quarter over the next couple of quarters?
Brian Goldner: Well, we continue to have new releases coming in the fourth quarter and obviously, into 2016. I don’t want to try to again size the card releases that’s part of the fun for the fans and gamers is to hear from the brand as to what the card releases look like. But, I think, that the way to view the brand is on an annual basis versus quarter-by-quarter, because of the way the storytelling is done and the way the card releases are set and the tournaments that are associated with the brand. And overtime we believe that MAGIC Online will play greater roles as our investments start to take hold and certainly as we look out to 2017 and beyond, we expect to have a more robust systems that are enable more concurrent play online and to run even more robust online tournaments post or in 2017 and beyond. So we'll continue to build on the Analog business, number of releases coming and again as you know this year we have gone to a different kind of release schedule and you’ll continue to see the team evolve creatively into 2016.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with you questions.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Brian, given your comments on Star Wars and it’s kind of tracking at the high-end of your retail expectations? You had said before that you see the sales balances between 2015 and ’16? I guess, maybe an update on that and then, did that statement just for clarification purposes? Did that statement include only The Force Awakens or also factor in Rogue One?
Brian Goldner: It’s -- Rogue One is for holiday next year 2016.
Tim Conder: Right.
Brian Goldner: So we are really -- I am really talking about the overall Star Wars business that includes both Rebels, as well as The Force Awakens product this year and into next year. We don't really have an update relative to the split between 2015 and ’16. What we are just seeing is that the brand is performing both in shipments and sell-through at the high-end of our range and we will have to wait and see as to that rate of sale as we get in through. We certainly believe that 2016 Q1 and Q2 as we go through and lots of young people get to see the movie. Remember we are still two months out from the movie. So that's going to have a major impact, then we get into the first quarter where lots of people now having enjoyed the movie and putting it in context with the other movies that have been out there. And then at some point to be announced there will be home entertainment window as well that will continue to spur the brand along. And so not ready to update any broad guidance around the split between ‘15 and ’16. Just wanted to report that we've seen very robust sales that our part of the business is tracking ahead in terms of retail sales versus Star Wars overall, and that overall shipments and retail sell-through at the high end of our range.
Tim Conder: Okay. You had also commented on how your just in time ability has improved even with broaden distribution. Can you, any type of quantification of how much revenue that maybe shifted from third to fourth quarter? The competitor gave some commentary on that from what they thought from their business on Thursday. Any quantification you can throw out here?
Brian Goldner: No. I don’t think that trying to quantify that at this point would be prudent. I do think that you're seeing a lot of new initiatives coming into the fourth quarter as you would expect. I think what’s heartening to see is that both in Q3 as well as year-to-date, our categories of brands and products are selling very well and our POS has remained strong throughout the year and continues to be strong. I'd also tell you that in many instances our POS has strengthened in the third quarter versus the year-to-date numbers. So again we’re seeing momentum build and again I’m not going to size Q3 versus Q4.
Tim Conder: Okay. And into somewhat profitability-related questions here. How do you see, this is a follow-on to the prior question related to the Princess business. How do you see that profitability ramping in ‘16 and ‘17. And then also are you seeing any benefits to expect this year from lower transportation costs and then other input cost benefits in ‘16, given the typical delay that you have with the vendors and contract pricing?
Brian Goldner: If you look I listed some product input cost. The single biggest cost input to our cost of goods is labor. And we continue to see labor inflation rates in the double-digit range. We have seen a slight decrease in the cost of certain types of resins over the period since the end of 2014. But they tend to be more nominal and they run in arrears to whatever the petroleum or gasoline costs prices are out there as you know. But I'd say overall, we haven't seen any significant surcharges in shipping and getting a bit of pickup there. But I wouldn't say there is anything nominal.
Deb Thomas: Yeah. We do tend to lock in our contracts on a one-year basis. So kind of what you’re seeing now is we’ve locked in our -- certainly our shipping contracts probably back in the springtime. So whatever benefits you’re seeing, you’re seeing them in that as well. But with respect to Princess, so that’s a great question. So if you think back and then you followed us for a while but for those who haven’t, if you think kind of that to one we took on the MARVEL license, which is just a great partner brand of ours. You do tend to see as revenues begin to ramp, profitability also ramps. We’ve invested a lot in product development. Brian mentioned we have wonderful innovative product coming next year. And you’ll see that over time as we experience more revenue with the license and people become acquainted better with our product line, we will see profitability ramp much like we saw with the MARVEL line.
Tim Conder: Okay. And one last on FURBY, just can you remind us how big that was in ‘14?
Brian Goldner: I don’t think we ever told you to begin with. So I don’t I can remind you.
Tim Conder: Okay.
Brian Goldner: But what I would say to you, it was a significant brand for us both in 2013. It continued to be a very big brand for us in 2014. I tried to size for you the percent of revenue that we experienced in each of the quarters. And I said that FURBY in the third quarter was 37% last year in 2014, 37% of the dollars were done in the third quarter and 31% of the dollars were done in the fourth quarter. So clearly, the headwind will continue through the remainder of this year.
Tim Conder: Okay. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your questions.
Gerrick Johnson: Hey. Good morning. I was hoping…
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Gerrick Johnson: …you could help us with the breakdown of Star Wars shipments between domestic and international either dollars or local currency or whatever you can provide?
Brian Goldner: The Star Wars brand is off to a very good start everywhere. I’m not going to right now give you the specific breakdowns, domestic to international. But we believe over time the brand becomes increasingly global. I talked a little bit about that earlier and we've seen that over time with our Marvel business. But as we continue to develop the brand and as the brand becomes even more familiar to new consumers in the international markets, in emerging markets, we believe it gets even more global in scope. But so far it's off to a very good start around the world.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. And you said it was tracking towards the high end of your plan. Can you tell us what your plan was for shipments between the third and the fourth quarter?
Brian Goldner: We are not going to talk about shipments between third and fourth quarter, but it is tracking at the high end of the plan. And I guess I’d give you some broad -- I will give you some broad guidance between international, domestic, it's about 50-50, so that there is uptick in both international as well as domestic market.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Okay. That’s what I was shooting for because there is just so much uncertainty. It’s just helpful to get those kinds of breakouts. Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. But I think what happens over time, you see it in our TRANSFORMERS business, you’ve seen it in the Marvel business over time, it gets even more developed in international markets and maybe you get to introduce the brand at the emerging markets in places where it doesn't have as long history or is not as well known. So, I think over time, pertains good things. And I just don't feel at this moment, I would talk about the cadence of shipments between third and fourth quarter. But I’ve tried to give you some sense in real-time that the brand is performing very well, that our part of the brand is ahead of overall retail for the brand and our products are on the top of many retailers, our toy lists as well as consumers wanting to buy list for the holiday and it’s at the high-end of our range, both in terms shipments as well as retail sales relative to our expectations.
Gerrick Johnson: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time for closing comments, I will turn the floor back to Ms. Debbie Han.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob and thank you, everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our Investor Day is scheduled for November 16th at our headquarters in Pawtucket, Rhode Island and we hope that you can join us. If you require any information on the event, please contact Hasbro Investor Relations. Thank you.
Operator: This includes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - Vice President-Investor Relations Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jim A. Chartier - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all parties will be in listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our second quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Today's discussion of net earnings and EPS will exclude from last year second quarter results an unfavorable tax adjustment of $13.8 million or $0.10 per share as it does not speak to the underlying performance of Hasbro. A reconciliation to reported amounts is included in the earnings release and presentation accompanying this call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities, plans and strategies, the potential impact of foreign exchange translation, costs, our financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q and today's press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The positive momentum in our business continued in the second quarter and throughout the first half of 2015 with strong underlying demand in our Franchise and Partner brands, across geographies. While foreign exchange clearly had a negative impact on our reported results, absent foreign exchange, second quarter revenues increased 5% and the International segment grew 9%. We spoke with you in April about several challenges we faced in the second quarter, including the anniversary of TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION movie shipments, the shift of the release scheduled for MAGIC: THE GATHERING, and the timing of Easter. Despite these negative influences, our revenues grew absent FX and it is clear there is momentum in our brands around the world. Although Hasbro Franchise Brands declined in the quarter, they increased 3% in the first six months of the year and 11% on a constant currency basis for the six-month period. Partner brands MARVEL, JURASSIC WORLD and STAR WARS all contributed to growth in the quarter and the first half of the year. Importantly, consumer take-away as measured by point-of-sale trends was positive in nearly every major market we track in the second quarter and was positive in all these markets year-to-date, with several countries posting double-digit gains. On a recent trip to Latin America, I was reminded of how far we have come in just a few years in this region. Today, we are becoming a leader player in the Latin American market. The team is implementing our brand blueprint with tremendous retail execution, supported by engaging storytelling. Even though the economic and currency environment is a challenge, it is clear in everything we do that our teams in Latin America are creating the world's best play experiences. Looking at overall Hasbro second quarter performance, Hasbro Franchise Brands were led by growth in PLAY-DOH, NERF, MONOPOLY and LITTLEST PET SHOP. The MY LITTLE PONY brand continues to be as popular as ever and point-of-sale increased meaningfully in nearly every country we track. On an as-reported basis, MY LITTLE PONY revenues declined in the quarter and first half of the year but grew in both periods absent the impact of foreign exchange. Our new fall theme, Cutie Mark Magic, is off to a great start at retail and our all new MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS Friendship Games movie and associated product will be out in September. As we discussed in April, MAGIC: THE GATHERING faced a difficult comparison. Last year's major set release for the first half of the year occurred in the second quarter and this year it was in the first quarter. MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues increased for the first half of 2015. Finally, TRANSFORMERS revenues declined as expected following a movie year. Transformers: Robots in Disguise television programming and product are both performing well. TRANSFORMERS point-of-sale was positive in all major markets we track through the first six months of this year and up in many markets for the second quarter as we began to anniversary the mid-May on-shelf state for movie product. For our Partner brands, compelling storytelling is clearly driving consumer engagement and interest. JURASSIC WORLD has been a tremendous success at the box office, and coupled with the strength of our line and strong global retail execution, is performing better than expected. Hasbro's portfolio of MARVEL lines also had a strong second quarter as retailers focused their merchandising activities around the global theatrical launch of Marvel's Avengers Age of Ultron. In addition, products supporting Marvel's Ant-Man are now hitting store shelves in time for the July 17 release. We also recently expanded our relationship with Disney Consumer Products with the announcement of Playmation, a groundbreaking system of connected toys that use smart technology to inspire kids to run around and use their imaginations as they become the hero or heroine of stories from across The Walt Disney Company. Our teams collaborated with Disney Consumer Products on the development of Playmation and we are manufacturing and distributing the systems. Playmation Marvel Avengers preorders began July 7 and product will be available in October. We are excited about working together on this truly groundbreaking play experience and supporting future systems including STAR WARS in 2016. STAR WARS shipments and point-of-sale in the second quarter were up. STAR WARS Rebels product is driving demand and we are seeing anticipation building ahead of the theatrical release of Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Hasbro's STAR WARS line based on the film will be at retail on September 4 and we unveiled our first Star Wars: The Force Awakens Black Series action figures a few weeks ago at San Diego Comic-Con. It is clear from our discussions with you that STAR WARS continues to be a major area of interest. Our expectations around timing have not changed and the first significant shipments commenced this quarter. We will continue to wave in new product throughout 2015 and in 2016 as the film will continue to be in theaters next year and we will further support the home entertainment release. As a result of the timing of the movie, we continue to anticipate revenues being somewhat equally split between the two years. In addition to STAR WARS we have a tremendous fall and holiday lineup for the remainder of 2015 across our Franchise, Challenger and Partner brands. Content development for Hasbro brands remains a priority for our teams. In partnership with Paramount, in June, we brought together a group of tremendously talented writers to begin the creative development on the theatrical future of the Transformers Universe. At San Diego Comic-Con we announced a new relationship with Machinima on an all-new digital series targeting the teen and adult TRANSFORMERS fans. Finally, earlier this month we announced that we will be collaborating with Lionsgate to bring MONOPOLY to the big screen. We have a tremendous writer, Andrew Niccol, who wrote The Truman Show. The film will be produced by Lionsgate and Hasbro's Allspark Pictures with Lionsgate financing the movie. Our Games business remains critically important to our brand portfolio and we continue investing in gaming across our brands. Games revenues were flat over the first six months of the year. Our underlying trends are good and we have many new innovations for the second half of the year. These include an all-new, fan-driven MONOPOLY HERE & NOW and the addition of the Internet phenomenon PIE FACE to our portfolio. We are also driving several entertainment backlines supporting both the Minions movie and STAR WARS. In addition, we recently launched the MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena of the Planeswalkers game which gives us a new footprint in the strategy board gaming category. As we further invest in global brand building, we announced last week that we signed a letter of intent to sell our games factories in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland to Cartamundi. It was critical for us to find the right owners for these operations. We know Cartamundi well, as we have worked together for years. We believe that within Cartamundi we had found owners with a strong heritage of manufacturing, a passion for communities and for their people. They will employ all regular manufacturing and distribution employees at both sites and continue to manufacture much of Hasbro's traditional games business. Our agreement includes a five-year commitment to these facilities. The financial impact from this transaction is minimal and strategically it is the right move for Hasbro and for our people across these operations. As we enter the second half of the year, we know there is a tremendous amount of work to be done to successfully deliver 2015 and to drive our company into 2016 and beyond through strategic investments and global execution of the brand blueprint. We are in a position of strength in the global marketplace with good momentum in our brands and tremendous innovation in our lines. I'd now like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. In both the second quarter and throughout the first six months of the year, we experienced good momentum in our brands, improvement in our underlying profitability, and a strong balance sheet. Over the past 12 months we've generated $581 million of operating cash flow and we ended the quarter with $858 million in cash. We continue to make important investments back into our business, in particular into strategic brands and new systems while also returning excess cash to shareholders. Through the first six months of the year, we returned $158 million through our dividend and share repurchase program. As evidenced by our reported results, the foreign exchange environment remains challenging but growth in our brands and strong consumer demand supported by the pricing and hedging actions we've taken to help offset the negative currency impact is enabling us to effectively manage the challenge. Our International teams have done a great job in understanding their markets and its needs during this time. Looking at our segments for the second quarter, revenues in the USA and Canada segment increased 1%. Growth in the Boys and Preschool categories more than offset a decline in the Games and Girls categories. Growth in Franchise brands NERF, PLAY-DOH, MY LITTLE PONY and LITTLEST PET SHOP along with shipments of JURASSIC WORLD, STAR WARS and DISNEY DESCENDANTS contributed to the year-over-year growth. Growth in the U.S. was partially offset by declines in Canada following Target's decision to exit the country. Consumer demand remains strong with point-of-sale in the U.S. increasing in the quarter and growing in both the U.S. and Canada over the first six months of the year. Point-of-sale for Franchise brands increased in both markets for the quarter and year-to-date. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment was essentially flat year-over-year at 12.2% of revenues. International segment revenues declined 9%, Europe was down 14% and Asia-Pacific was down 6% while Latin America posted growth of 1%. Emerging market revenues were also down declining 11% in reported revenues. Growth in the Preschool category was more than offset by declines in the Boys, Games and Girls categories. Franchise brands PLAY-DOH, MONOPOLY and NERF, along with Partner brands MARVEL and JURASSIC WORLD were positive contributors to the quarter. Absent the negative $69.5 million impact of foreign exchange, International segment revenues grew 9% and emerging markets grew approximately 9%. $43 million of the foreign exchange impact was in Europe with most of the remaining impact in Latin America. Absent FX, Europe grew 6%, Latin America increased 23%, and Asia-Pacific was up 1%. Operating profit in the International segment declined 13% reflecting the negative impact of foreign exchange. Absent this impact, operating profit increased versus 2014. Finally, revenues in the Entertainment and Licensing Segment were flat with 2014. The segments performance is being driven by Entertainment-backed Licensing revenues. Operating profit declined $7.2 million as a result of a less favorable revenue mix, higher amortization expense and the timing of expenses in the quarter versus last year. Turning to overall expenses for Hasbro, cost of sales in the quarter was favorably impacted by product mix including higher margins, royalty bearing product revenues, as well as the benefit of foreign currency hedges and the impact of pricing actions we've taken to help offset the negative impact of foreign currency. In total, cost of sales declined to 37% of revenues versus 38.6% in 2014. As a result of the revenue decline from TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION movie product, royalties declined year-over-year to 7.2% of revenues. For the first six months, royalties are 7.7% of revenue. Given the strength of our Partner brands year-to-date, cost of sales has trended lower than our previous expectations and royalties have trended higher. We expect both of these trends to continue for the remainder of the year. Product development increased from last year to 7.2% of revenues. As was the case in the first quarter, this reflects the investment we're making in a number of brand initiatives, in particular, in the development of the Disney Princess and Frozen properties ahead of the 2016 launch. We continue to invest in innovation and the future of our business including investments in new brands. As the majority of these expenses are U.S. dollar based, we expect product development to be slightly above the high end of our previously-stated range which was 5% to 5.5% of revenue. Advertising was flat year-over-year as a percent of revenues as we continue to drive efficiency in our global advertising model. And intangible amortization increased in the quarter as we recorded the final quarter of amortization associated with digital gaming rights we re-acquired in 2005 and 2007. For the full year, intangible amortization is anticipated to be approximately $44 million, $26 million of which has been recorded over the first six months. SG&A increased 5% in the quarter to 26.7% of revenues. This increase was driven by similar factors to the first quarter including higher equity compensation, higher depreciation and continued investment in our business including MAGIC: THE GATHERING digital platform. These increases were partially offset by favorable foreign exchange. As we said before, we believe these trends will continue and that SG&A will be higher versus 2014's level of 20.8%. Turning to results below operating profit, other income from the quarter was $2.3 million compared to $4.8 million in 2014. Profitability improvements and our 40% share of the operating income from the Discovery Family Channel were offset by higher losses from foreign exchange. The second quarter underlying tax rate was 27.1% versus 26.8% in 2014. We expect our full year underlying tax rate to be in the range of 26.5% to 27.5% reflecting continued higher anticipated earnings in the U.S. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.33 versus the adjusted earnings per share of $0.36 in 2014. We returned $79 million to shareholders in the quarter, $57.4 million in dividends and $21.6 million in share repurchases. Receivables at quarter end were down 4% but increased 10% absent the impact of foreign-exchange. DSOs were 80 days, consistent with last year. Inventory decreased $89 million versus last year, $20 million of this decline represents the assets we're selling to Cartamundi and are now presented in current assets. Excluding both the pending sale of the factories and the impact of foreign exchange, inventory is essentially flat year-over-year. As Brian stated earlier, the pending sale of our factories to Cartamundi is not expected to have a significant impact on our income statement. In addition to the inventory reclassification, $26 million of property, plant and equipment have been transferred to other assets because they are now held for sale. As we begin the second half of the year, we have good momentum in our business and remain in a strong financial position. We're making necessary investments to position Hasbro for long-term growth while executing across brands and geographies in the near-term. Brian and I would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Steph Wissink with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on a great quarter.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Steph.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Steph.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): I've two bigger-picture questions, if I could. Brian, you've been running this business now for close to almost 10 years. I wanted just to talk about the sightlines you have or the visibility over a multiyear period into the business today, maybe versus when you took the CEO role several years ago. And then, Deb just a question for you on cash flow priorities, we're looking at a nice cash flow cycle now, can you talk a little bit about prioritization of cash, maybe even looking at some of the brand partnerships you have or some acquisitions that you might be interested in? Thank you.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Steph, not to get too philosophical this early in the morning, I would say for me there's always been a quote or to kind of paraphrase from Bill Gates who said, "People overestimate what they can do in two years, and underestimate what they can do in 10." And I think what you are really seeing is a byproduct of our teams around the world having worked together over the last decade in building the brand blueprint, recognizing how important consumer insights are, and investing in those consumer insights, investing in product innovation and storytelling and storytelling of all kinds of formats. And as I look out to answer your specific question about sightlines, we believe now we've fully assembled the brand blueprint; we'll continue to invest in aspects of our business. Right now we're investing in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online. We want to continue to improve people's participation in our brands at every turn. We'll continue to invest in product development. You see some of that this year with investments in Disney Princess and over trend investments in R&D. But over the long-term, we feel that the blueprint has been assembled. We'll continue to add parts to it and pieces to it and we'll continue to execute across global geography. So we feel very good as a team that we have the right skill sets and we continue to on-board new leadership and new employees all the time who are helping us to deliver what you are seeing now.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And that really ties in nicely to, actually, to the cash prioritization question because as we said consistently first and foremost, we want to invest in our business. And while we are always open to acquisitions, we are skeptical because we've seen that as we continue to invest and just invest in the skills we need around the blueprint, our brands and the new brands that we are investing and creating we believe will give the greatest return to our shareholders. So from a cash prioritization standpoint first and foremost we'll continue to invest in our business and then return excess to shareholders through our dividend and our share repurchase program.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC: Yes, thanks very much. Deb, I think in the press release or in the PowerPoint presentation you talked about increased investment in the back half of the year. Can you talk about specifically what those are? Are there any P&L impacts above and beyond what you guys have already provided in your cost and expense trends? And then also, when you look at your gross margin you talked about you expect to – it sounds like you expect it to be above what you originally projected for the start of the year, in the back half of the year, could you talk about some of the puts and takes for gross margin?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Absolutely. Good morning, Eric. You are right, as we look at the investments, they are not really new investments we're making in the business. It's a continuation of what we've talked about previously. Investing in systems, Brian spoke earlier about our investments, our continued investments in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online. We continue to invest obviously ahead of revenues on the Disney Princess and Frozen lines, doing that because most of those investments are in U.S. dollars. It's just driving those rates a bit higher than we thought as we've seen foreign currency kind of settle out on the revenue line. So really for us it's nothing new from an investment standpoint. It's just we are seeing more the impact of the continued foreign exchange trends on the percentages and driving that up. From a gross margin standpoint, our Partner brands continue to exceed our expectations and we believe that trend we see today will continue. What that does is to remind everyone when we have entertainment-backed property, they tend to command a higher price point and with that, they also carry higher royalties. So really what we were trying to say is we had called that gross margin would be around the same level it was and that we'd be able to sustain the level of what it was for the full year 2014. We think it may be a bit higher but in line with that we think our royalty expense will be a bit higher as well. So really what we're saying is if you look at the two together we are not expecting anything significantly different than what we told you at year-end. We're just acknowledging that that mix is a bit different and that's really what you are seeing in that gross margin line is mix.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead with your questions.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I know it's early days and the DESCENDANTS movie isn't coming out until the end of the month but wondering if you can just touch upon the retail takeaway there? And then also, Brian, a little further looking in the Girls category in general. You guys have a lot of exciting things in your pipeline to come that I'm sure everybody is really looking forward to seeing, but the Girls space looks like it could be pretty crowded next year, including the reintroduction of Bratz and Mattel has talked about some relationship that they have with DC Comics in Girl Action Figures. So just wondering how you're thinking about the Girls space next year as well? Thanks.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning. In the quarter, we shipped only a very little bit of DESCENDANTS, most of it's shipping now. We haven't yet seen retail takeaway to speak of, maybe a day or two, so I wouldn't really want to comment on retail takeaway quite yet. The movie does come at the very end of the month and we are very excited about the DESCENDANTS movie and the associated marketing around it. I think it will really resonate with the audience and we are very excited to get our first product line out there. We are incredibly enthused by our efforts on all the R&D and innovation we are putting into the Princess line. The feedback we've had from retailers is that our Princess line is fantastic. Our marketing plans will be very robust and our partnership with Disney will enable us to launch in a very strong manner. We actually believe over time, we may be able to do better than the Princess line has done historically because of the innovation we're bringing to the line, global scope and scale of our two companies together, our partnership and commitment to grow Princess and Frozen business. So that's our focus and we believe that we have standout brands there. MY LITTLE PONY, we've just begun to launch Cutie Mark Magic for the fall. It's already seeing very good takeaway in the fall as well this fall. September, we have an all new Equestria Girls movie breaking, the Friendship Games. And so whether it's short-term, medium-term, or even longer-term, we believe we have very compelling brands in the Girls space. We've built this business over time and we intend to continue to be incredibly innovative and bring very fun experiences to girls all around the world.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And then, Deb, can you just tell us what you're seeing on the sales adjustment side just for your business? Are you seeing any changes year-over-year?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, not really. I mean our brands continue to do well. As you know, we report our sales net because we believe that that's actually the cash we'll collect and we think that's the best representation for our shareholders. But it's really we see nothing unusual. As Brian mentioned, our POS is strong and our retail takeaway has been good. Our retailers are excited about what we're heading into the fall with. So nothing unusual.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then...
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Felicia, yeah, if you look at – you just take Franchise brand. We can talk about POS but Franchise brand's POS in the quarter was up double digits, up 17%. So we're seeing great takeaway of our brands and they are resonating around the world.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Since you just offered it, let's talk a little more about POS.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Yeah, the POS is up nearly everywhere in the world. It was down a drop in Canada in the quarter but that's owing to something Deb mentioned, which was the exit of a retailer out of that region. But if you go around the world where we get the POS data, it's up double digits in several countries, in Mexico and Australia, the U.K., Spain. We're seeing good strong single-digit growth in France and Germany and the U.S. So again, across the business we're seeing great takeaway and we're seeing good market share gains in most of the countries where market share is measured, albeit I would take those numbers directionally. But certainly, we believe that that's indicative of the strength of the brand.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Nice quarter as well. Brian, I wanted to ask about the Boys segment. It seemed like it outperformed expectations in light of the fact that you were anniversarying the TRANSFORMERS theatrical release last year. I guess the question is: are you seeing a difference in the cadence of the fall-off post-movie in that property specifically? The reason I ask is that the Entertainment and Licensing Segment also seemed to outperform our expectations and wondering if there's something going on there related to that property as well.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Taposh, I think it's a great insight on your part because in fact TRANSFORMERS year-to-date I would say is outperforming the trend you might see otherwise. Year-to-date the brand is down about half of what you would expect from the fall-off of the movie, although in the quarter it is off about what you would expect up against the movie, and that just relates to the shipments we would've had this time last year in movie shipments. In the U.S., for example, the POS through the end of the quarter in TRANSFORMERS was only down single digits. So you really are seeing both in terms of year-to-date shipments being down half as much as what you would have expected and the POS, the associated POS. The movie-related product is certainly a major headwind versus a year ago but the TV-related product is performing quite well around the world and a very innovative product line and it's working quite well. As well, the Licensing business, inside of Entertainment and Licensing has performed quite well, it's continued to perform well in the quarter and year-to-date.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then, Deb, for you, just going back to the cash question. So you've got about $850 million at the midpoint of this year, which is materially above where it was last year, yet the pace of buyback is well below from where it was last year. So I guess as a question: can you remind us how you think about buyback? And why you're buying back less this year versus last?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Well, first and foremost, we want to invest in our business, so much of that buyback is flexible depending on our level of investment. Beyond that investment in the business, we always prioritize our dividend, it's the promise we've made to our shareholders, we want to make sure we can maintain and our directors had increased our dividend again this year, I think for 10 years out of the last 11 years. So that's our prioritization and then we use our excess cash to go to the buyback. In 2014 we had mentioned we were able to cost-effectively bring some excess cash back to the U.S. and we returned that to shareholders through buyback. This year, we continue to believe that we'll be more in line with the 2013 levels than 2014.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks a lot. Best of luck into holiday.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning. When you guys talk about STAR WARS being evenly split, are you talking only about Episode VII product or does that include also Rogue One?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, we're really focused on – good morning – we're focused on the Episode VII product. We've had a lot of questions around what do we see as the tempo of Episode VII, and so we're just trying to get people the sense that we see it. Roughly equally split at this point albeit we'll update you as we get closer to movie timing and to our retail set date of September the 4th, but at this point, as we look at the business, lots of anticipation around the launch of the movie. The feedback we got for our first product at Comic-Con was phenomenal in the Black Series action figure. And we're seeing the tempo of Episode VII be roughly half, remembering that after December 18 the movie will continue in theaters for some time and roll into 2016 and then of course you have the home entertainment window.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. If we add in Rogue One, I guess 2016 will be bigger. But moving on to royalties. I was kind of expecting royalties to be down with Avengers, JURASSIC WORLD and so forth versus TRANSFORMERS which I thought would have a lower royalty than the others. So can you just explain a little bit more clearly I guess, why royalties were the way they were in the quarter?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we mentioned the impact on royalties of TRANSFORMERS, year-on-year, so that's actually if you look at the revenue mix, it really is just how our royalty expense flows.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Gerrick, if you remember in the quarter in addition to some entertainment properties that performed quite well, NERF performed incredibly well, continues to grow, and so that's a lower royalty bearing item obviously it's our own brand. It has higher operating margin, and so that's really helped the mix of royalties in the quarter. And then of course TRANSFORMERS shipments, movie shipments were down, and as you know we don't pay for the movie production but we do provide a royalty to Paramount on movie-related sales.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And one last one, if I may. Mattel mentioned that the majority of this year's FX hit to gross margin would be in the back half because it'd be locked up in cost of goods sold, locked up in inventory and then flows through in the back half. Should we expect a similar dynamic for you guys?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we think on a full-year basis we mentioned our gross margin should be a bit higher but our royalties will also be a bit higher. We have a fair amount hedged of product costs through the rest of the year. I think last year we had about 78% hedged of our product purchases and we probably have just a little bit less than that this year. So we've kind of built that protection into our gross margin for the year. For us the change is really going to be about product mix.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Great. Thank you.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Gerrick.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Brian, could you remind us what the release schedule looks for like for MAGIC in the third quarter this year versus last year? And in the second quarter, what did Games do ex MAGIC?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In the second quarter, our traditional Games business was up a bit, and so that would be – let's call it board games business was up a bit in the quarter. In Wizards of the Coast in the quarter we also had a reduction of Duel Masters which they're restaging in Japan, so that was a bit of the impact in the Games business. As we go forward for MAGIC, there are a number of initiatives that are going across the brand. As we've talked about, we're investing to continue to improve and seek more players in MAGIC Online. We have Magic Duels. Hopefully you've downloaded it by now onto your iPhone. It's a great digital game that really introduces people to the play. And as we look at the holiday period, we'll have a couple of releases for MAGIC for the remainder of the year.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And is there any update on JEM AND THE HOLOGRAMS from a theatrical release perspective? Any product initiative launches you have? And how would you characterize the pipeline of content from Allspark as you look ahead?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The date is October 23 for the movie. We've already gotten some very positive feedback from audiences. As you know, early you get feedback and make sure you're on the right track. We're feeling very excited about the movie and we'll have a range of licensed product and some collector-oriented toys during the launch of the film, a great program from Sephora and several other licensees. But it's really our first step in reintroducing JEM AND THE HOLOGRAMS to audiences around the world and we'll build momentum around product, particularly toy product, as we move beyond the film, so not for this year but into the next couple of years. And as you look at Allspark, the next major production is the MY LITTLE PONY animated film, which will come out in 2017. We'll announce a distributor shortly for that film. And again, we are able to make that movie for more of a nominal cost than a traditional animated film given all of our experience and expertise in animated television production, although this certainly will be on scale with all the other animated films you've seen in terms of quality and the look and the feel of the movie. The music as well as the cast is quite good but I won't steal the team's thunder. They'll announce some of that shortly. And that will be the next project from Allspark.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just one last question, Brian. We're hearing that retailers are going to dedicate a lot of shelf space to STAR WARS in the second half. Does that potentially cannibalize against other Boys properties that you have? Or do you anticipate retailers flexing space up in order to accommodate all your properties and brands?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think it's more of the latter of what you said. I think they're flexing space up. They're going to use a lot of space that wouldn't otherwise be dedicated to the modular or to end caps. I think you're going to find distinct locations for STAR WARS product in addition to more traditional locations. Remember year-to-date, MARVEL is performing incredibly well, and so I think retailers will continue to want to support the MARVEL lines. In the quarter and year-to-date, MARVEL has performed incredibly strongly. In the quarter, STAR WARS has performed well. The POS for both of those are very strong double-digits. So I would imagine retailers would want to support both. And then, of course, you have brands like NERF that continue to perform within the Boys arena. I'd say retailers are supporting more brands and more initiatives. I don't see cannibalization.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Advisors. Please go ahead with your question.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Just a couple here. One on Disney Princess. Brian, you talked about how the retailers are on the early showing of the line very receptive. Can you give us any framework of how you anticipate? Will there be any initial sell down of what's in the channel in the early part of 2016? And then how we should think about the cadence of that coming in and maybe scale of what you expect to do relative to what maybe Mattel is going to exit the year with, just directionally, I guess. And then, Deb, a clarification on your comments on an earlier question. So gross margins are better, royalties are higher, and it sounds like those two alone offset but then you also talked about some other expenses being a little bit higher. So I know you don't give EPS guidance but when you net all that down, if you gave EPS guidance, would that net all the way through a little bit lower? Or sort of in line?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right, so, if you – Tim, if you look at what's going on right now in the market, I would say there's discounting going on now at retail. In fact, you'll see that going on. I can't really comment on what the size of inventories will look like in January but I will tell you we will launch a full line of product in January and add to that as we go throughout the year. Certainly, 2016 is a year where we work to get to scale. We've been investing this year ahead of revenues, so that we can have a very strong launch for the line and then continue to grow it over the next several years. We do believe that there is upside in that business versus historical trends.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: As far as our expenses, Tim, we were saying that while you might see different items in the mix and I think I got asked the question about overall expenses earlier as well, our plan for the year really hasn't changed but what we see is mix and the mix in our line item has changed, and with the continued impact of Forex – as a matter of fact if you look at, kind of at our quarter end rates, our 2014 revenues would have been $286 million less than they actually were – with the impact the continued impact of Forex and just the timing of some of those expenses. Some of the percentages will look a bit different as you go through the full year.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then largely on STAR WARS, Brian, you gave, thank you for the color also about retailers flexing up space and you're not anticipating cannibalization. How are you and Disney approaching, I guess, sort of a big rush in early saturation? It sounded like you talked about multiple things being scaled out this year and even into next year. Is there any additional color you could provide on that? It would be appreciated. Thank you.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So on September 4 we'll have our full product lineup of STAR WARS product, but as you know we are experts at waving in new characters within those SKUs. And so you'll see us using our wave management techniques to bring new characters in constantly and new play patterns in as well. So what you see on September 4 will then be refreshed with new characters as we get closer to the film, as we introduce people, or the film introduces people to new characters. We'll then have characters that will follow that in time for Christmas and into New Year. And then you will have new waves of product and characters that will come in first quarter, second quarter and throughout 2016. So we're trying to say that we're going to constantly refresh and update that product line as we've been known to do. It will give us an opportunity to continue to bring new innovation in everything from role-play to vehicles to action figures. And I think you are going to be really impressed with and we'll hopefully be able to share with you shortly what the product line looks like. Retailers have been very happy with the product lineup and are very excited.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, and congrats on the good start to the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jim Chartier with Monness, Crespi. Please go ahead with your questions.
Jim A. Chartier - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Two questions: first, could you just go into a little more detail on what drove the strength in NERF? Was it primarily Modulus and do you have any new shipments for (47:11) in the quarter? And then second, can you just talk about what's going on with Duel Masters? When do you plan to restage that business in Japan? Thanks.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, the restage of Duel Masters is going on as we speak. And the team has been working on several new initiatives around Duel Masters over time. In NERF, it's a combination of really strong carryover items from holiday that have continued to perform quite well. And then we have a number of new spring items. It is not related to Modulus. Modulus really comes in mostly in the second half of this year. And that will be more of the holiday offering, but the performance has continued to be quite strong, item for item and the user-generated content continues to grow.
Jim A. Chartier - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks and best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I will turn the floor back to Ms. Debbie Hancock for additional comments.
Debbie Hancock - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Rob, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally managements' prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our third quarter earnings call is tentatively scheduled for Monday, October 19. Additionally, on November 16 we're planning an Investor Day at our headquarters here in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - Vice President-Investor Relations Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Research Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief executive officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and then we will take your questions. Our first quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Today's discussion of net earnings and EPS will exclude from last year's first quarter results a favorable tax adjustment of $13.5 million or $0.10 per share as it does not speak to the underlying performance of Hasbro. We have included a reconciliation to reported amounts in the earnings release and presentation accompanying this call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities, plans and strategies, the potential impact of foreign exchange translation, costs, our financial goals, and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, and today's press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The momentum with which we exited 2014 has carried forward into 2015, delivering a strong first quarter and a good start to the year. First quarter revenues grew 5%, operating profit increased 25%, and our adjusted net earnings were up 43%. Our focus on Hasbro Franchise Brands continued to drive our performance as each of these seven brands increased year-over-year and delivered in total 20% revenue growth. We also drove strong underlying demand across geographic regions. The U.S. and Canada segment grew revenues 2%. And absent the negative $61 million impact of foreign exchange, the International segment grew 20%, including revenue gains in each geographic region. Additionally, as reported, emerging market revenues increased 3%, but absent the negative impact of foreign exchange, they increased approximately 25% Our focus on creating the world's best play experiences is building strong demand for Hasbro brands and our partner brands around the world. Point-of-sale was positive in every major market we track, including the U.S., Canada, UK, Germany and Australia. For the first quarter, Boys category revenues grew 10%, Games increased 7%, and Preschool gained 22%. The Girls category revenues declined 16%. As we outlined previously, this decline was primarily the result of challenging comparisons in FURBY, which will remain difficult throughout the year. Each of our Franchise Brands grew, as did several entertainment-led brands, including MARVEL in support of the first quarter on-shelf date for The Avengers: Age of Ultron product and initial shipments of JURASSIC WORLD. While we are pleased with these favorable trends and strong momentum in our business, there are several additional factors unique to the first quarter. These elements combined with the fact that the first quarter is our smallest revenue quarter of the year had a very positive impact on our results. At 8% of our total quarterly revenues, our Entertainment and Licensing segment represented a greater-than-normal percentage of our total revenue mix. First quarter licensing revenue is in part the payment of royalties based on fourth quarter holiday sales. Also within the Entertainment and Licensing segment were higher programming revenues associated with a multi-year digital streaming deal for Hasbro Studios programs. This revenue is recorded when we deliver the programming and reflects several seasons of shows. You may recall in 2012 we discussed with you a similar benefit. The growth in our Entertainment and Licensing segment was combined with a strong quarter for Franchise Brands, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING, leading to a very favorable revenue mix in respect to profitability. MAGIC: THE GATHERING continues to engage its fans around the world. In the first quarter, it benefited from the earlier release date of the third release in the Khans block versus the third release of the Theros block, which occurred in the second quarter of last year. Additionally, favorable foreign exchange product cost hedges aided our profitability for the quarter. Each of these factors helped offset the negative impact of foreign exchange to our earnings, which will continue to be a challenge throughout 2015. As we look ahead to the remainder of the year, there are several additional factors to consider. First, the benefit from Easter was almost entirely in the first quarter of this year, whereas in 2014, it was two weeks later in the month of April. Additionally, 2014 had two very significant motion pictures in the summer months: Transformers: Age of Extinction and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Both of these films benefited from shipments in the first half of the year. In 2015, there's a tremendous film slate we are supporting, headlined by The Avengers: Age of Ultron in theaters May 1 and Star Wars: The Force Awakens on December 18. These release dates are spread across a greater period of time versus last year's concentrated timing of summer releases. There are also several other notable films this year, including Jurassic World on June 12, Ant-Man on July 17, and our own Jem and the Holograms on October 23. Our first quarter performance reinforces that our strategy and our approach to brand building is working. For the full year, our teams are delivering innovative brands and executing against a robust entertainment slate, while facing a difficult foreign exchange environment. As we continue to invest around our brand blueprint, beginning with consumer insights to develop the right innovation and storytelling to engage the consumer across all forms and formats, the Hasbro team is delivering truly differentiated and compelling play experiences for consumers around the world. I'd like to now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter was a good quarter highlighted by the strength of our business across brands and geographies. The momentum in our Franchise Brands, coupled with the growth in our Entertainment and Licensing segment, delivered both revenue and profitability improvements for the quarter. While foreign exchange had a significant impact on revenues, the favorable revenue mix and our efforts to hedge our exposure limited its impact on profitability. This momentum in our business and our improved profitability enabled us to generate $315 million of operating cash flow. Our balance sheet is healthy and we ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash. We continued to invest in our business to strengthen our brands and improve the productivity of our global teams. We also remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders. In the first quarter, we returned approximately $79 million through our dividend and buyback programs. Looking at our segments for the first quarter, revenue in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 2%. Growth in the Boys, Games and Preschool categories more than offset a decline in the Girls category. This growth was driven by higher revenues in our Franchise Brands as well as growth in MARVEL in support of The Avengers: Age of Ultron and initial shipments of JURASSIC WORLD. Point-of-sale is off to a positive start in 2015, including strong growth in Franchise Brands. Our retail inventory continues to be of both good quality and good levels. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 16%, reflecting the favorable impact of higher Franchise Brand revenues. In the International segment, revenues were flat with last year. Europe was down 6%, but was offset by 8% growth in Latin America and 17% in Asia Pacific. Emerging market revenues increased 3%. The Boys and Preschool category revenues grew, but were offset by a decline in the Games and Girls categories. As in the U.S. and Canada segments, strong growth in Hasbro Franchise Brands was further supported by growth in MARVEL products. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, International segment revenues grew 20% and emerging markets grew approximately 25%. 80% or $50 million of the foreign exchange impact to revenues was in Europe. Absent FX, Europe grew 19% and Latin America and Asia Pacific each grew 23%. Operating profit in the International segment declined $511,000, reflecting the negative impact of foreign exchange. Absent this impact, operating profit increased to $5.5 million compared with $2.4 million a year ago. Finally, revenues grew 74% in the Entertainment and Licensing segment. This strong performance was the result of growth in lifestyle licensing revenues for Hasbro Franchise Brands, notably MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS as well as the contribution of a multi-year digital streaming deal for Hasbro Studios programming. These increased revenues drove a $10.4 million increase in the Entertainment and Licensing segment operating profit. Looking at Hasbro overall, in February, I shared with you our outlook for cost and expenses for the full year 2015 using our underlying historical results as a basis for comparison. We've included the slide from Toy Fair in the presentation accompanying today's call, which is available on our website. Keeping in mind that the first quarter is our smallest revenue quarter of the year and small changes have a bigger impact on the quarter than they would on an annual basis, our first quarter results keep us on track to achieve the previously-stated targets. Overall in the first quarter, strong revenue growth in higher margin brands and segments, namely, Franchise Brands including MAGIC: THE GATHERING and the Entertainment and Licensing segment more than offset the negative impact of foreign currency translation. This favorable mix resulted in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue decreasing to 34.7% versus 38.1% in 2014. For the full year, we continue to target cost of sales as a percentage of revenue approximately in line with 2014's level of 39.7%. With the growth in entertainment-backed revenues, in particular, MARVEL and JURASSIC WORLD, royalty expense increased to 8.3% of revenues. Given the lower level of revenues in the first quarter, this percentage is higher than our full-year outlook for royalties, which, given the strong entertainment slate in 2015, remains in line with last year's rate of 7.2%. Product development increased in the quarter to 7.3% of revenues as we're investing in the development of the Disney Princess and Frozen properties, which will come to market in 2016 as well as incremental investments in our brands, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Our full-year expectation is that product development will be in the range of 5% to 5.5% of revenues. Advertising in the first quarter remained at similar dollar levels year-over-year, but declined slightly as a percent of revenue to 9.5%. For the full year, we anticipate advertising at approximately 10% of revenues, which is the low-end of our traditional advertising range and reflects our continued investment in brand building, coupled with the efficiencies we're gaining from our global and increasingly digital advertising model. Intangible amortization declined in the quarter and is anticipated to be approximately $44 million for 2015. Program production cost amortization increased, reflecting the higher revenues and associated amortization from the multi-year digital streaming deal for Hasbro Studios programming. Our full-year expectation is this expense as a percentage of revenues remains in line with recent years. SG&A increased 7% in the quarter to 29.3% of revenues. Higher equity compensation and depreciation associated with systems contributed to the increase as we continued investment in our business, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING. These increases were partially offset by favorable foreign exchange. In total, for the year, we believe these trends will continue and that SG&A will be higher versus 2014's level of 20.8% Turning to results below operating profit, other income for the quarter was $4.7 million compared to $5 million in 2014. Profitability improvements in our 40% share of the operating income from the Discovery Family Channel were partially offset by higher losses from foreign exchange. The first quarter underlying tax rate was 27% versus 26.1% in 2014. We expect our full-year underlying tax rate to be in the range of 26.5% to 27.5%, reflecting continued higher anticipated earnings in the U.S. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.21 versus the adjusted earnings per share of $0.14 in 2014. We returned $78.7 million to shareholders in the quarter, $53.5 million in dividends, and $25.2 million in share repurchases. Our next quarterly dividend is our first at the new rate of $0.46 per share and is payable on May 15 to shareholders of record on May 1. Additionally, at quarter-end, $539 million remained available on our current share repurchase authorizations. Receivables at quarter-end were up 2% and DSOs were 71 days, down two days versus last year. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, receivables increased approximately 18% versus the 14% growth in revenues. Inventory declined $50.2 million compared to last year and is of good quality. Adjusting for a negative foreign exchange impact, inventory increased 1%. Excluding FX, inventory increased in the International segment, which was mostly offset by lower inventory in the U.S. and Canada segment. In closing, the first quarter was a good start to 2015 and keeps us on track with our full-year expectations. Foreign exchange will continue to be a challenge throughout the year, but we are taking steps to minimize some of this impact through pricing and product cost hedges. Over the next several quarters, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the positive momentum in our brands, the innovation we're delivering and a robust entertainment slate. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Steph Wissink with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and congrats to you guys on a great quarter.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Steph.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Steph.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Wanted to just ask one question with respect to your global positioning as we head into the back part of this year. Can you talk a little bit about your distribution in some of the emerging markets and some of, maybe, the mature markets that have been a little bit more sluggish? Is it your anticipation as some of the content-backed properties come through that you'll start to see those markets accelerate into the back part of the year?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we've seen year-to-date that our POS is quite strong in many of our markets around the world, including where we have our own data for emerging markets. So good performance thus far for our brands. Around the world, in the first quarter, double-digit POS growth for every market that we track with only one exception where France was up mid-single-digit. But across the world, we're seeing very strong double-digit growth in POS. Similarly, in emerging markets, we continue to see good progress, obviously affected by forex in terms of absolute top line revenue growth. Absent forex, 25% revenue growth in emerging markets in the first quarter. We've seen both in our brands growth as well as Entertainment and Licensing that the storytelling within our brands and television, in particular, has helped to power brands like MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS. Certainly, this is a very robust movie year for us, an entertainment-led year. We see that entertainment slate coming throughout the year. It's a little more spread out than in years prior with Star Wars coming later in the year. But clearly, over time, we are seeing the expansion of entertainment-led brands, particularly in our partnership with The Walt Disney Company being more globally-led with greater strength in distribution, more screens available – movie screens available for movie goers to enjoy those films, certainly more global box office, and therefore, we would surmise greater toy sales over time.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): That's great. Thank you. And, Deb, just a clarification question on the digital distribution agreement or the streaming distribution agreement that you signed. Can you just remind us how that's accounted for? You have this upfront Q1 events. And then do you receive a series of payments over the course of the coming quarters based on the consumption patterns? Just explain how that may work so we can know how to model that out.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Well, we had a similar arrangement probably three years ago that we talked about. And what happens is we recognize the revenue when we deliver the series. So as we had this payment come in, in the first quarter and delivered most of the series that are under the agreement, we recognized most of the revenue in that period. And you also see the amortization expense going along with that. That's why we highlighted – we have a few more higher line items in the quarter than we would expect for the full year.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Thank you. Great job, you guys. Best of luck.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Steph.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Deb, a question for you on cost of sales and the outlook that you're providing. It seems like a repeat of what you said at Toy Fair. Yet it looks like what's changed is your signing of this streaming deal. So I guess, the question is was that already embedded in your commentary that you provided back in January?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. And then as we think about...
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: (22:44) Taposh.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I would just point that we really did benefit from our product mix in the quarter. So it was a larger mix of our Franchise Brands helped us including MAGIC: THE GATHERING as well as the digital streaming deal that we signed. And our Entertainment and Licensing segment overall is up particularly the licensing part of the business.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, Taposh, our highest margin business is Entertainment and Licensing. Within that, obviously, the licensing part of our business is the strongest operating margin. And it goes back to the idea that in our strategy, there's tremendous power. As we drive our brands with story, we're able to sign licensees who are benefiting from that storytelling globally, and we certainly benefit from having their consumer products out in the market. And we get paid for that. Certainly for holiday sales in the first quarter, but throughout the year as we have new episodes out, television episodes and movies over time, that certainly benefits our margin. And that's what we've talked about. Over time, longer term, we would expect that to be a lever for growth and operating margin.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And I know that within the Entertainment and Licensing segment a lot of focus has been on TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY, but a brand that seems to be on the rise within your portfolio is PLAY-DOH. There's some recent reports that have surfaced about Play-Doh movies. Wondering if you can comment on that? And as a follow-up, if you can help us better understand the size of that brand and its potential within your portfolio over time?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: PLAY-DOH was up strong double-digits this past quarter in revenues. It was up double-digits in POS. We're seeing great strength. That's true in the U.S. as well as around the world. It's becoming increasingly one of our most powerful global brands. A few years ago, we had anointed it as a Franchise Brand and elevated it from a challenger brand status and continued to put great innovation. The team has done a very good job there. We do have a movie deal that's being consummated and some great creative stewards on that movie as an idea. We think it's a very fun format for a movie and for storytelling. We've seen some early indications of that through a television series we've been running in China. And again, the characters that we're developing around the Doh Dohs as well as other characters that could appear in a Play-Doh movie make it quite fun and certainly something for the future years that we would take advantage of.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. All the best.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Swartz with SunTrust Robinson. Please proceed with your question.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just a point of clarification. Brian, I think you said that global – was that global POS was up double-digits, or in every market that you track it was up double-digits?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We track it by market. So we have the syndicated data, NPD data we have for a number of markets. And the markets we have syndicated data for – U.S. was up double-digits; Canada double-digits; Mexico, Australia, UK, Germany and Spain all double-digit growth; France was mid-single-digits. Our Franchise Brand POS in the first quarter were up – it was very strong growth. And again, indicative of the sales that we had. But our POS is ahead of our sell-in in Franchise Brands as it is in sales in many markets around the world. That's why we have syndicated data. We also have our own data in emerging markets. Our teams track that pretty carefully and we're seeing good growth there as well.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And would that have been up double-digits excluding, I guess, the Easter shift on a normalized basis?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We believe it probably would although we do think Easter had a very good impact. Easter this year occurred in, what we call, week 14. Last year it was week 16, which fell into the second quarter. Easter to Easter, if you took the three weeks around Easter, Easter to Easter was up a bit year-on-year. But we've seen very strong POS growth throughout the quarter and continuing into the second quarter. So we feel very good about the early initiatives we have for the year. Again, these are early days.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right. Thanks. And just thinking about the competitive environment as we move through the year, one of your big competitors was talking about putting more money into trade spending as we get to the holidays and I think they're really targeting some share losses in the dolls category. So how do you think about that playing out throughout the year?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have a very key levers in our business that we've established around where our spending goes. Increasingly in our marketing, we're using digital marketing and lots of very contemporary forms of marketing to our audience. We work with our trade very effectively. We've seen obviously growth in our business at the trade. We have plans in place as well. It doesn't involve just increases, but certainly, where we are gaining share, which is in many different categories and certainly around the world. We are getting gains in linear footage, and therefore, opportunities for both in-aisle as well as out-of-aisle placement. And that just comes along with the growth in sales.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Thanks a lot for the color.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM. Please proceed with your question.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Couple questions on the entertainment side. The upside that you saw in the quarter was that from the Netflix deal that was announced back in April? And I'm just trying to true up what – that was – that's eight months since that time, so was this sort of the payment for that deal that was upcoming? Or was there some other SVOD deal that got signed? And secondly, are there future deliveries of product that is part of this deal, or was this purely a library type of contract? And then last, when you look at the incremental margins on your entertainment business and understanding that this is a relatively small part of the business, but it looks like the incremental margin for the incremental revenue got to about 44%. When you think about licensing is typically 70%, 80% type of margin business, the SVOD deals are again very high similar type margin because a lot of the costs have already been amortized. What were some of the costs that went against that that I may not be thinking about?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. If you look at Entertainment and Licensing segment, there are several elements within our Entertainment and Licensing business. Certainly, lifestyle licensing was up in the quarter. And that has to do with the fact that we get paid typically in arrears by a single quarter. So we account for the sales of our consumer products licensees and then we are able to take in those revenues as we get paid and recognize those revenues. So that was up in the quarter. That was obviously – contributes to the mix and contributes to the operating margin in that segment. Certainly, we have a number of streaming deals that are happening. We have our content on any number of platforms, SVOD platforms, including Netflix, but not exclusively to Netflix. And, yes, there are payments that happen within the quarter. What happens is as we deliver the episodes, we get paid for the episodes that we're delivering. And we also have other deals in place. So some of this is library programming. And then as we go on time, we talked about the development of and launching of new brands and new brands would be launched both in linear television and over time on different SVOD platforms.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We also mentioned, Eric, that we had – we referred back to our full-year estimates on amortization. A lot of this revenue was included in our estimates when we set up our alternates for amortizing the products. So what you continue to see is the amortization that had already been built into our revenue estimates for the full year.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Derrick Johnson (sic) [Gerrick Johnson] with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning. I was hoping you could discuss the net EPS impact on results from foreign exchange and also if you could quantify the impact in basis points on gross margin from FX, and finally the absolute dollar amount that you benefited from hedging on FX. Thank you.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the answer to the first question is the FX impact on EPS in the quarter was $0.10. So otherwise, we would have been at $0.30 – $0.31 in the quarter. Deb, you want to talk about the other piece?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Well, we continue to have – we had a slightly larger impact from foreign exchange obviously because of the magnitude in the quarter. You've got a fairly small revenue quarter compared to the rest of the year. So a bit higher foreign exchange impact than we would normally expect to see. And as we said, we've hedged a fair amount of our product purchases, probably about the same level as we'd hedged last year, obviously, at declining rates through this year. So what you're seeing is the benefit of favorable foreign exchange product cost hedges in the first quarter and larger than average impact. As a matter of fact, the impact on our revenue from foreign exchange was about 9% of our total reported revenues. And if you recall, we said at Toy Fair that at rates existing at that point in time, had those rates continued through the year, our 2014 full-year revenue would have been about $250 million less. Well, in fact, the dollar's continued to strengthen. So if you looked at that impact at current rates, our revenues would have been about $310 million less. And as the euro continues to move toward parity, if the euro actually hits parity that would probably put another $60 million to $65 million negative impact on those revenues. So for the full year, we continue to see the impact of foreign exchange will be a headwind. Because of the size of the quarter, it was slightly larger than it would typically be, but we do continue to think it would still be around that 10% to 15% impact to revenue will impact earnings per share.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Gerrick, we're obviously taking a number of steps to mitigate that impact. We've taken mid-single-digit price increases both in the U.S. and around the world and in markets where we've seen particularly high forex impact, we've gone back to take additional price increases where necessary to try to again mitigate in the short term those FX impacts.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you. And shifting gears a little bit, not much mention of LITTLE PONY in the quarter. I guess, it was up because it's a franchise brand, but can you discuss how it performed geographically between North America and international?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. MY LITTLE PONY continues to perform quite well for us globally. It certainly benefits from revenues in several different categories. It goes back to the idea of being a franchise brand, and having licensed product as well as our own toy and game product. We are gearing up for the fifth season of MY LITTLE PONY is just breaking now and will break throughout the year. So brand-new product lineup around the fifth season that comes in second, third, and fourth quarters. But MY LITTLE PONY performed well, its POS was in the PONY business, the core PONY business was quite good for the quarter, double-digit POS increase there. And again, it's a small first quarter. And we're gearing up for the rest of the year, but MY LITTLE PONY continued to grow in the quarter.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Great. Thank you very much, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Research: Good morning. I guess my question is about Preschool. It seems like both you and your closest peer have turned the segment around in the last quarter or there's been something else that has been driving demand there. Can you talk a little bit about where you guys have seen strength and maybe how you think about continuing to connect with consumers in this segment for the rest of the year?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. In our Preschool segment, one of our biggest brands there is PLAY-DOH. It continues to perform incredibly well. It's one of our most global brands and a number one brand in a couple countries around the world for us. The brand was up double-digits in the quarter. The POS was up double-digits throughout the world. We continue to have all new innovations, and again, that team has done a great job of continuing to innovate that brand. This is absent even DOHVINCI, we're just talking about the core PLAY-DOH business. The other part of the business that's performing quite well is a character-based business. That storytelling-led business is very strong. We saw good strength in TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS. We got in both placement of the TV show as well as the toy sales in the quarter were quite good. We add to that initiatives around Jurassic World, which just begin to take hold now. So again, character-led business has been particularly strong and we've seen that for our business. We have a number of new initiatives in our core PLAYSKOOL business. You saw at Toy Fair Play, Stow and Go. Early indications there good POS, albeit, early days, but POS growth there for some of the new initiatives in core Playskool. So I think it's about creating those innovations based on great consumer insights, about character-led business, and great creativity and enabling kids and moms to agree on developmental milestones and all the fun of our PLAY-DOH business, that great creativity that parents really love and kids enjoy as well.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Research: Okay. And then your advertising ratio for the year appears that it's going to be down. Are you guys finding more efficient channels to advertise in? Or is it just that the tilt to more digital is less expensive?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Advertising we've said ratably should be right around 10%. So very consistent with the year-ago numbers. But over a trend line, longer-term trend line, that's down a bit, but it won't be the same number as it was in the first quarter. It was down more than that in the first quarter. And that just has to do with the size of the quarter and revenues. But if you look at our strategies, clearly, we're employing every one of the digital strategies that are available to us. That does add a level of efficiency and effectiveness to our messaging, engaging consumers, enthusiasts and fans, and enabling them to curate our brands and get involved in their own content creation and involvement in our polling, whether it's in our Games business, or in our Preschool business is quite a enabling technology that does enable us to – allow us to more effectively advertise over time.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Research: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Congratulations, Brian, again. I know it's a small quarter. But a little additional color just to clarify, the streaming, this is more of a one-time payment, or will there be going forward a little bit starting to come in each quarter from that perspective? And I guess, in relation to that, obviously, we've got FX everybody's dealing with. But you talked about the comparables going across the year, the timing of the entertainment releases. Can you just, sort of, plot through the quarter (39:41) given FX and the timing of releases, will you have more difficult versus easy comparisons in the latter three quarters here?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think that as we look at the entertainment initiatives, what we were trying to point out is just simply that we have a very robust slate. We've said we've entered this unprecedented era of new entertainment. The company's certainly benefiting from our own entertainment as much as our partners' entertainment. In the first quarter, in percentage terms, the fastest-growing – the percentage growth was fastest for TRANSFORMERS. We have a new show that's on Cartoon Network. This just broke in the carryover sales of our movie-related products from 2014 are quite strong in the quarter. So the combination of storytelling and movies and television benefited our own brands. As we go out through the second, third and fourth quarter, what we're trying to point out is that all of the big movie titles don't come just in the second quarter as they did a year ago that they're more spread out throughout the year. And I think that's something to think about as you map out the remainder of the year. We're really not giving you kind of, if you will, overall annual guidance, but trying to say where those revenues may fall just to help be thoughtful around where the entertainment will really continue to drive our business. And, Tim, remind me the first part of your question?
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. I guess, on the expense side of the comparables, given the timing and where you have hedges in your revenue and where that revenue comes from, just the comparability, how we should think about the FX? We kind of can see where the different currencies are, but there are other components we can't of FX. So that comparability, and then the first part was the digital streaming. Should we...
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh, okay.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So these – yeah. Should we think these more of just one-time payments or is there going to be a start component of where that's going to start to flow each quarter, Brian?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The digital streaming, we mentioned that in 2012, we had done a similar digital streaming deal, that was a few years ago. We mentioned how that revenue comes in. Obviously, in Entertainment and Licensing, we also took in significantly more licensing royalty income. So it's not just digital streaming in that category. And, Deb, you want to...
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The digital streaming revenue does primarily come in one big chunk. So that's why, if you recall, Tim, I said it made things a little bit lumpy at the time. We'd say it's just a bit lumpy. But again, it's been built into our models. And that's why we've continued to say that our amortization for the full year will be consistent with last year, because obviously that number is impacted significantly. As far as foreign exchange, you're right. I mean, the way numbers have moved and rates have moved and the dollar has strengthened, even from Toy Fair, has had an additional impact to us. If we looked at last year's revenue, it'd be about a $60 million additional negative impact to the year. And you can add another $60 million on that if the euro goes to parity. So as we watch how rates go throughout the year, it will have an impact on revenue.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: But no color – I remember you'd mentioned that earlier in the call, but no color given where your hedges are and then sort of the mix of your revenues throughout the year, would there be any quarters that were more challenging than the others other than just looking at where the FX is year-over-year?
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We've hedged about the same level as we did a year ago. And each month is a little bit different. Think about we have this rolling hedging program, as a matter of fact, after year-end, we'd had even put in more hedges to go out through 2019. So, you think about as you layer those hedges on at different times, they're at different rates, and you get different flow-through of positive impact to the gross margin. For us, we've always said we don't speculate, we do it really to protect our product pricing. So we know what we have to price our products at in the various markets over time.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And, Tim, as we go out beyond 2015 into 2016 and beyond, you know we go out and price product based on the prevailing elements of the marketplace. And given so much of our line is new every year, it gives us a chance to look at what the cost inputs can and should be, what the pricing should look like. And therefore, this year it's about the fact that FX changes were so significant across countries and so fast in terms of the change back in the fourth quarter of last year. So this year we have to mitigate those changes, taking steps wherever we can on pricing and looking at our costs. But as we go out in the future years, we've taken that into account and begun to address that so that we can look at that in our cost of goods and into our product development as well as product pricing.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And final question. You've done a great job starting several years ago of seeding your content and brands into many international markets and now with the expanded Disney relationship and going direct also from a distribution standpoint, where do you see other markets where you need to go direct and the plans to do that there? Any additional opportunities over the next – through this year or into next year?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're continuing to develop our product along a number of different lines. We've said our first objective was to create the right balance of our Franchise Brands, Franchise Brand effort and Franchise Brand growth. We've then developed adjacencies that you've seen enter the market quite successfully around those Franchise Brands. And the next phase of our development you'll see over the next number of years some new brands that we will now take this blueprint and the model we've created and begin to introduce some of the new brands. Some of those are from our vault like Jem and the Holograms. Some will be absolutely new to us. A few are based on some historical acquisitions we made, like Micronauts, but that becomes part of the mix as we go out over the next several years. Then in addition to that, we've talked about how in partnering with The Walt Disney Company, we have the opportunity to take advantage of their amazing slate of entertainment that's upcoming, as well as in future years the Princess business that we're very excited about. And it continues to allow us to balance our revenues where our partner brands revenues should be plus or minus 20% of our revenues, a couple points higher or lower in some individual years. But that balance enables us to continue to generate the kind of operating returns we're looking for as a company.
Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And we still see opportunity in the various emerging markets that we're in now to continue to expand our market share and for growth as those markets grow as well. And outside of that, I mean, we talked about some other markets, we specifically spoke at Toy Fair about some growth in Indonesia and some Asia markets as we go forward. But nothing certainly of the size in investment that we've had in places like Russia or Brazil where they're just very large countries.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with our question.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So on the Girls business, Brian, you mentioned FURBY as being a headwind. When does that stop becoming a headwind? And then does that prohibit you guys from growing the Girls business in 2015?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: For the full year, we have some amazing initiatives and new innovations across our Girls business. And if you look at MY LITTLE PONY, there's a brand-new product lineup as well as a whole new TV series we're hitting. This is season number five and a brand-new series that we've developed for MY LITTLE PONY. LITTLEST PET SHOP is seeing great growth in the quarter and really just beginning to build on the momentum that we said we would create based on all-new TV series and getting that entertainment out around the world. For the second half of the year, of course, we add Disney Descendants and very excited about the new entertainment initiative from Disney and our lineup there. So I'm not going to really guide you on overall Girls growth. The last two years we've grown the Girls business and both years have been north of $1 billion. FURBY was a big brand for us. And last year, it continued to be a big brand as it moved through non-English speaking market. And it will continue to be a headwind throughout the year. But having said that, the teams are lining up some great product and storytelling initiatives for our own Franchise Brands and lots of new news within our challenger brands for the third and fourth quarter.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Okay. And I apologize if I missed this. Did you quantify growth for MAGIC in the quarter? And could you also comment on what you've seen in the channel in terms of receptivity to the new format or cadence of cards that you're doing for that franchise?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We saw great growth for MAGIC. We didn't put percentage terms on that, but MAGIC in the quarter was very strong. It was double-digit growth. We talked about the fact that that had something to do with – we've talked about the timing of new initiatives, the major release came in the first quarter of this year whereas it was in the second quarter a year ago. So you do have some points of comparison year-on-year that have to do with this new timing schedule. But we're very happy to see both the sales as well as the sell-through of MAGIC continue to grow. And we'll see as we go through the year just the overall receptivity to the new cadence. But what I will tell you is thus far in the year, the engagement with fans and enthusiasts, the tournament play, and our effort and commitment to continue to improve the online experience with MAGIC: THE GATHERING is front and center at the company. It's something that we're investing in. We think MAGIC long term has incredible growth potential and we're just scratching the surface of the opportunity with that brand.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And, Brian, just one from me. Any update on a Transformers sequel film?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Our plan right now with the studio and film makers, you may have read something about some writers being hired and we have, in fact, brought in Akiva Goldsman to lead a group of writers to really create a strategic plan around Transformers. We think there's any number of stories to be told, that's a brand that's been around for 30 years with amazing canon and mythology. And we would expect the sequel to Transformer movie to happen in 2017.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Great. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean McGowan of Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Also I have a couple, if I can. When you look at the royalties and entertainment revenue that comes in and then you allocate them around the brands, can you talk a little bit about what that says about the growth of – would TRANSFORMERS have been up without such payments? And I'm not trying to say that's not legitimate revenue. It is. I'm just trying to get a sense of whether it's the payments that are driving that growth or is that actual sales of toys? And similarly, what does it say for Girls if – you had a lot of things going right on the entertainment licensing in the quarter for Girls and it's still down?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think we noted why Girls was down. We're up against a very big FURBY comp, and, of course, in the first quarter, Easy Bake was down because, again, it's very holiday-sales oriented. And there's a bit of impact with some inventories based on the West Coast port strike and some delays around a little bit of product. TRANSFORMERS would have been up without the entertainment payment. So I think that I would turn it around a little bit. I would say that our objective is to continue to grow our Franchise Brands across a number of dimensions. We're going to continue to be the preeminent creator of toys and games through great innovations and consumer insight. But through storytelling, we are going to bring the power of our brands to other consumer product categories. That is the nature of the way fans and enthusiasts want to enjoy brands today. We are following the consumer, and they're telling us that that, in fact, is the most contemporary way to proceed, and that is modern-day brand building. And so we think that we're offering both a differentiated approach to the market as well as something that's incredibly compelling to our fans, enthusiasts, kids and other audiences around the world. And that's what's being borne out. The blueprint is – the strategy that we're employing and we see those revenues from our consumer products business as important as and an opportunity to expand our operating profit beyond just what our Toys and Games business can provide. But recognize that our franchise – but I recognize that our Franchise Brands inherently even within our toy business, enjoy higher operating margin than our partner brands because, of course, they have lower royalties to be paid out.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. Similarly, was the increase in – like, was Games up ex-MAGIC?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Games was flattish. It was up in the U.S., down a little bit internationally, but we have a number of games that grew within the quarter. In fact, a raft of games including Dungeons & Dragons, which is really on a tear, Risk, Scrabble, Trouble, Life, Candy Land, CLUE and OUIJA were all up in the quarter. And we're seeing great sell-through of our games. Our Games POS was up in the first quarter in the U.S., and up in many markets around the world. And so down a little bit internationally, but we view a lot of that as just timing on some of our new games initiatives.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC: Was that down internationally? Was that just currency, or was that in local currencies that it was down?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, that was inclusive of currency, because we didn't retranslate that number, so that includes the declines relative to FX.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC: So it's probably up then, right, if it's just down a little?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I mean, I don't have that calculation in front of me. So I'm doing it as reported.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Then the last question. Can you help us at least with the order of magnitude quantify what impact there might have been from the Easter shift? And again, order of magnitude for the digital streaming deal that hit the quarter?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, I think that the Easter shift was a couple of weeks. It was – our week 14 this year versus week 16 a year ago. But we've seen strong POS since the very beginning of the year. And that strong POS has continued post-Easter. I said Easter on Easter. This year we're up a bit so it was a bit stronger than Easter a year ago. But overall, what we're really seeing is great strength in our Franchise Brands as well as some great partner brand initiatives. The MARVEL business is performing incredibly well in the first quarter. Star Wars POS is up significantly in the first quarter behind both action figures and role play. We're very excited about the Star Wars entertainment even in this quarter of the year. So we're seeing kind of from strength to strength in terms of what's selling in the first quarter. We point out the impact of Easter only inasmuch as some shipments certainly have to happen before Easter in order to get on shelves. And we just think it's fair to be transparent about where Easter falls. In terms of the Entertainment and Licensing business, the payment for streaming rights, digital rights is only part of our Entertainment and Licensing business. We also saw considerable increases in the entertainment royalties, the licensing royalties around our brands. And we talked about the fact that we had very good holiday sales around Hasbro franchise brands and in several categories, we're up around the consumer product sales related to our brands that we get paid in terms of royalties and hit the Entertainment and Licensing category of our P&L.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC: And that's the plan, it seems to be working. Would you say that the Easter shift helped, or was it offset by the port delays with – like, are they kind of comparable? That would have been a negative, right?
Brian D. Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The port delays are certainly a negative – it's funny. They're certainly a negative in a few brands where some of the new spring initiatives have not gotten out as fully as they will in April and May. And so a lot of the teams – the marketing teams have noted that. Conversely, the fact that we had very strong carryover sales of brands like NERF actually benefited us, because we had such good sales of NERF around the holiday period. We didn't have the spring initiatives, but our carryover items have sold incredibly well, and NERF's POS is up significant double-digits in the first quarter and grew considerably in the first quarter. So I do think that there's some puts and takes. Overall the port strike has been a negative. I certainly wouldn't characterize it as a positive. But we're working through that. And we said for the full year we didn't expect that to impact revenue.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the floor back to Ms. Debbie Hancock for closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. In addition, our second quarter earnings call is tentatively scheduled for Monday, July 20. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock -  Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Canada
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance, and then we will take your questions. Our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities, plans and strategies, foreign exchange translations, costs and cost savings initiatives, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Hasbro's 2014 results highlight the power of understanding our consumers and audiences by garnering great consumer insights to drive innovation and build brands globally. Superior retail execution, compelling storytelling and global consumer engagement across mediums further strengthens these brands. At Hasbro, consumer insights and storytelling surround our brands and sits at the center of our brand blueprint. This brand blueprint is the strategy our global teams are employing around the world, and through which we are differentiating Hasbro in a competitive marketplace. Through innovation and storytelling, we are creating the world's best play experiences. In 2014, the execution of our strategy resulted in revenue growth of 5%. Improved profitability across segments delivered an adjusted operating profit growth rate of 7%, and an expanded operating profit margin of 14.9%. For the year, Hasbro Franchise Brands grew 31%. This growth was driven by story-led brands, including MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS, but also from innovation based firmly in our global consumer insights for brands, including NERF and PLAY-DOH. In total, 6 of our 7 Franchise Brands grew in 2014: MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS. Within our partner brand portfolio, great story telling and content supported by innovation propelled MARVEL properties to higher levels, behind The Avengers, Spider-Man, and the Guardians of The Galaxy franchises. Geographically, the global execution of our strategy drove International segment revenue growth of 8% in 2014 or 13% on a constant currency basis. 6 of 7 Hasbro Franchise Brands grew in the segment. Emerging market revenues increased 20%. Our playbook to continue growing in these significant markets includes driving consumer engagement with innovative product lines for Hasbro and partner brands, combined with television and film content distributed across mediums. These elements make our brands more attractive to a growing middle class, increasingly shopping for brands. Emerging Markets now represent 16% of our total revenues, a significant increase from a few years ago. International growth, however, was not limited to Emerging Markets. We grew across all major geographic regions, including major markets such as the U.K., Italy and Spain, as well as Mexico, a developing market for Hasbro, although early 2015 point-of-sale in major European markets is strong. Entertainment and Licensing segment revenues increased 15% and posted its highest ever annual revenues. Investments to establish global licensing teams, our focus on Franchise Brands and global consumer engagement across mediums, in addition to television and film drove these strong results. Our 2014 performance highlighted the strength of our licensing efforts across multiple brands, as both MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS fueled this growth. In the U.S. and Canada segment, actions we took over the past several years to reduce inventory, strengthen our channel strategy and enhance our digital and online capabilities helped return the segment to growth in 2014. This strong execution, coupled with innovation and content, resulted in all 7 of Hasbro's Franchise Brands increasing revenue in the segment. If we turn the clock back to this time last year, the outlook for Hasbro was strong, and we delivered on that promise. Yet as is true in our industry, delivering on that opportunity was not without its challenges. Total Hasbro revenue growth of 5% was broad-based across franchise and partner brands and geographies, but had to compensate for significant declines in both Furby and BEYBLADE. In the U.S., shopping patterns continued to shift later in the year, with the end of the holiday period representing an even greater percentage of consumer takeaway. Point-of-sale trends were positive over the last 4 weeks of the year. For the full year 2014, U.S. POS at our top 5 retailers was down 3% versus 2013, but grew more than 30% in our Franchise Brands. If you remove the impact of declines in both BEYBLADE and Furby, total POS grew 4%. In fact, if you removed either BEYBLADE or Furby, POS was positive in the year. These same trends were true in the fourth quarter. Additionally, online point-of-sale continued to deliver double-digit growth in both the fourth quarter and full year 2014. The positive trends at year-end have carried forward into early 2015, with growth in the U.S. point-of-sale continuing. As I mentioned, international revenues grew 8%, but were significantly impacted by the strengthening dollar. The impact was most pronounced in November and December, and in total, foreign exchange translation reduced 2014 revenues by $93 million. Excluding this impact, growth in the international segment would have been greater at 13%. We anticipate foreign exchange to continue to be a headwind in 2015, and Deb will speak to this further. In the U.S., where currency was not a factor, the industry faced a significant challenge due to the ongoing port dispute on the West Coast. We put our contingency plan to work early on, incurring higher cost to ship product to our East Coast warehouse. As a result, we did not experience any significant issues in delivering our product, and further grew operating profit in the U.S. We anticipate some residual impact early in 2015 as a result of retailer inventory making its way to store shelves, but we do not anticipate this impacting the full year 2015. I can't say enough about what a great job our teams did in minimizing this impact to Hasbro. We achieved 5% revenue growth and 7% operating profit growth, while addressing these challenges. Let's discuss our performance. As expected, given the robust entertainment slate in 2014, the Boys category had a strong year with revenue growth of 20%. Growth in TRANSFORMERS, NERF and MARVEL initiatives more than offset the revenue decline in BEYBLADE. 2014 TRANSFORMERS revenue were in line with 2011 movie year revenues, with revenue gains internationally, in particular, within the Emerging Markets, as well as Licensing. NERF delivered its largest year in history behind incredibly innovative new product and impactful global marketing campaigns. According to NPD, when combined together, NERF and NERF REBELLE would have been the second largest property in the U.S. in 2014. For MARVEL, compelling entertainment and innovation across several franchises resulted in strong growth for MARVEL properties in 2014. Each of these was a significant contributor to Hasbro's growth versus 2013. The Girls category posted its second straight billion dollar year, growing revenues 2%. We have made tremendous progress in building brands that Girls around the world want to experience. MY LITTLE PONY and MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS, NERF REBELLE and the launch of PLAY-DOH DOHVINCI all contributed to this growth, and offset a significant decline in Furby, which was in its third year in English-speaking markets. LITTLEST PET SHOP, our only Franchise Brand, which did not grow for the full year 2014, was relaunched in the second half of the year. Revenues grew slightly in the fourth quarter across Hasbro, and increased for the full year in the U.S. and Canada segment. We continue to build our Girls portfolio, and have a number of exciting new initiatives over the coming years. Our ongoing development of a more contemporary and relevant Games business continued in 2014. MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY, revenues both increased as did revenue for several of our brands, including SIMON and THE GAME OF LIFE. ANGRY BIRDS, DUELMASTERS and TWISTER were among the initiatives that declined in 2014. Over the past few years, we have invested in building our gaming capabilities across analog and digital platforms, including new gaming experiences across our portfolio and investments in the digital platform for MAGIC: THE GATHERING. We continue to build MAGIC: THE GATHERING as a compelling brand experience for our players, and they remain significant growth opportunity globally. Despite a slight revenue decline in 2014, our core gaming brands and our approach to gaming, including our retail execution, have evolved and strengthened significantly over the past few years. We are well positioned to continue driving innovative gaming experiences for global consumers. Finally, the Preschool category revenues declined 4% in 2014. Throughout the year, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS performed very well, but were offset by declines in core PLAYSKOOL and SESAME STREET. In Preschool, we are focused on Hasbro Franchise Brands and story-led initiatives, where we believe we can differentiate our offerings and deliver higher profitability. While revenue has declined, today's revenue commands a higher margin and our profitability is growing. For 2015, we have new initiatives across our portfolio of Hasbro and partner brands. We look forward to sharing these with you on Friday at Toy Fair. In support of our brand development efforts, we also furthered content and digital capabilities last year. Hasbro Studios continues to drive storytelling and brand activation. Our shows were among the highest rated shows globally where they appear, and today are airing at a 100% of the territories into which they sell. Storytelling is unlocking incremental revenue and earnings power in our business. In October, in the U.S., Discovery Family debuted in partnership with Discovery Communications. We incurred incremental costs in 2014 associated with this transition, but we believe these changes enhance the value of this network and its long-term profitability. We're already seeing improved ratings on the network, including the best December since forming the joint venture. Discovery Family remains the most co-viewed network in terms of percentages of adults and kids watching together across all kids networks. Hasbro studio shows are prominently featured on the network. Since debuting in October 2014, Discovery Family Channel has aired more than 1,000 total hours of Hasbro content with an average of 68 hours per week to date. We also advanced our film strategy with multiple films in development with studio partners and the formation of Allspark Pictures. Similar to television, we are making strategic investments with our resources and in selective instances, our capital, where we believe we can deliver higher returns and more compelling brand experiences. Finally, our continuous determined drive to build on our consumer-centric insights, brands resonance and operational efficiencies are paying off with growth and profitability across all segments. At the same time, we are investing in future brands and capabilities while returning significant capital to our shareholders. We look forward to sharing with you more about our plans for 2015 and beyond later this week at Toy Fair. I would like to now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As Brian said, 2014 was a good year for Hasbro, as revenues and profit grew. We returned significant capital to shareholders, and our underlying financial performance was strong despite several challenges in the marketplace, including a large negative foreign exchange impact at the end of the year. Our business grew across segments, geographies and franchise and partner brands. Our investments in new markets, in global teams and in new capabilities and systems enabled this performance, and our ongoing focus toward lowering cost and maximizing profitability is delivering results. We ended 2014 in a strong financial position. We generated $454 million in operating cash flow, and ended the year with $893 million of cash on the balance sheet. Before we discuss the year's results, please note there were a number of charges and benefits in both 2014 and 2013. We've included a reconciliation of both years to reported amounts in today's release and the presentation accompanying this call. During my discussion of our business, I will exclude these items as they do not speak to the underlying performance of Hasbro. Looking at our segments for the full year 2014, revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 1%. Growth in the Boys category offset declines in the Girls Games and Preschool categories. All 7 of Hasbro's Franchise Brands grew revenues in 2014, as did MARVEL properties. This growth more than offset the expected declines in Furby and BEYBLADE. Our U.S. business is posting positive gains after several challenging years. Franchise Brand POS was up 31% in 2014 and we're well positioned from an inventory and brand initiative standpoint for 2015. In Canada, revenue declined in the year, but point-of-sale at our retailers increased. Looking ahead to 2015, given Target's decision to exit the Canadian market, the environment will be more challenging. Operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 7% for the year, reflecting the higher revenue levels and improved expense leverage. In the international segment, full year 2014 revenues increased 8%, with 6% growth in Europe, 14% growth in Latin America and 10% growth in Asia-Pacific. Emerging market revenues increased 20%. For the year, foreign exchange had a negative $87.7 million impact on revenues for this segment. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, international segment revenues grew 13% and Emerging Markets grew approximately 30%. Internationally, the Boys, Girls and Preschool categories all grew revenues in 2014, and more than offset a decline in the Games category. As in the U.S. and Canada segment, strong growth in Hasbro Franchise Brands was further supported by growth in MARVEL products. 6 of our 7 Franchise Brands grew, and this growth was partially offset by declines in Furby and BEYBLADE. Operating profit increased 17% in the international segment on higher revenues and improved expense leverage. We continue to make investments in certain international territories to build our brands, enhance our talent and build new capabilities. In 2015, the International segment and Hasbro overall faced difficult comparisons, given the current foreign exchange environment and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. 55% of our 2014 revenues were denominated in U.S. dollars. The next largest currency was the euro at 16% of revenues, and all other currencies were less than 5% each of revenues. Total Hasbro 2014 revenues translated at current foreign exchange rates would be approximately $250 million lower than what we reported. Translation not only impacts our top line revenues, but our profitability as well. Given the impact from foreign exchange occurred so late in the year, it had an approximate $25 million negative impact on net earnings. While we anticipate raising prices in many markets outside the U.S. to recover some of the profitability in these markets, the comparison will be difficult. Our final major segment, the Entertainment and Licensing segment, grew revenues 15%. Growth in lifestyle licensing revenues for Hasbro Franchise Brands, including MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS, was the primary driver behind the record year for this segment. The Entertainment and Licensing segment operating profit increased 28% on an adjusted basis, reflecting the higher lifestyle Licensing revenues in the year. For Hasbro, overall, higher revenue and improved expense leverage delivered higher overall profitability in 2014, both in operating profit dollars and margin. Cost of sales, as a percentage of revenue, declined to 39.7% versus 40.7% in 2013. As we experienced throughout the year, growth in entertainment properties, including TRANSFORMERS and MARVEL, as well as higher Entertainment and Licensing revenues, were the primary contributors to this improvement. With the growth in Entertainment-backed revenues, royalty expense also increased. For 2014, royalty expense increased to 7.2% of revenues. This is in line with our stated expectation of being within the range of our 5-year average of 7.3%. Full year product development expense increased to 5.2% of revenues. Investment in our brands and innovation is ongoing and strategically important for Hasbro. As we previously communicated, we began development of the Disney Princess and Frozen properties in the fourth quarter, ahead of revenues which do not commence until 2016. As a result, as anticipated, 2014 product development expense was above the high end of our typical product development range of 4.5% to 5%. In 2015, we anticipate product development as a percent of sales to be in the range of 5% to 5.5%. This expense should return to our more normalized range in future years, as we begin to recognize revenues associated with the Disney Princess and Frozen properties. Intangible amortization declined to $52.7 million for the year, as some of our assets had been fully amortized. The program production cost amortization declined slightly, and remained near the 1.1% of revenues we projected for the full year. Brian discussed the importance of storytelling, and the role film and television has in building brands globally. We will continue investing in content creation to build our brands. SD&A increased 6%, slightly ahead of our revenue growth for the year. As we discussed previously, we're making investments in our business, including our digital capabilities with MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Backflip, where we've increased staff, and had a full year of expense versus 2013. Additionally, equity compensation increased in 2014 versus 2013, as did depreciation associated with systems in which we've invested. Our efforts to lower our underlying cost basis have unlocked additional earnings power in our business, while enabling us to invest in new capabilities, innovations and systems to drive the growth of Hasbro over the long-term. Turning to our results below operating profit for the quarter. Other expense for the year was $8.5 million compared to $9.7 million in 2013. Our share of the operating income of Discovery Family Channel was $7.8 million versus a loss of $2.4 million in 2013. We also record the impact of foreign exchange transactions in this line. In 2014, given the dramatic swings in currency devaluations during the year, most notably, the significant drop at year-end in the euro, ruble and real against the U.S. dollar, we recorded an expense of $20.9 million versus an expense of $5.2 million last year. There are also 2 large items in our reported other expense I want to highlight. The first is that 2014 reported other expense included $29.8 million associated with restructuring our equity investment in the Discovery Family Channel joint venture. The second is that reported other expense for the year also included $36 million from the sale of our license rights associated with intellectual property. Our 2014 underlying tax rate was 26.5% versus 25.8% in 2013. For 2015, we currently expect our full year underlying tax rate to be in the range of 26.5% to 27.5%, reflecting continued higher anticipated earnings in the U.S. During the fourth quarter, in the interest of resolving a long-standing dispute, Hasbro reached a settlement for the years 2000 to the end of 2013 with the Mexican Tax Authorities. This is in line with our previously stated expectations totaling $65 million in tax payments. This settlement does not materially impact our overall tax rate in future periods. We remain committed to meeting our tax obligations around the world, and for the end of 2013, are no longer subject to audit in most markets. For the full year, average diluted shares were 129.9 million shares compared to 131.8 million last year. The actual amount of shares outstanding at the end of 2014 was 124.5 million. Diluted earnings per share, absent charges and benefits, for the full year 2014 were $3.15 versus $2.83 in 2013. We returned $677.6 million to shareholders in 2014, $216.9 million in cash dividends, and $460.7 million in share repurchase. Given the availability of cash in the U.S., we increased our repurchase activity in 2014. Our expectation is that 2015 share repurchases will return to a lower more normalized level. At year-end, $64.2 million remained available in our current share repurchase authorization, and today, we announced our Board has approved a new $500 million share repurchase authorization. Additionally, we announced today that the board has approved a $0.03 per share or 7% increase in the quarterly dividend. The new quarterly dividend rate of $0.46 per share will be payable on May 15 to shareholders of record on May 1. We remain committed to investing in our business and returning excess capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Receivables at year-end were essentially flat with 2013, and DSOs declined 1 day to 76 days. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, receivables increased approximately 10%. Inventories declined $9.2 million versus last year and is of good quality. Inventory in the U.S. and Canada declined, while inventory in growing international markets, in particular, Emerging Markets, increased. Adjusting for a negative foreign exchange impact, inventory increased 8%. We also ended 2014 with good inventory positions at our retailers. In closing, 2014 was a good year for Hasbro as the team delivered improvements in both revenue and profits globally, and both our financial and cash positions are strong. We believe in the underlying top and bottom line strength in our business, and we're well positioned to capitalize on our innovative lines and robust entertainment in 2015, while we continue to invest for growth in our business for the long-term. I look forward to seeing you at Toy Fair later this week to further outline our initiatives and financial outlook for 2015. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Sean McGowan with Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I have a couple of questions, if I can. First, can you give us an update on what's happening with Backflip Studios, and should we expect in 2015 to see some Hasbro properties coming out of that studio?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, good morning, Sean. We will start to see Hasbro Studios and Hasbro brands properties coming out from Backflip Studios this third and fourth quarter. We've had a few that were more about network building than revenue generation early on, but you'll see a significant increase in Hasbro Studios brand, Hasbro brands properties. The other element is they are working on some new exciting brands within the Backflip portfolio, including something very exciting with DragonVale.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Did anything else go on with their other properties during 2014?
Brian D. Goldner: No. They continue to have NinJump and Paper Toss and several other brands that they launched, PLUNDERNAUTS and Seabeard, but DragonVale, obviously, is the largest brand, their Franchise Brand, if you will, and they're working on an exciting new initiative around DragonVale for the second half of this year.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. You may have said this in the remarks or maybe I didn't catch it clearly. What was the performance of MAGIC in the fourth quarter? Was that up?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, it was. Yes.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Can you just remind us why the change from 2 sets to -- I mean, from 4 to 2 sets?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we actually -- for 2015, there are a couple of things going on. So there are more than 2 initiatives that are going on that we'll launch in 2015. We'll have 2 sets, but then we also have an additional, the core set. So in fact, it's a transition, and the teams got some pretty robust storytelling plans around that brand. And again, we're very excited about what we're seeing in MAGIC, the momentum in MAGIC continues. The number of Friday gaming sessions has increased. We're up to nearly 7,000 every Friday, where fans are getting together to play. We have additional tournaments this year around several of the releases. By summer, we'll have a tournament that will actually take place in 3 different countries around the world. So in fact, I think MAGIC and the opportunity for MAGIC players to play face-to-face in a number of different ways increases throughout the year.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then last question, can you help us understand what the impact was, if any, to Hasbro from these West Coast port disruptions? I mean, was -- did you recognize some sales earlier than the fourth quarter, and what do you think the impact will be in the first half of 2015?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think you have to -- you divide up our business between our domestic inventory that we carry into the U.S. into our warehouses. Our team did a tremendous job of thinking through what might happen with West Coast ports and brought more into the East Coast throughout 2014. We didn't advance shipments. We just took those shipments, and took the extra time that we knew it would take to get to the East Coast. It resulted in slightly higher cost, although we expanded the U.S. business' operating margin at the same time. The impact really comes when you look at the way retailers take their FOB or direct import shipments because they, in certain instances, continued to bring those into the West Coast more prevalently, and that's why we commented that early in the year, you might see some shipments continue to come in to the first quarter, but we think for the full year, we don't see any impact to our 2015 numbers.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So with the impact to a company like Hasbro be that open to buys might be lower in the first half because retailers are still taking a product that they had thought would come in early, is that what you mean?
Brian D. Goldner: I think it's not prevalent among retailers. I think there's probably 1 or 2 retailers that their direct import business will carry over into 2015 a bit. And so I think in the first quarter, certainly, we're going to see a little bit of that come in, not impacting Hasbro per se, as much as maybe their total direct import shipments, but we don't think that, that has an impact beyond the first half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Schwartz with SunTrust Robinson.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to touch on, Brian, you made a bunch of commentary just around POS, and maybe I missed some of it. So can you maybe go over that again just in terms of how POS looked to the fourth quarter into '15 maybe by regions, if possible?
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. In the U.S., what I was saying is that our POS in the fourth quarter and for the full year was down slightly single digits. However, it was really impacted by high dollar sales items like Furby, and obviously, the dollar sales associated BEYBLADE. So my point was, if you took out either of those initiatives, our POS for the year in the quarter would have been up. So again, it's not related to the underlying strength of several of our segments, it was related to the absolute dollars, and please keep in mind that POS doesn't count all of the sales that we have in the U.S. because, obviously, MAGIC -- 4/5 of MAGIC is outside of the purview of major retailers and POS inside NPD is about 90% of our sales, so they're sales outside. Then if you look at our international business, POS both for the quarter and for the full year was up significantly in a number of markets, was up overall, with the exception of really 2 where we have data. So it was up in Canada, up in Mexico, Australia, up in the U.K., up in Spain, and POS was down single digits in France and Germany.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And that's for the full year?
Brian D. Goldner: That was for the full year and the fourth quarter.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then just -- you had mentioned specifically just the closing of a part of Canada's -- can you give us any sense how large that business is for you and maybe how you kind of deal with that in the year ahead? I'm assuming inventory will be adjusting around and some other things.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think that in the short term, it impacts our business. Longer term, we've already heard from several customers who plan to expand their businesses in Canada, who had great success in Canada, and so we think this is more of a short-term issue as stores and store locations close, change hands, and perhaps reopen under new ownership. And it's just a matter of working through that process. Overall, the Canadian business in terms of POS was quite good for the year, and our brands continue to resonate quite well up there. So I think this is a matter of working through some shorter-term issues, 2015 related issues as we change out for kind of dominant retailers in that territory.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Piper Jaffray.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a couple of questions if I can. Deb, one for you. With respect to your comment that the revenue is now commanding a higher margin, can you just talk about the next couple of years, are there any major investments we should be aware of or can we assume that this incremental margin continues to expand here over the next, I would say, 1 to 2 years? And then Brian, a question for you. I'm just curious, as you think about the STAR WARS opportunity, your international business and your global distribution platform has evolved substantially since 2008. Does that change either how you think about the potential volume or the profitability of that business as we face that opportunity in the back half of this year?
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. Why don't I -- I'll start with the brand, and then Deb can -- will come back and talk about expanding operating margins. I think STAR WARS, there are several elements to the brand that are both new and different as we go forward this year. Obviously, the new initiative, we saw great success around the television that was on in the fourth quarter of 2014, and how it helped to drive the STAR WARS brand. We all know how content really drives that brand, as well as many others. We're very excited about the movie, but the movie does come later in the year, December 18, 2015, and so therefore, I would expect that our revenues for the first movie would be split across calendar years, and I would hope that people would recognize that you'd see a couple of quarters of impact to STAR WARS this year, and then into '16 for several quarters, and really into what becomes several years of STAR WARS positive impact between the trilogy movies, and then the new stories that will be told. The second piece, as you asked about globality, clearly, what we've seen in MARVEL is the impact of Disney, our partnership with Disney, our increasing global scope and scale, their increased global scope and scale. We're seeing a more internationally-oriented MARVEL business. We also saw a more internationally-oriented TRANSFORMERS business this past year because we are having impact in so many territories, and we would expect that to carry forward for STAR WARS. As we are starting to see increases in operating margin in those regions, we would expect over time to see increases in operating margin, but recognize that, today, our international territories in Emerging Markets operating margin are below the company average operating margin. So I think that, that does have a mitigating impact in the short term and an expanded operating margin opportunity in the longer term. The last piece I'll note is that the excitement around STAR WARS is significant, and I think that there are a number of licensees that have the opportunity to share in that brand, and therefore, we are going to do all that we can. We have an amazing innovations in action figures and role play and games and several other categories. We can't wait to show the line. There are others that also will have the opportunity to sell in market, STAR WARS product coming this fall, and then throughout the trilogy series.
Deborah M. Thomas: So the other things that are impacting our margin, we did see an improvement in our gross margin this year, and that was due to the success of our brands, particularly our Franchise Brands. But one of the headwinds that we talked about for next year is foreign exchange. Many of our product costs are denominated in U.S. or Hong Kong dollars, which had stayed pretty stable, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against foreign exchange. So while over the longer term we do have the opportunity, as Brian was saying, to really adjust for the currency impact because of the rate and pace of the change, it had a more significant impact for us in the fourth quarter, but will continue to have an impact to us in 2015. So as far as hedging, as you know, we hedged a substantial amount of our product purchases, but not all of it. And I think on a blended basis, we've hedged about just under 70% for 2015. So we'll continue to be impacted by currency from that, and we will continue to invest in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online and in projects that create the longer-term cost efficiency. So we've talked about in the past our $100 million cost-savings initiative, which we've established about $90 million through the end of 2014, and we've identified that final $10 million, we'll talk a little bit more about that on Friday. But for us, it's really about investing in our business and putting things in place that create those longer-term efficiencies, still allowing us to invest in creative storytelling and innovative product line. So the one other thing that we have impacting our margins on the shorter-term basis is the development expense for Disney Princess and Frozen line because I'll just remind you, we don't have revenue that coincides with that until 2016.
Brian D. Goldner: And while we're continuing to drive, develop and create new storytelling, our cash expense in storytelling have declined '14 versus '13. And as we build efficiencies and experience in how to create content, we're able to sort of take that into account as we go forward.
Stephanie Schiller Wissink - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: That's really helpful. Deb, just one more follow-up on resin. Can you just give us a level of exposure in your cost of sales that's related to resin and any benefit from oil costing coming down?
Brian D. Goldner: If you look at the -- if you take our total cost of goods, it's 39.7% this past year. If you take the percentage that's resin, it's 5.7 percentage points of that 39.7%. So actually, labor and paperboard are higher as a percent of cost as a component of our total cost of goods. So what we've seen in the past, what we tend to see, is that resin falls in arrears to oil prices because, obviously, it's a produced product beyond just crude oil. So over time, we would expect to get some benefit, but again, try to size the impact overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions here. I wanted to revisit your POS in Europe. You called out a few countries to where it was strong in Western Europe and a couple were just down a little bit. But as a whole, maybe if you want to include Eastern Europe or not, your shipment seemed quite a bit above that POS, and just maybe kind of help us with the difference between those 2, and then...
Brian D. Goldner: No, actually. Yes, okay, sorry -- go ahead.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No, go ahead, Brian, that may change my second question.
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. Yes, so if we look at Europe, we said that the revenues were up 6% for the year in Europe, obviously, up stronger in Emerging Markets, so Eastern Europe and Russia were up better than that. Our inventories are very much in line with our sales. If you look at inventories at year-end, you'll see that they are really aligned to where the sales have occurred. So across Europe, what we saw is that POS increases were absolutely in that range. U.K., for example, was 8% POS increase for the year, and I would say that inventories today are very much in line with those kinds of sales increases. We don't see significant issues and pockets of inventory. I think we've managed that very well. The inventory is really following the rate of sale globally. Inventories also, obviously, going into Latin America. We don't have specific POS data the way that it's reported through NPD. We have our own data, and we've seen great performance throughout Latin America. Obviously, the region was up by 14%, and we saw great growth in -- not only Brazil, but Columbia, Peru and into Mexico, and I would say, again, we're very comfortable with the inventories we have, and the inventories are following our sales growth globally.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. That's very helpful. Then the second question is, whoever wants to take this, as you look to '15, and I know, in general, you don't give a lot of specific guidance. But as you look at '15 on a reported sales basis, if currency rates hold at yesterday or Friday's level or whatever near benchmark you're using here, and given the headwinds in Canada, do you expect reported sales growth at this point for '15?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, let me say it this way because we've look at, and really thought about where our business is in '15, and you're right, we don't provide specific guidance. But I would tell you that we feel very comfortable in saying that our underlying growth in our brands and our underlying growth in our operating profit in '15 should be positive. We feel we have the initiatives, certainly, across all of our major segments. As we look at FX, there's really 3 elements to the impact of 4x. It was the size of change, the rate of change and then the range of currencies impacted. In the case of the fourth quarter, all 3 came in at high levels, if you will, the size of the change, the speed of the change and the rate of currency. Obviously, with a bit more time, we start to address that. Deb noted that in her comments that we begin to address that as we look at our longer-term cost of goods and in the short-term pricing for products to recover those revenues and earnings power in the country. So I would be -- it would be too early for us to say one way or the other, because again, we don't know exactly where FX will be. But I will tell you, the underlying strength of our company and the strength of our people running countries around the world, I feel very confident in the underlying strength of our brands and our trajectory for 2015.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So again, Brian, by saying underlying, you're saying excluding FX, you feel highly confident in both of those being up?
Brian D. Goldner: That's right, yes. The underlying strength means absent FX. I don't know if you want to comment further.
Deborah M. Thomas: We have, and we do, as Brian said, we feel pretty good about the initiatives we have for '15 and the underlying top and bottom line strength of our business. But I'll remind you, in case you missed it in our prepared remarks, currency does have a big impact on a translation standpoint, and we don't hedge for translation, and at current rates, it would had about a $250 million impact on our reported earnings for 2015 -- '14.
Brian D. Goldner: Reported revenue.
Deborah M. Thomas: Reported revenue, sorry.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Last question, Furby, BEYBLADE, really not a comparable factor for '15 at this point?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, although we'd all like to move beyond the comparisons, I think BEYBLADE becomes de minimis in 2015. Furby has performed very well, was down to a significant degree, but please remember that in non-English-speaking markets, Furby Boom just launched in fall of 2014. So Furby still represents a sizable brand and business in our international market, and therefore, we'll probably continue to talk about Furby comparisons for a bit of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I had a question on capital allocation. It's nice to see that you're raising your dividend, as well as your buyback authorization this morning. But I was hoping, Brian, you can speak your philosophy around M&A, and specifically, acquisition criteria, and where acquisitions fall in your list of cash priorities.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Well, thank you for the question. If you look over the last 5 years, this management team has returned 143% of net earnings to its shareholders via both the dividend and the share buyback. Last year, nearly $680 million returned, $217 million of which was in a dividend, $461 million of which was in buybacks. Deb will talk more about capital structure, but you have a management team that's very committed to returning excess capital to shareholders. We still also believe strongly in investing in our business, and we're also building our brands and innovation insight and storytelling capabilities organically as we speak, and certainly we think given the global growth potential of something like MAGIC: THE GATHERING, and its strong profitability that enjoys investing in that brand for longer-term growth is certainly warranted, and I think something our shareholders would support. And in terms of specific M&A, there's not anything that we look at today that where we say that there's something out there that we're thinking about at all, and that we continue to be skeptical about M&A activity. I think that we focus on our brand blueprint, and the acquisition we made in Backflip were really working to get Backflip to grow and to invest there so that we can be more a player in that mobile gaming space where we see both kids and casual players going.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just another kind of philosophical question around your portfolio, you have several owned brands and many licensed brands with good momentum today. As we think about the company, let's say, 5 years out, I know it's a long time from now, but how do you envision the owned segment of your portfolio? You've got properties like TRANSFORMERS, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, extremely good momentum. If we look out 5 years from now, are we looking at a whole new set of brands, whether organically created or acquired, that could be needle movers within the portfolio or are TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY and the likes going to be even bigger contributors to the portfolio?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think there are really 3 elements to our brand building and the way we look at brand building. The first in the early 2000s was building our core brands, which are now Franchise Brands, and continuing to foster growth there; secondly, major brand adjacencies. You've seen the success of things like NERF REBELLE, DOHVINCI, EQUESTRIA GIRLS. You'll continue to see those adjacencies. And as we move forward here over the next bit, including 2015, you're going to see some new brands, and we'll begin to add new brands. Some of them will be vault brands that Hasbro owns and controls, and some will be new brands that we invent, and some may be some from our partners over the next period of time, and we'll talk more about that. John Frascotti will lead the discussion of that on Friday as we start to talk about 2015, and you'll certainly see entrance in all 3 of those areas. We do believe that our Franchise Brands can be much larger. We're starting to see our brands get to highest ever revenues. We talked about how NERF is performing, and certainly, PLAY-DOH and MY LITTLE PONY, and that we've moved those brands significantly versus when we first started, but there's still a lot of headroom and growth for our Franchise Brands globally over the next several years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Brian, in your prepared remarks and throughout this call, when you talked about the performance of Girls, you mentioned a number of things that were headwinds there. But we do not hear you talk about the competitive environment, particularly given Frozen and how popular that was, so just wondering was that an impact at all in your Girls business? And if so, how should we expect that to continue to be a headwind, if at all, in early '15?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. We saw very strong growth with our Franchise Brands in our Girls business. The one headwind I talked about in Girls was Furby, and I would say that unfortunately, to talk about Furby as a headwind, it's one of our brands, but it was a headwind. It was a headwind in the fourth quarter, had a large impact in the fourth quarter, and frankly, throughout the year, but clearly, the fourth quarter had significant impact. If we look at the growth of our Franchise Brands, MY LITTLE PONY had a very strong year, up double digits, both in the fourth quarter and for the full year, EQUESTRIA GIRLS contributed significantly to that brand. In addition, NERF REBELLE has really performed well. PLAY-DOH DOHVINCI is off to a very strong start. So I would not view the Frozen success in any way as impeding our progress as a company. We think that Frozen and the Princes business is very complementary to what we are currently working on, and EQUESTRIA GIRLS is very different than the Frozen brand and recipients of those 2 brands, very complementary. So what we would say is a great opportunity for growth, we're very excited about the developments we are undertaking in 2015 around Frozen and Disney Princess, and we're very excited about 2016 as we bring product out to the market, and we may show you a few things later this week that are equally exciting for 2015 in our Girls arena, but I'll leave that to the team to share that with you on Friday.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess that's a little teaser to get us all out, huh?
Deborah M. Thomas: [indiscernible]
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, Brian, folks have asked this question in a number of ways. I'm going to go forward here. You say -- especially in the first half of 2015, you say there's different puts and takes because you have the headwinds that you've talked about. You faced tough comps in Boys. We have the Target, the issue of Canada, Target in Canada. You have FX. You have the -- the stuff you talked about in the port issues, although you said that might not affect you as much, Furby, but you also have tailwinds in the first half, which you've alluded to, which I'm sure we'll see some of that on Friday. Are you -- when you think about the headwinds, the tailwinds, are you optimistic that the tailwinds can offset the headwinds in the first half because that's really what investors are most focused on right now?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. If you talk about the Boys business, I know that we're talking about tough comparisons, but we have a line up, as I indicated a year ago. We said we were entering the first year of an unprecedented era of new Boys entertainment coming to the market, and 2015, in our mind, is even better than 2014. You have Avengers that comes in early May. You have Jurassic World. We have Ant Man, the Fantastic Four, and then, obviously, in December, you have STAR WARS. So I would say that as we look at the year, we feel very good about the underlying strength of our brands, and we feel good about each of our categories of product that we're bringing to the marketplace. What we obviously are contending with was a very fast-changing foreign exchange environment. Over the longer term, companies like Hasbro have always been able to adapt to marketplace factors, and can address those issues, and we are already underway in addressing those issues, but, clearly, given the size and rate of change of ForEx, I would say that, that's probably, in the short term, the biggest headwind. And everything that management and our teams can control, we are controlling toward growth, with good momentum coming into '15. I also mentioned that our POS is quite good, is up in the U.S. and is quite strong throughout Europe, 2015 POS. So we're off to a very good start.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And Deb, should I just -- I know you gave us a lot of data on FX and translation and transaction and all that, and we can do -- crunch numbers all afternoon and figure that out, but should I just give up hope that you'll ever give us just a nice, easy sensitivity to work from?
Deborah M. Thomas: Felicia, if I had my crystal ball and I could do foreign exchange, I'd be happy to share that with you, but I do think it's important. If we just look at current rates, as Brian said, it really is the rate and pace of change. So rates declined so significantly at the end of the fourth quarter, and continued to go down into January. And of late, they've been a little bit more stable, but still went down from there. At current rates would have had a $250 million impact to our reported revenues. That being said, over the long term, we believe it will still have about a 10 -- any impact you model in from foreign exchange would have about a 10% to 15% impact to earnings over the longer term.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just going back to the U.S. POS that was positive in 2015, which brands really stood out? Did anything change in terms of momentum you saw in the fourth quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, what I had said, Greg, was just to be clear, absent either BEYBLADE or a Furby, you would see positive POS in the fourth quarter for our brands. So what that speaks to is the underlying strength of our brands, particularly, our Franchise Brands. Our Franchise Brand POS in the full year was up 30%, and revenues were up 30% as well. So we've seen strong growth in Franchise Brands, obviously, up some comparisons in -- comparing Furby and BEYBLADE, obviously, have some impact to overall POS. And then of course, MAGIC: THE GATHERING in the U.S. is outside of 80% of that business outside of the NPD data or the POS data, and we have said that MAGIC was up. Both in full year, it was up quite strongly in the fourth quarter with the new Khans of Tarkir launch and release, which has been very popular among players. So as we look at this underlying strength of our brands, Franchise Brands, and then our adjacencies, new brand adjacencies, as well as new brands, we feel that we are well positioned and have good momentum going into 2015.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Very helpful. And retail inventory being in a good position, if we go back to last time, this time last year, I was trying to read the transcript, and I didn't really see a comparable type of comment. So how would you characterize it last year? Was it in a good position, worse off, and now you're in a better position inventory level wise?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think that we certainly have inventories where we have sales growth. I think they're really well lined-up. I think a year ago, we were still clearing through a little bit of NERF inventory, maybe a little bit of LITTLEST PET SHOP inventory as we were changing over the brand for 2014. So overall, we would say we began the year 2015 with inventories in a good place, our retail inventories in a very good place, and our own inventories are strong as well and in the right spot. U.S. inventory is down. International inventory is up, and it tracks quite well up against the sales increases we've seen country-by-country.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Very helpful. And then I'll just bring -- because you had mentioned Toy Fair, is there one segment where if we're looking out at your new products that could really see an acceleration in growth from the level -- sort of innovation that you're going to be introducing? Should we look out for one category in particular?
Brian D. Goldner: Actually, I would say that you're going to see innovation across all the categories of our brands, and you'll see that on Friday. You're going to see new brand initiatives, core franchise initiatives and adjacencies, new in several instances, and we're going to take advantage of the momentum we have in our brands and add to that. And we've spent a significant amount of time looking at proprietary consumer research. Our team over the last year has interacted with nearly 80,000 consumers, kids and parents, in several countries around the world. So our investments in consumer insight are really leading us to these innovations and marketing initiatives because we want to understand our consumers and our audiences better than anybody else.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you guys just talk to any trends that you may have seen emerging in the Preschool space that's made it more difficult for everybody to compete? And then any color commentary you might have on the cadence of promotions at the retail channels since the end of the holiday season, would be great?
Brian D. Goldner: In Preschool, we've really seen that as kids have gotten a bit more media-savvy at a younger age that, clearly, characters and story-led brands are winning today. We've seen that in our own portfolio, where our TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS performed quite well. We also have early creativity brands like PLAY-DOH, which have performed incredibly well and are doing so globally. It's one of our most global brands. I think that our focus has been in core PLAYSKOOL to bring some level of value to the company back in getting our profit margins more in line with our expectations, ensuring that we have innovative products that are valuable to the consumer and our customers, and also provide a good operating return to Hasbro. So looking at the innovations, and you'll see some things at the end of the week that bring great innovation back to that core PLAYSKOOL business, and do so in a way that enables our customers and Hasbro to make money, and I think that's one of the watchwords. The other area that we're very excited about is in SESAME STREET. Again, I don't want to steal the team's thunder, but there's some new product in that area for the fourth -- third and fourth quarter that is very exciting and very intuitive, so we're looking forward to launching that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Wondered if you could talk about the impact of Discovery Family Channel now that you are below a 50% owner. How is that going to impact your P&L, and how should we be thinking about your TV development strategy?
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, certainly, from our television development strategy, as Brian mentioned earlier, we remain committed to our storytelling capabilities because we really see the benefit that has in our brand. And while we develop programming for Discovery Family Channel, which we will continue to do, we then take that programming and leverage it by selling it internationally and through other channels. So it really is more of an effort in that spend for us than just the U.S. brand, but what we've seen now is Discovery Family is that the network continues to perform well. As we said, we had some charges that we kind of called out in the third and fourth quarter just because they're not ongoing, but overall, the network has moved to a profit, and we continue to expect it to do well. We'll still program a good part of the day part, and so our programming still is doing very well on Discovery Family Channel.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: So your overall programming hours, you don't expect is going to be changing?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. In fact, we noted that since the relaunch in October, we had aired over 1,000 hours of programming on the channel, and it's, on average, about 68 hours a week. So we're primarily programming the daytime kids day parts. We have a range of library shows that are running, plus new shows that we're producing. As Deb said, we're then able to take those shows out around the world. One of the changes that we made as a result of the new relationship, the amended relationship, is the ability to take some of our shows out beyond the channel for a first run. So Transformers: Robots in Disguise, which is the new series, will air globally on Cartoon Network beginning next month, so that's a change. So both domestically and internationally, we'll air on Cartoon Network. What we're really seeing for the network is that it's performing quite well, particularly, for girls and younger boys, but we have this opportunity for a show like TRANSFORMERS that skews a bit, older boy, to go out to a network that's more suited for that programming.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: I was hoping you could discuss the timing of shipments for movie-related products, so when will you begin shipping product for STAR WARS, Avengers, Jurassic World and anything else that might be material?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, typically, the range for shipping product is somewhere between 4 and 8 weeks before the launch of the movie. So Avengers is May 1. So in that range, you'll see the different retailers, depending on how quickly they're setting. And Jurassic mid-June. Minions is July 10. Ant Man's the 17 of July. Fantastic 4 is August 7, and then STAR WARS is December 18. STAR WARS, you'll probably see an effort that begins more in the fall with classic product, and then rolls into the movie product about on the timetable I just outlined. And then obviously, STAR WARS will continue into 2016. And each of those, as you'll recall, Gerrick, will have the kind of prior to movie, and then of course, they have windows as the movie hits, all different home entertainment windows marketing around that, new products around that. So it's not just the one and done window. It will carry forward for the year.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. Maybe to be a little bit more specific, when do you anticipate shipping the incremental STAR WARS movie related product? Will that be a back-to-school, July, August type shipment or will be October resets? When will that movie product hit shelf?
Brian D. Goldner: I'm not going to get specific on the call here, but I would say that you will see STAR WARS-related product on shelves in September overall, and then movie product will feather in as we get closer to the movie.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. And then can you quantify the incremental cost for the build-out of Disney Princess infrastructure? How much did it, I guess, hit the fourth quarter? And I know you gave us a range for R&D, but can you give us a sort of a dollar amount, all-in you're expecting to spend on this?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we did say that, as we mentioned in the third quarter, we expected to be at/or above the high-end of our normal 4.5% to 5% range, and did have an impact. So our development expense was 5.2% of revenue for the full year of '14. We do expect that given development in our innovation, but also the impact, particularly of developing for the Disney Princess and Frozen line, without the related revenue, that we will be in the 5% to 5.5% range for 2015.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. And since I'm last here, I want to ask a few more. What was the sale of the license rights? What does that refer to?
Brian D. Goldner: We had a few non-core brands, where we didn't control the brand, where we had some underlying license rights that we sold to a third-party.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. Do you care to tell us what they were?
Brian D. Goldner: No, I'll leave it to them to talk about that.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay, okay. And then one last one, please? Your gross margin performance is quite nice in the quarter. Are you now -- are you fully reserved for any additional markdowns that may pop up in the first quarter? How do you feel about those reserve level?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, we feel very good about our reserves. Obviously, related to inventory and to promotions, and we enter the year with good momentum. We talked about early POS, and feel like we have the inventory in the right place, both in the U.S. and globally.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted to our website following this call. We hope to see many of you on Friday of this week, February 13, at our Annual Toy Fair Investor Event, and our first quarter earnings call is tentatively scheduled for Monday, April 20. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Goldner - President and CEO Deb Thomas - CFO Debbie Hancock - VP, IR
Analysts: Sean McGowan - Needham & Company Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co. James Hardiman - Longbow Research Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Jaime Katz - Morningstar Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the Company’s quarterly performance and then we’ll take your questions. Our third quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our Web site. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today’s earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we’re referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs and cost savings initiatives; financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today’s call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I’d now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In the third quarter, we continue to execute our brand blueprint globally, driving momentum in our franchise brands and key partner brands. We delivered growth in all regions, including the emerging markets where our investments are fueling continued double-digit growth and profitability gains. We took strategic steps to position us for long-term growth, including the addition of Disney Princess and Frozen to our gross portfolio beginning in 2016. Finally, we continue to evolve and improve our content led branded play strategy and I will speak to this effort shortly. Third quarter revenues increased 7%. We grew across all major operating segments of Hasbro including a return to growth in the U.S and Canada segment and continued growth in the international and our entertainment and licensing segments. Profitability increased as adjusted operating profit in the quarter increased 9% and our operating profit margin was 19.4% of revenues. Our focus on Hasbro franchise brands and key partner brands fueled these results. Franchise brand revenues increased 36% in the third quarter. All seven franchise brands grew double-digit in the quarter. Additionally, point of sale at our top five U.S retailers for Hasbro franchise brands was up more than 30% in the quarter and year-to-date. Let’s highlight a few of these brands. NERF continues to be the brand of choice. According to NPD, if we combine NERF and NERF REBELLE it would be the second largest property in the U.S year-to-date through August. NERF revenues grew in the Boys and Girls categories globally, including in both the U.S. and Canada and international segments and point of sale was strong growing double-digits in several markets. MAGIC: THE GATHERING also grew globally increasing in both the U.S. and Canada segment and international segment. The response to the July release of the Magic 2015 Core Set and September release of Khans of Tarkir positions the brand well into 2015. We believe there is tremendous future potential for MAGIC: THE GATHERING, as it continues to grow around the world. We are investing in the brand both in digital and analog play through technology and storytelling. TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION delivered over $1 billion at the global box office. This result coupled with an innovative new line drove strong year-over-year revenue gains in TRANSFORMERS. Through the first nine months of the year, TRANSFORMERS revenues are greater in international markets than in the U.S. and Canada segment, reflecting the mix of box office results and the global expansion of Hasbro. Overall, the brand is performing in line with the last movie year and we’re well into the development for the next installments of TRANSFORMERS content. This includes new television programming as well as collaborating with the filmmakers on our next ideas to reinvent and reimagine the TRANSFORMERS brand in movies. Moving to Girls, the reimagination of LITTLEST PET SHOP is at retail now. While still early on, initial consumer reaction and takeaway is encouraging. MY LITTLE PONY revenues continue to grow in toy and licensed merchandise for both core MY LITTLE PONY and MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS. The second film MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS: RAINBOW ROCKS launched in the U.S on September 27. The first box office weekend exceeded last year’s box office by 37% and on a per theater basis ticket sales in the first three weeks grew in average of 19% in North America. The film will be distributed globally on networks around the world and in support of our all-screen strategy. Our key partner brands contributed to revenue growth this past quarter, driven by our relationship with the Walt Disney Company. Revenues continue to grow in Marvel properties this past quarter, supported by both film and animation, products based on The Avengers and Spider-Man franchises grew revenues in the quarter. Additionally, Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy contributed to the quarters year-over-year results. Building on our relationship with the Walt Disney Company for Marvel and Star Wars, during the third quarter we established a new strategic merchandising relationship with Disney consumer products with a globally popular Disney Princess and Frozen properties. Through this new agreement, Hasbro will develop small and fashion dolls based on Disney Princess stories and characters as well as Frozen. Hasbro’s line will be at retailers beginning in 2016. Our design, development and marketing teams are truly excited to bring their expertise in Girls and consumer driven innovation to the future of Disney Princess and Frozen. This new relationship is a terrific compliment to the prolific Boys entertainment slate over the next several years, including film and television entertainment from Marvel and Lucas Film as well as the next theatrical installments of Hasbro’s brands G.I. Joe and TRANSFORMERS. As I mentioned at the start, we continue to evolve and improve our content led branded play strategy. To accelerate the progress and success of our joint venture television network, Discovery took a majority ownership position in the network during the third quarter, increasing its stake to 60%. On October 13th, Discovery Family debuted. Through our five-year partnership, the Hub Network has enjoyed solid ratings gains, subscriber and advertiser growth and is now profitable. Discovery Family builds on the network’s leadership in co-viewing were kids and families watch together and on the strengths of both Hasbro and Discovery to enhance the value of the network for the audience and for our shareholders. Furthering our all-screen content strategy, we’re building our storytelling and omni screen capabilities globally, reaching kids and families everywhere they’re consuming content. Hasbro will continue to develop new programming in addition to our already rich programming library for Discovery Family and for networks and screens globally as we continue to build brands through storytelling. In the first quarter 2015, we’re launching the next installment of TRANSFORMERS television programming, TRANSFORMERS: ROBOTS IN DISGUISE. The all new show will debut on Cartoon Network in the U.S., the top rated primetime network for Boys ages 6 to 11 and 9 to 14. Hasbro has developed tremendous expertise in producing animation. We are working with the world’s best studios and we know how to produce top quality animation cost effectively. As our content strategy and all screen strategy evolve, we’re building upon our experience in animation and storytelling. In addition to television, there are select films where we’re taking greater control of the process. We have two movies we’re currently developing under our new film label, Allspark Pictures. These films are MY LITTLE PONY and JEM AND THE HOLOGRAMS. Building on the global success of MY LITTLE PONY, we recently announced we’re developing a MY LITTLE PONY animated feature. We have hired a great writer with strong credentials in animated film. In addition, we’re producing a JEM AND THE HOLOGORAMS: LIVE ACTION FEATURE, directed by Jon Chu. The JEM AND THE HOLOGRAM story was reimagined from a Hasbro vault brand and inspired by the social media driven lives of girls today. The film is scheduled for release on October 23, 2015 and will be distributed by Universal Worldwide, with whom we co-finance the film. We envision Allspark Pictures as a new way to make fresh and compelling movies based on new and existing Hasbro brands for audiences globally. Given Halloween is upon us, on October 24 and in partnership with Universal, Ouija will be out in theatres. This is an all-new spooky story that is true to the Ouija brand and rated PG 13. In closing, we’ve entered the holiday season well positioned driving our brands through innovation and consumer insights, supported by engaging marketing programs and strong retail execution around the world. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As Brian said, we had a good third quarter as we grew revenues in all regions and across our franchise brands. Hasbro’s operating profit and operating profit margin increased. We’ve continued to invest in our business for long-term growth, added a key new license beginning in 2016 while remaining focused on improving profitability and returning cash to our shareholders through our stock buyback program and dividend. Before I review the quarter, I want to remind you of several items that impacted both this year’s and last year’s third quarters. In the third quarter of this year, we restructured our investment in the Hub Network joint venture, reducing our ownership to 40% of the network. In connection with this restructuring, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $11.6 million, or $0.06 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2014. This net charge is primarily related to the costs associated with recording the fair value of a put-call option exercisable at the end of 2021 that Hasbro and Discovery entered into related to this transaction. In last year's third quarter, there were a number of factors impacting our reported earnings. This included a pre-tax charge of $75.5 million or $0.50 per diluted share related to an adverse arbitration award. A pre-tax charge of $4.1 million or $0.03 per diluted share associated with restructuring and partial pension settlement charges and a $23.6 million or $0.18 per diluted share favorable tax adjustment. We have included a reconciliation to reported amounts in today's release. During the rest of my discussion of our business, I’ll exclude these items as they do not speak to the underlying performance of Hasbro. Looking at our segments, third quarter revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 4%. Revenues in both the Boys and Games categories grew in the quarter, partially offset by declines in the Girls and Preschool categories. The Girls category decline was primarily the result of an expected decline in FURBY. The Preschool decline was primarily due to the challenging comparisons within Sesame Street, which included a difficult comparison with Big Hugs Elmo in last year's results. Overall in the U.S., we had positive point of sale trends at our top five retailers and our inventory at retail was down slightly at quarter end. At the same time, retailers are expanding inventory to support our growing brands. Point of sale was up in Canada as well. Segment operating profit in the U.S. and Canada increased 16% in the quarter, reflecting the higher revenue levels, favorable mix and improved expense leverage in the quarter, despite being partially offset by a challenging environment in Canada. We also continue to invest in our business, including support of key initiatives such as MAGIC: THE GATHERING. In the international segment, third quarter revenues increased 11% with 7% growth in Europe, 24% growth in Latin America and 11% growth in Asia Pacific.  Foreign exchange had a negative $9.7 million impact on revenue for the segment in the quarter. Internationally, the Boys, Girls and Preschool categories all grew and more than offset a decline in the Games category. Within the Girls category, FURBY revenues declined, but not as significantly as in the U.S and Canada as non-English speaking markets are in their first year of FURBY boom. Operating profit increased 10% in the international segment on higher revenues, which were slightly offset by higher expenses related to supporting our expanding international and emerging markets business. Entertainment and licensing segment revenues grew 10% fueled primarily by lifestyle licensing revenues for Hasbro franchise brands, including MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS. The Entertainment and licensing segment operating profit declined to $493,000 in the quarter. The benefit of higher licensing revenue was offset by lower television and digital streaming revenue as well as the acceleration of programming costs associated with Kaijudo programming. We decided to exit this brand and therefore have lower future revenues to amortize production costs against. While Kaijudo’s retailer and player community continue to grow into August, it did not meet our expectations and Kaijudo’s Vortex card set, which released on August 29, was the games final paper trading card game release. Looking at our overall expenses and profitability, operating profit dollars and margin increased in the third quarter on higher revenue levels, partially offset by continued investments in growing our business for the long-term. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue in the quarter declined. This decline continues to reflect growth in entertainment properties, including TRANSFORMERS and Marvel properties, as well as higher entertainment and licensing revenues. As entertainment-backed revenues grew, royalty expense also increased. In the third quarter, royalties increased to 6.6% of revenues versus 6.3% last year. Through the first nine months, royalties as a percentage of revenues are equal to our five-year average of 7.3%. We continue to believe the full-year will be around this average. Product development was 4% of revenues, a decrease of 2% year-over-year. In the third quarter of last year we had higher product development expenses due to the write-off of early film development for movies which had not yet moved to production. Our investment in innovation remains paramount to driving the future growth of Hasbro. In addition to our ongoing focus on innovation, in the fourth quarter 2014, we’ve begun investing in developing products for the Disney Princess and Frozen properties. Our investment for this exciting new line will ramp up in 2015 ahead of revenues. As the related revenues will not start to be recognized until 2016, we expect this investment to result in higher product development expense as a percent of revenues with our product development spending at the high-end or slightly above our previously communicated target of product development spending of 4.5% to 5% of revenues. In future years, as we begin to recognize revenues, we expect to return to this more normalized range. In the third quarter, intangible amortization declined slightly year-over-year as some of our assets have become fully amortized. Program production cost amortization increased $6 million in the quarter, primarily due to the write-off of television programming I referenced earlier. As Brian discussed, content development is fundamental to our strategy going forward, and we will continue to invest in content supporting our brands. SG&A declined slightly as a percent of quarterly revenues, reflecting the impact of higher revenues. These expenses reflect continued investments in our business, including international operations and MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Turning to our results below operating profit for the quarter, excluding the impact of our restructured investment in the Hub Network we mentioned earlier, other expense was $4.2 million compared to $1.6 million in 2013. This includes a $6.2 million loss from foreign exchange versus a slight gain in 2013. We also recorded our 50% share in the Hub Network in this line. In the third quarter, this improved to a profit of $1.9 million versus a loss of $91,000 last year. In future periods this line will reflect our 40% share of the Discovery Family Channel. As I mentioned, we recorded a charge primarily associated with recording the fair value of a put call option that the Company and Discovery entered into relating to this transaction as well as certain other items, including our share of restructuring charges. We anticipate there could be further expenses associated with restructuring the network in the fourth quarter of 2014 as Discovery Family channel plans are finalized. The third quarter underlying tax rate increased to 27.8% versus 26.5% in the third quarter of 2013. We expect our full-year underlying tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28%, reflecting higher anticipated earnings in the United States. For the third quarter, average diluted shares were 128.7 million shares, compared to 131.8 million last year. The actual amount of shares outstanding at the end of the third quarter 2014 was 126.2 million. Diluted earnings per share, absent charges in the third quarter of 2014 were $1.46 versus $1.31 in 2013. At quarter end, cash totaled $452.2 million, reflecting our higher levels of share purchases. In the third quarter, we returned a $179.2 million to shareholders, $54.7 million in cash dividends and $124.5 million in share repurchases. At quarter end, $183.6 million remained available at our current share repurchase authorization. In the first nine months of the year, we repurchased 6.4 million shares returning $341.3 million to shareholders. Receivables at quarter end increased 8% versus 2013 and compared to a 7% increase in revenue. DSOs were 80 days in both 2014 and 2013. Inventories increased $52 million versus last year. Inventory to support our emerging markets growth was the biggest component of this increase. Year-over-year inventories were also up in developed economies to support anticipated higher revenue levels in 2014. Versus the second quarter, inventory increased slightly by $6 million. Additionally, our inventory at retail is well positioned to support the fourth quarter across the major markets where we are able to track these levels. As I mentioned, retail inventory declined slightly in the U.S., but increased in many of the brands with strong point of sale trends. Outside the U.S., inventories up in some markets, but also well positioned to support the holiday season. With three quarters behind us, the full success of our year will be determined by how consumers embrace our products this holiday season. We are well positioned with innovative brands, inventory in all of our key locations, and strong marketing programs to capitalize on the holiday season. Before we take your questions, I'd like to turn the call back over to Brian for a few additional remarks. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Deb. I want to take a moment and recognize David Hargreaves, Hasbro's Chief strategy Officer. Many of you know David personally. Last week he announced that after 32 years, he will be retiring from Hasbro in February. David’s stewardship, vision, and business acumen have been instrumental in our success today as a branded play company. There is no question Hasbro would not be where it is today without David’s leadership. His legacy will be defined by his tireless work ethic, his belief that Hasbro comes first, and his competitive drive to ensure Hasbro's success is sustainable for generations to come. For me personally he has been a trusted partner and advisor. Please join me in thanking David for his dedication and all the significant contributions to Hasbro and wishing him all the best as he begins this exciting new chapter in his life. Deb and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Sean McGowan with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Thank you and I will echo those sentiments on David. It’s been a pleasure to work with him over the years. A couple of things, if I could ask about, one, can you help us understand the strategy and the kind of bracket the exposure with you getting directly into film production? Why the change and how much money are we talking about being put up?
Brian Goldner: Good morning, Sean.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Good morning.
Brian Goldner: Allspark Pictures is really just an evolutionary step in our content strategy as we think about ourselves as a branded play company. Recognize that over the last few years since we started the studio and began working as a joint venture partner on the Hub, we have already produced 1,250 half hours of kid’s animation and programming. We’ve also produced a few movies with the EQUESTRIA GIRLS. So we’ve already produced full length animated movies. The difference here is really the format of going out and ensuring that rather than getting just a few theaters like we do for EQUESTRIA GIRLS where we get 400, 500 theaters, we want to go out and get more theaters and we want to have a partner that will distribute our movies first in theatrical and then allow us to go through all the different other stages of distribution for that entertainment. So we don't really view in the short-term any kind of material expenses and the technology in animation has really changed so dramatically we’re on the forefront of developing animation and we see that movies can be produced very economically and as you can see we have not had material impact from the movies we produced thus far and while these budgets may be bigger, they’re certainly not as big as the big animated theatricals from other people.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: But didn't you say that the JEM was going to be a live action?
Brian Goldner: Correct. You know JEM again very small budget movie relative to live action movies. It’s an opportunity to take a brand out of the vault, tell the new story and reinvent the brand and then put it out across all the elements of our brand blueprint. So again, we don’t see that budget as significantly material. In fact, the movie has been primarily shot already.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Great. Okay if I could follow-on with one regarding MAGIC. Could you give us some sense of how much it was up in the quarter?
Brian Goldner: MAGIC was up double-digits in the quarter.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Well, that covers a pretty broad range, doesn’t it? So, I think it was pretty crucial to see how these new releases were going to go to date. Did they meet your expectation?
Brian Goldner: Yes, Tarkir has been a great release. The fans have really enjoyed it thus far. Still early days, because you know it’s just been released. We talked about earlier in the year the fact that the releases really do matter. This is a storytelling brand first and foremost and engagement with characters is critical. So this is on track with our expectations and MAGIC continues to demonstrate both short and long-term great potential and we continue to invest in the brand both on the analog and digital side as we see great opportunities not only for this year, but for many years to come in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and growing it as a true global brand, as one of our major franchise brands.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: And are you still seeing an increase in the percentage of the total revenue that’s coming from digital?
Brian Goldner: Yes, we continue to see digital continue to grow over time and we’d expect over time that it would continue to grow.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Brian, I wonder if you could comment on point of sales for the Games business in the quarter. If I missed that, I apologize. And then, you also mentioned that the Games business was down overseas and I just want to understand what the variance was there relative to the performance in the domestic market?
Brian Goldner: Yes, so you have a couple of places where there are some differences by category depending on what the comp was a year-ago. And remember some of our international markets run games a little behind us just as they have more of the FURBY business for example right now, because FURBY boom is still running through those markets and you see that we’re up against the bigger comp in the U.S. on that brand and therefore against the category of Girls. So we don’t see that there was anything there except timing with games being down internationally as we continue to build some of the new releases. If you look at POS where we have POS data in several countries, overall POS in toys and games was up in the U.S and it was up for all the countries we measured, so Canada, Mexico, Australia, France, U.K. and Spain. The only place our POS overall as a company was down a little bit was in Germany. POS in games was down a bit in the third quarter in the U.S.
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then, if I could switch over to Disney Princess, I think you made some comments on the increased product development costs you are anticipating as a percentage of revenue next year. As you think about the royalties associated with this license, where should we expect that to trend once you get into 2016 relative to that five-year average? And then in addition to that, can you provide any commentary around minimum guarantees, anything that was paid out in the third quarter or anything that we should anticipate for the balance of the year or over the life of the licenses?
Brian Goldner: Yes, happy to do that. First and foremost, the Disney pitch for Princess and Frozen business was a creative pitch. And as you know we’ve developed great consumer insights in innovation, in our Girls business, we’ve been driving our Girls business and growing it globally and that was the most important element of our presentation to the team. Second, while we don't disclose royalty rates for any of our agreements, I'll tell you that the development of dolls is very different than action figures and the markets for dolls and action figures are very different. And therefore the royalty rates for dolls are not as high as action figures, because of what goes into producing and the content that goes into the lines, the fashion that goes into the lines and other elements.  And then in terms of the minimum guarantee, we certainly believe the minimum guarantee is at the level that we should be able to earn this out over a multi-year period. We didn't disclose the minimum guarantee because we didn't feel that it was material and for perspective I remind you that in 2013 we did disclose the minimum guarantee for our Marvel and Lucas agreements. And as you may remember, that totaled an additional 80 million for Marvel and up to 225 million for Star Wars. So we're trying to give you a perspective there that again we don’t believe that the minimum guarantees in the Disney Princess and Frozen lines is material in the same way.
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, very helpful. Thanks, Brian. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I will echo the sentiments on David as well. Just a couple questions. First clarification, if you could, Brian. I think you mentioned franchise brands up 36%, total revenues up 7%. Can you talk a little bit about the non-franchise brands, which ones are a drag, either expected or otherwise? And then just a higher level question regarding the cost of introducing new brands into the Toy category. How do you see that playing out here over the next few years? How do you think about kind of the build versus buy strategy and how should we think about the cash prioritization here over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes, that’s a good question. The thing to note for the most part, if you look at our brand the impact that a brand like FURBY has in the third quarter, that’s a -- it was a big drag or headwind relative to the growth that you’re seeing in our franchise brands, FURBY was down in the quarter by around 50% versus a year-ago. We told you in the last quarter’s call that 70% of the revenues would happen in the second half of the year. And again, order of magnitude, if you took Beyblade and FURBY together in Q3, up against a year-ago, we’re talking about an impact of $150-ish million relative to year-ago’s revenues. So that’s what you’re really seeing when you talk about some of the non-franchise headwinds and comping up against some very strong numbers a year-ago in both of those brands as a good perspective of why you see those differences.  In terms of building brand, I think we built a brand blueprint. We built the assets and we continue to hone our capabilities to launch our new brands and vault brands into the toy space, into the branded play space beyond just toys. We're building a model that enables us to do that and we’re adding capability all the time to create that. Also growing our franchise brands is very cost effective. They tend to have higher operating margins, launching of vault brand has similar high operating margins over time. There are investments that we make in our business all the time to build our business whether its MAGIC: THE GATHERING or MY LITTLE PONY content or TRANSFORMERS TV series or frankly working with PLAY-DOH in China with partners to make a PLAY-DOH TV series there, that’s all part of a modern branded play company going to market globally and enthralling audiences and consumers and our customers that we have the brands that have the momentum and are quite salient for the end users.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. Best of luck guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of James Hardiman of Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my call. Couple of questions on the hub, it seems like the financial impact of your lower stake is fairly in consequential. Can you maybe speak to whether or not the overall TV strategy is changing at all, I think once upon a time you gave us some guidepost with respect to TV related merchandise and incremental TV related merchandise. How are we doing there versus sort of your expectations and how should we think about just the overall strategy going forward?
Brian Goldner: The impact for TV merchandise is fairly significant. As you can see whether you look at the MY LITTLE PONY business or the early days of building back our littlest touchup business, what we have done in TRANSFORMERS and certainly TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS which has contributed to our pre-school business and that Preschool show that’s out around the world. The changes we’ve made to the relationship on now Discovery Family was the hub really allows a couple of things to happen. First and foremost we still have a significant number of hours each day to program on that network which give us the opportunity to put up both our library shows as well as select new productions on to the network, and as you know that’s been one of the keys to unlocking our international TV efforts to have a domestic outlet to put shows on the air is critical to international broadcasters as they make their decisions for placement and so we continue to have that as an asset for us. So we believe we will continue to grow our TV related merchandise as we have, we think the thesis there is incredibly strong. Discovery now having more of the ownership and consolidation will continue to build what we’ve seen as an early strength of the network that’s co-viewing in primetime and Discovery obviously has libraries worth of programming and ideas for shows that should help us to build that primetime audience that co-viewing audience. And then the final point is that, Hasbro has the flexibility now in this new relationship to put select new shows or original productions outside of Discovery Family. You’ll note that we just announced that our new transformers TV series, ROBOTS IN DISGUISE that will go on the air early next year, will go directly to Cartoon Network because we feel that’s a better environment, a very strong environment to drive Boys ratings and to generate merchandise sales. So it’s a -- overall this move helps us to reinforce what we’ve done thus far and to strengthen our position going forward in television.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research: That’s very helpful. And then just briefly on TRANSFORMERS. I think you mentioned that you’re running pretty comparable to where we were for the last movie. How should we think about that Domestic versus International? Is it fair to say that International is growing versus last time around and we continue to see some contraction domestically and I guess just bigger picture, how is the TRANSFORMERS sales going versus how you thought about them heading into the year given some meaningful tailwinds?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, if you look at TRANSFORMERS over the first three movies, two of the years right around $500 million and one year the middle year was closer to $600 million. We’ve said, the last movie year we’re tracking kind of comparable to that. Its very heartening for us with all the effort and the investments we’ve made in emerging markets not only to see the overall emerging market growth that we’ve experienced over the last several quarters and continued into this quarter, but to see transformers as a major calling card for our company into emerging markets to see audiences and consumers coming our and buying TRANSFORMERS and really enjoying the brand. And also to see the kind of success that we had in China. We know that’s a great long-term opportunity for our company to have TRANSFORMERS be such a ubiquitous and beloved property there, pertains very good things for our company as we continue to build in that region.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research: Thanks a lot. Thanks Brian.
Brian Goldner: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Just with staying on that Transformers theme for a second, Brian, can you just tell us the mix that you're seeing so far International versus US as it's compared to -- as it was compared to the last movie?
Brian Goldner: Yes, it’s again -- in percentage terms slightly more developed internationally and particularly I think it’s important, that within international territories you also -- have to also look at emerging markets versus developed economies. It’s very much what we talked to you back as early as even February and the year ago, that the pyramid of growth has been kind of turned a bit on its head as we continue to see the growth in multiplexes and malls globally, markets like Russia, China, Korea, Colombia, Brazil play a bigger role in our entertainment box office. The movie industry is certainly seeing that and we also are seeing that growth and enabling us to introduce new kids and new consumers to our brands and we’re seeing the up tick in sales a result.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And when you say sales like -- when you say comparable, I just want to be clear, are you talking about kind of sell-in or POS?
Brian Goldner: Well, obviously the POS is strong behind sell-in and sort of running comparable to the sales, so we are seeing very strong global or international POS. We’re seeing some good POS building for TRANSFORMERS as we get into the third, into the fourth quarter. But again it’s definitely, if you look at -- look at the brand, TRANSFORMERS obviously is still up significantly versus a year ago and is contributing to the company this year. In the U.S. and internationally, and we continue to see TRANSFORMERS contributing significantly to our U.S. business versus the last movie. What we’re saying is that the sales are more diversified to the international markets. So we’re just giving you a perspective more longer term as it continue -- as Hasbro and the brand continue to be a more global company.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Right, helpful. Thank you. And then just on the POS trends that you and Deb talked about in the prepared remarks, I was just wondering -- the momentum that you've seen since the second quarter in POS, has that increased -- have you seen an acceleration? Has it kind of stayed the same? So I just wanted to get some color on that.
Deb Thomas: I think it’s really been consistent. As you head into the all important holiday season, our expectation is that we’ll see -- certainly from our standpoint we have had that consistent momentum, but we are heading into the all important holiday season. When I think all retailers are hoping that the POS picks up overall.
Brian Goldner: And obviously you’ve seen the results in our franchise brands and the POS are on our franchise brands has been equally strong, we talked about that, that again I think what we’re seeing. If you look at the holiday season into the U.S. not surprisingly a very selective consumer that’s buying the brands that are incredibly meaningful to them, our franchise brands are thus far been incredibly meaningful and our desired and I think we’ll continue to drive that into the holiday. Obviously the bulk of our media spend starts right around now and in through the holiday period and so, we think we’re set up well for this holiday season recognizing that sales continue to happen later and that the consumer is selective and we’re happy to see that they’re selecting a raft at Hasbro’s brands.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Thank you. Final question, just Deb, on royalties, the absolute number you reported was a bit different than what we were looking for. So, I was just wondering, can you just help us kind of bridge the year-over-year -- kind of the puts and takes year-over-year and sequentially in royalties -- for royalties?
Deb Thomas: Well really the biggest impact on royalties this year was the mix and we did put a reconciliation in, because last year we had an impact on royalties from the settlement of an arbitration award and we had an impact this year. So, year-on-year it’s up a bit. Its mostly due to product mix, but for the full year we still expect to land about that five year average of I think 7.3% was the five year average and we were contracting along that rate earlier in the year as well.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz of Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. I'm curious if you guys are seeing any overarching trends in the Preschool category. It seems like both you and your closest competitor seem to be struggling the most in that category. So I didn't know if there was something else going on maybe at the retail level? And are there any new initiatives from Backflip that would be helpful for us to understand any of the digital business going forward?
Brian Goldner: Sure. If we look at Preschool we have seen great global growth for one of our newest franchise brands and PLAY-DOH which continues to accelerate. It’s a play pattern that’s highly relevant to kids and did their parents globally. We are also seeing good strength where we have character base Preschool products like TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS where we’re seeing growth. I will say the core playschool business a couple of years ago, we really needed to focus in on making that business sustainable for the long-term which meant building back some of the profitability in that brand and ensuring that we can make great innovative products that our customers and Hasbro could make money on and to build unique innovation. So we’re willing to really focus in on the profit side and get to the right revenue level. I think now we’ll start to turn on and drive more of the revenue side having rethought the way to go forward in that business. And I do think that it requires a level of innovation and differentiation that we can provide in playschool. I think it’s just going to take a bit longer in our core business. But having seen a lot of our future products and where the innovation is going I’m very heartened that that teams got their arms around it and that you’ll be seeing some great products from playschool core over the next several years.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: And then any new news on the Backflip front?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Yes, so Backflip is our -- I won't say exactly what new initiatives they’re working on, obviously a highly competitive category. But they have a couple of at least one big franchise brand in DragonVale we’ll continue to work there. And then as we had always imagined that as we got through the early days we would start to focus in on Hasbro brands that would have great meaning to them, and they still have a very strong and continue to build on their network of daily active users and monthly active users and you’ll see Hasbro brands on the Backflip platform. If you’ve looked lately you may have seen a NERF Hoops App that’s really fun to play. That’s a little reminiscing of Paper Toss but now you get to play in a NERF environment which is quite fun and a network builder for us there and they will continue to launch a number of new games this year finishing this year ’14 and some pretty robust bus plans for 2015. So, again as we go long-term we’re very pleased with and excited to be in the mobile gaming space and a great team out at Backflip.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Swartz, SunTrust Robinson. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi, good morning everyone. Maybe you can provide us some more color just how you're thinking about kind of go-forward investing in terms of ad and marketing dollars. How do you look at that versus trade brick-and-mortar versus maybe the digital or e-commerce realm?
Brian Goldner: Number of years ago we used to talked about and, I mean I think I remember talking to you guys about building a seven layer cake. And today it’s more like 70 layer cake. And I think the teams have gotten incredibly smart about how to build more of a digital presence and the social media and digital presence we built recognizing that digital cost less out of pocket than over the air media, but requires expertise that we brought onboard inside the company, and we continue to build in that space. Advertising still has a very powerful, an immediate impact to the sales of our products when done well and so you’ll continue to see us investing in television and off-screens, short form media and long form media, so webisodes and shorts and all kind of videos. If you go online I’m sure you’ll see the ubiquity we’re building around our brands online to give kids and family short form content. You also see that we built our digital asset delivery so that as we look at online retailing you now get a full immerse of experience. You can get a virtual product experience in so many different ways online and get to make a purchase decision right there online and we’re doing that with lots of our retail partners. So marketing is just become more complex, not necessarily more costly given the expertise we’ve brought onboard, but certainly we are working in every element that matters to consumers and fans of our brands and building those new capabilities. And I do think that over time that roughly 10% (indiscernible) recognizing that we also view royalties as somewhat of a marketing expense. I have talked to you before about looking at those two lines together as a way to see the impact of our brands and that would in fact be the case. And then of course our own programming efforts and animation efforts add to that and have enabled us to build hundreds of million of dollars worth of merchandising sales for our brands around the animated stories we’re telling.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great, that's extremely helpful. And then maybe for Deb, just how do we think about -- with the strengthening dollar here, how do we think about the impact of currency or maybe top line and earnings over the next let's call it 12 months? Is there a rule of thumb or …?
Deb Thomas: That’s a good question Mike, because we saw the U.S. dollar really strengthen significantly in September. And while we do have significant hedges for our transaction exposure particularly product purchases and royalties we don’t hedge a 100%, so we did have a little bit of an impact in Q3. But we have significant hedges in place for ’14 and ’15 right now, so that’s on the product side but again not 100%. But based on our revenue mix the translation piece is the bigger piece. So if you think about and we disclosed this in our 10-K last year about 55% of our revenues are U.S. dollar based revenues is because of how we sell them into the market, but the euro is our next biggest exposure and that was about 18% of our 2013 revenues. So if the euro was to stay at levels that it’s at currently last years Q4 revenues would have been about $20 million lower than they actually were. So, if you kind of think about that about 18% of full year revenue our euro based and as the dollar strengthens and the euro declines against it that does have an impact. Our next biggest exposure was the pound but that’s only about 5%. So that doesn’t have as significant an impact. And when you think about that flowing through to the bottom line there’s a bit on our un-hedged portion of inventory and that’s what we saw in the quarter just because of the precipitous decline that happened in September. But we have hedged probably about 75% to 80% of our product purchases euro based right now. So that’s less of an impact but the translation impact could be significant and it tends to be about 10% to 15% of the top line impact on the bottom line.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, that's fantastic. So, I would assume then the impact in the third quarter was maybe a little more than that 10% to 15%?
Deb Thomas: No, it was probably about that impact.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, that's great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) The next question comes from the line of Timothy Conder of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you and my congratulations to David on his career and best of wishes. A couple of things, and thank you also for the color on the Disney Princess, Brian, that’s much appreciated. A couple things relating to Canada. You commented that it was challenging. Was that due to FX there also or is it in demand I guess this is the first question? And then you were very excited at Toy Fair about DohVinci as it relates to the Girls category. Just any update on the early trends that you're seeing there? And related to Sesame Street within Preschool, granted you had very difficult comps, but in general how is that business trending versus your expectations at this point? Say from when you got into the business?
Brian Goldner: Sorry, repeat the third part.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: The Sesame Street, Brian -- how is that trending overall versus your expectations?
Brian Goldner: Thank you. Yes, so let’s start with Canada. As you know we’ve had some changes up there in retailers and retail strategies and obviously working through that with our partners. The demand profile in the market has been a bit different than the U.S. We’re now seeing some strong growth in POS in the third quarter, so double digit growth in POS in Canada in the third quarter. And so it’s lagging a little bit for us versus some of our shipments but we certainly have robust plans for the holiday season up there. But yes, as you know over the last year or two there has been some shaking out in changes within the retail landscape, and we’re just working through that. So, we don’t see there’s any long-term impact. In fact we continue to believe that Canada should perform fairly well this year. Second, in DohVinci we’re incredibly happy with the early results albeit early days. The consumer feedback has been fantastic its really a fun product line to play with and we believe we’re entering a really good -- with a really good new innovative product line in a great category and a great extension for DohVinci and we have seen good uptake not only here in the U.S. but in several markets around the world. And then finally Sesame Street I think that mostly in Sesame Street we had a very big Elmo last year, and that drives a lot of dollars as you know. So it can cloud or obfuscate that sort of results the underlying trends on that brand. And I think as we go forward we’re incredibly excited not only about Sesame Street in several countries but some very fun early results for Furchester in the U.K. and that TV series. And so I think that and some new leadership at Sesame Street. So all around I would say that long-term we can remain very excited about the Sesame Street business and we have some great product lineups coming up over both this year and in future years.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then -- thank you and two more quick questions here. One, do you anticipate China being profitable this year? And then secondly, Deb, you had mentioned that some things are now fully amortized. Any broad update to the change in your overall amortization expectations here for the balance of the year or looking out to ’15, ’16?
Deb Thomas: No I think Tim, from an amortizations standpoint we remained comfortable with what we had in the 10-K because that included the Backflip which was the big update we had. So as we see things trending out we remain comfortable that that was a consistent expectation.
Brian Goldner: Yes, in China, right now we’re probably about breakeven recognizing that we said we’ll continue to invest in that market for the longer term to build it over time. As you know, this is just one example among many that TRANSFORMERS had such ubiquity in the box office and yet we’re still building points of distribution so that the majority of Chinese consumers can enjoy the brand from a product standpoint and licensing standpoint so that requires additional investments and we’re building our joint venture relationship with Alpha (indiscernible) and it was also luckily the year of the PONY, so MY LITTLE PONY got a good shot in the arm, but we continue to build that brand in that market place as well. We again see China long-term as a great opportunity for us. But it’s not time to just start to look only at profitability as the key criteria for that market. We see many years of revenues, growth and we’ll get to profitability over a period. But first we want to build the ubiquity of our brands in line with the story telling that we’re putting into the market.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Two questions for you actually. As you continue to build out your infrastructure internationally, can you maybe discuss how the Marvel products have evolved there in terms of the percentage of revenue coming from domestic versus international as the movies continue to succeed and do quite nicely? And then you've got Avengers 2 coming out next year and China is actually a big part of the success of a superhero genre, so I would be interested in your thoughts on that. And secondly, when you look at MAGIC: THE GATHERING, are we -- do you think we are going to be at a point where we're seeing a lot more cyclicality or volatility in the revenue stream that's going to be a lot more dependent upon new card releases than ever before given the competition that we're seeing from Activision with this Hearthstone game?
Brian Goldner: Yes, let me start with Hearthstone. Our game is both in analog and digital game and the power of that brand is in the ability to have 100s of 1000s of face-to-face tournaments going on around the world every year and to have players engage in the analog business as well as the digital business, and we’ll continue to build upon both lines. The brand is related and releases do make a big difference to that brand, but that’s not a new phenomenon and it continues as we’ve said. It’s a brand that tends to go more release driven than more seasonally driven. And we’ve talked about that over a long period of time and so there are bigger and smaller releases of characteristic going on over time. There’s a curation that that team goes through to really work with their fans and understand how best to layout the story over time. And so that continues to be a story telling led brand that’s enjoyed both in analog that is completely unique to the market place and have nothing to do with some of the light digital games that are out there from competitors. We do in fact have a light game as well that can be played on the iPad that Duals with the Planeswalkers. And then a much more immersive game in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online which our fans quite like and we’ll continue to drive and invest in both sides of that. As it comes to the Marvel business, Marvel was a significant contributor to our business. This quarter we expect that Marvel will continue to contribute over many years to come as will Star Wars. We have seen a great impact to the partnering Marvel becoming part of the Walt Disney Company, Walt Disney’s Global Scope and Scale has helped Marvel to become more of a global brand. The Box Office results as we see more and more audience and members going out around the world and watching movies globally. The Box Office being more internationally focused are relative to the U.S. Box Office. The proportion of international to the U.S. box office has been helpful in building that brand out around the world. And our marketing partnership in putting great innovative products out around the world for example, the TITAN hero series, the 12 inch figures that sell at an SRP of about $9.99 have really helped in emerging markets, allow young kids to get great product in their hands at a very value oriented price point. So it’s the innovative product lines like Mashups and TITAN HEROES series, MASHERS as well as what Marvel and Disney have done to build the global footprint of the label and the movie successes. As well as where they’re putting the animation out around the world all helps to contribute to make that brand a more global brand, that’s why we’re so excited not only about 2014 but many years to come for both Marvel and Lucas film.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. I would just like to revisit Magic once again now that the releases are out; third quarter offsetting sort of a weak first half. What was the nine months for Magic? I think that should be a good comparison at this point, both point of sale and shipments? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so year-to-date Magic is up mid single digits. In the quarter it was up double digits. So it’s the momentum is building but Magic year-to-date through the third quarter was up.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. And you gave us some good direction on the cost of the Princess license, you have any sort of guidance for the revenue that could generate from this? Mattel gave us a range on their call, but I was wondering if you could give us an idea of where you thought it might shake out in ’16 and beyond? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: I think if you look at what we’ve done in our gross business, the team has done a phenomenal job and customers and consumers around the world are really enjoying the innovation. The consumer insight that we brought to those brands, the story telling and what we can do as an IP owner in building out the MY LITTLE PONY business, the EQUESTRIA GIRLS business and what we’re now doing with Littlest Pet Shop. And I think that was first and foremost recognized by the Walt Disney Company as great innovative company that’s growing significantly in the Girls space. So, we obviously think that Disney will have a significant positive impact in adding Princess and Frozen in 2016, we’re not going to size the business for you. But to say that, as we’ve said before we really feel like our girls business is in the early innings of what's possible. Our brands have just begun to grow over the last few years in a more significant way and we feel very good about the new relationship and we will begin shipping the line in 2016.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. I’ll turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you Rob and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our next scheduled earnings call will be our fourth quarter and full year earnings call and it’s tentatively scheduled for Monday, February 9, 2015. And we anticipate hosting our Annual Investor event at Toy Fair that following Friday morning, February 13th in New York. More details on these events will be available as we get closer to the dates. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock - Vice President, Investor Relations Brian Goldner - President and CEO Deb Thomas - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sean McGowan - Needham & Company Steph Wissink - Piper Jaffray Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Eric Handler - MKM Partners Jaime Katz - Morningstar Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Drew Crum - Stifel Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Mike Swartz - SunTrust
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded and if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company’s quarterly performance and then we will take your questions. Our second quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today’s earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs and cost savings initiatives; financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today’s call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our second quarter performance reflects the ongoing global execution of our strategic brand blueprint as we transform Hasbro into the leading branded play company across consumers and geographies. Every brand we develop, whether it’s a Hasbro franchise brand, a new or existing Hasbro brand or one of our steam partners brand, is being re-imagined across the blueprint to enable us to tell compelling stories globally. Our commitment to deliver the right content with the right innovation for the right audience in the right market is unwavering. In the second quarter, Hasbro's revenues grew 8%. This growth was fueled by a 36% gain in franchise brands, 17% growth in international markets with emerging markets up 30% and 35% growth in entertainment and licensing, led by lifestyle licensing and digital gaming increases. Each one of these is a core element of our brand blueprint today and going forward. Entertainment is supporting many of these brands. For example, TRANSFORMERS, MY LITTLE PONY and franchises under the MARVEL brand, yet not all growing brands are entertainment backed in the traditional sense, but they are leveraging tremendous stories to enthrall consumers around the world. Brands like PLAY-DOH and NERF, both up double digits in the quarter are examples of this strategy coming to life across the blueprint. Just this week storytelling and innovation are converging at Comic-Con International in San Diego. Fan driven Hasbro brands including MY LITTLE PONY, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, TRANSFORMERS and JEM AND THE HOLOGRAMS are brand we are re-imagining through entertainment and licensing are engaging with some of our most avid fans. We are unveiling exciting new initiatives which tap into creativity and engagement, including SuperFanArt.com, where we will leverage the creativity of fans with the technology of 3D printing and you'll hear more about this in the near future. As we look more closely at the quarter, it's clear that the revolution and geography that we have recently outlined for you is upon us. We grew our business double digits in all major international regions, Europe up 16%, Latin America up 17% and Asia-Pacific also up 17%. Emerging markets including Russia, Brazil and China continue to contribute to the strong revenue gains in the segment up 30% in the quarter. I'd like to take a minute and congratulate the Latin American team on its fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year growth. The team is doing a tremendous job executing our brand blueprint to grow in a competitive market and a challenging retail environment. In the U.S. and Canada segment, second quarter revenues were down 2%, but U.S. POS was up double-digit for toys across the girls, boys and preschool toy categories and was up double digits for games. Our franchise brands POS at our top five retailers in the U.S. was up significantly in the quarter, led by NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS. In Canada POS also increased across categories in toys and games. Clearly, there's momentum in our brands with U.S. and Canadian consumers. Looking across the business, this momentum is evident globally. Five of our seven franchise brands grew revenue this past quarter, TRANSFORMERS, NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, MONOPOLY and PLAY-DOH. Of the remaining franchise brands, MAGIC THE GATHERING declined low single digits and its flat year-to-date, while LITTLEST PET SHOP has been re-imagined and in all new line hit shelves during the third quarter in markets around the world. Franchise brand TRANSFORMERS along with gains and franchises under the MARVEL brand helped deliver 32% revenue growth in the boy’s category. TRANSFORMERS age of extinction has been incredibly well-received worldwide since its opening in late June. It has earned over $775 million globally, breaking records in many countries, including China, where the film is now the highest grossing film ever. Many international markets only recently launched following the conclusion of the FIFA World Cup and as of this weekend has opened in most major international territories. Growth in MARVEL in the quarter was driven by the AVENGERS franchise supported by the 2014 film Marvel's Captain America, The Winter Soldier and two animated series and the Spider-Man franchise supported by the amazing Spider-Man 2 and the Ultimate Spider-Man animated series combined with innovative new products such as Marvel Super Hero Mashers. Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy will be in theaters on August 1st and the product is hitting retail in many markets at this time. NERF revenues in the boys category were down in the quarter based on the timing of shipments, but are up year-to-date and POS is growing in several markets we track including very strong growth in the U.S. MY LITTLE PONY, MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS and NERF Rebelle contributed to growing the girl’s category 10% in the quarter, more than offsetting the decline in FURBY. We have identified FURBY as a difficult comparison in 2014 and looking ahead that comparison does not get easier as the second half of last year represented more than 70% of 2013 FURBY revenues. We have innovative new initiatives in the second half of this year, including the launch of the re-imagined LITTLEST PET SHOP, MY LITTLE PONY POP and all-new MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS product and entertainment building on the equestria girl’s position as a number five fashion-themed doll property year-to-date in the U.S. according to NPD. In addition, PLAY-DOH DohVinci is just now on shelves and contributed slightly to the girl’s category in the second quarter. Moving to the games business, despite positive POS in several markets including the U.S., U.K., Germany and Canada, our games revenues in the quarter declined 12%. There are several new games and market initiatives plan for the second half of this year, and we remain focused on growing the games business for the long-term across all platforms. For the second quarter, franchise brand MONOPOLY continue to post positive growth with an all-new MONOPOLY JUNIOR in the market now and MY MONOPOLY coming for the fall. The category also benefited from the addition of Backflip Studios revenues and growth in the game of life, as well as initial shipments of Simon Swipe. This growth, however, was offset by declines in TWISTER, which had strong growth last year, DUEL MASTERS, a Japanese trading card game and MAGIC: THE GATHERING, which decline in the U.S. and Canada segment, but grew in the international segment. As we discussed before, magic is release driven and over the longer term poised for growth, as we continue to invest in the brand and technology development to enable global magic players and new recruits to enjoy playing across digital and analog format. Last month we released Magic: The Gathering-Conspiracy and that has led to increase casual play activity in stores. In addition, fans are eagerly anticipating the released this month of the Magic 2015 core set, which position us well for the year. Strategically, the second half of the year is extremely important for the games category, given the high consumer purchases over the holiday period. We have compelling new innovative games across consumer goods, including MY MONOPOLY, Simon Swipe and Battle Masters featuring TRANSFORMERS which is in market now and will feature MARVEL properties this fall. Finally, the preschool category revenues declined 4%. PLAY-DOH continued to grow as did TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS. This growth was more than offset by other declines in the category, including core Playskool and Sesame Street initiatives. In closing, through the execution of our brand blueprint, we are creating compelling and engaging experiences for consumer globally. Building on this, we are leveraging the financial strength of our business, which Deb will speak to to invest in the transformation of Hasbro and execution of our blueprint to profitably grow Hasbrouck for the long-term in an environment of accelerating change. Our second quarter performance positions us well to successfully execute over the remainder of 2014 and in the coming years. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and Good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results reflect growth key initiative, including our franchise brands and emerging markets, while continuing to strategically invest in our brands, our systems and our capital structure. During the quarter we successfully repaid $425 million of debt and raised a total of $600 million at the lowest coupon in our history. Heading into our peak working capital period, our cash position is strong and our inventories are well-positioned for the holiday season. Before we review our results, please note that in the second quarter 2014, we had an unfavorable tax adjustment of $13.8 million or $0.10 per share diluted share related to a proposed resolution of outstanding tax matters. For the six months, nearly all of this adjustment will be offset by the favorable tax adjustments in the first quarter 2014. Absent any additional adjustments we do not anticipate calling these items out in the full-year 2014 results. Additionally, in 2013, we had pretax pension charges in SG&A of $2.5 million or $0.01 per diluted share, related to partial pension settlement charges associated with restructuring action. We've included a reconciliation to reported amounts in today's release. During the rest of my discussion of our business, I’ll exclude these items as they do not speak to the underlying performance of Hasbro. Looking at our segments, second quarter revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment declined 2%. Both boys and girls category revenue grew in the quarter, but were offset by declines in the games and preschool categories. As Brian mentioned, U.S. POS trends were strong increasing double digits at our top five retailers across all product categories. POS in Canada increased as well. We ended the quarter with inventory of good quality at retail and at Hasbro and we are well-positioned for the second half of the year. Segment operating profit in the U.S. and Canada declined 20% in the quarter, primarily due to lower revenues and the impact of product mix. Games category revenues declined including high-margin trading card games DUEL MASTERS and MAGIC: THE GATHERING, which has Brian discussed was the impacted by the timing of releases year-over-year. Additionally, we are making incremental investments to support the long-term growth opportunity for MAGIC: THE GATHERING. In the international segment, second quarter revenues increased 17% and all major regions grew double-digit. Additionally, the boys, girls in preschool categories all grew and more than offset a decline in the games category. The 17% revenue growth drove a 98% increase in operating profit as the international segment posted an operating profit of $29.2 million, compared to $14.8 million last year. Entertainment and licensing segment revenues also delivered strong double-digit growth, increasing 35% in the second quarter. This growth was the result of higher lifestyle licensing revenues for Hasbro franchise brands, including MY LITTLE PONY, MONOPOLY and TRANSFORMERS, as well as growth in digital gaming and the addition of Backflip Studios. Entertainment and licensing segment operating profit increased nearly fourfold to $14.6 million, compared to $3.7 million a year ago, driven by the impact of higher revenues and lower program production amortization. Looking at our overall expenses, our business reflects the long-term investments we are making in re-imagining our brand and executing across the brand blueprint globally. At the same time, we’re lowering our overall cost basis to achieve our goal of $100 million in underlying cost savings by 2015. Cost to sales as a percentage of revenue in the quarter declined. This decline reflects growth in entertainment properties, including TRANSFORMERS and MARVEL property, as well as higher entertainment and licensing revenues. The higher entertainment-backed revenues also resulted in higher royalty expense in the quarter, which increased to 8.5% of quarterly revenues. As we outlined in February, over the past five years, our average royalty rate has been around 7.3%, we expect full year 2014 royalties to be at or slightly above that five-year average. Product development as a percent of revenues was flat year-over-year, even with the addition of Backflip Studios, which we acquired in the third quarter of 2013 and continued incremental investments in MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Absent these items, product development dollars would have been consistent with the year ago, reflecting our expected cost savings. Intangible amortization declined slightly as some of our assets have become fully amortized. This was partially offset by incremental expense associated with Backflip Studios. Program production cost amortization declined year-over-year and advertising increased slightly as we invest in building awareness and demand for our brand. SG&A decline as a percent of quarterly revenues, reflecting the impact of higher revenue in addition to lower underlying cost in the business and the positive results of our ongoing cost savings initiative. These declines were impacted by the factors we spoke to you in February, including higher compensation and investments into long-term growth opportunity, including Backflip and MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Turning to our results below operating profit for the quarter, other income was $4.8 million versus other expense of $800,000 in 2013. Our 50% share in the Hub Network improved to a profit of $2.3 million versus $131,000 last year. Additionally, we benefited from lower foreign exchange losses and improved investment returns in 2014. The second quarter underlying tax rate declined to 26.8% versus 27.3% in the second quarter 2013, and we continue to expect our full-year underlying tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. For the quarter, average diluted shares were 130.9 million shares, compared to 132 million in 2013, reflecting our active stock repurchase program. The actual amount of shares outstanding at the end of the second quarter 2014 was 127.9 million. Diluted earnings per share absent charges in the second quarter 2014 were $0.36 versus $0.29 in 2013.At quarter end, cash totaled $586.2 million. Our cash position is strong and we continue to prioritize investing back into Hasbro for the long-term profitable growth of the business. We're returning cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and as we’ve stated earlier this year, this level of activity is higher than last year. Finally, we remain committed to executing against these priorities in a manner consistent with maintaining our solid investment grade rating. In the second quarter, we returned $192 million to shareholders, $55.7 million in cash dividend and $136.3 million in share repurchases. At quarter end, $308.1 million remained available in our current share repurchases authorization. In the first six months of the year, we repurchased 4 million shares returning $216.8 million to shareholders. During the second quarter, we closed $600 million notes offering and paid down $425 million of long-term debt which came due in May. The deal was very well received by the market and enabled us to achieve the lowest coupon in Hasbro’s history. Receivables at quarter end increased 15% versus 2013. DSOs were 80 days compared to 75 days in 2013. The revolution in geography which Brian spoke of, also means a higher percentage of our sales are in international and emerging markets with DSO payment terms are generally longer. This revenue mix is resulting in higher DSOs for Hasbro overall. Additionally, in the second quarter, the timing of collections and shipments also contributed to the growth in DSOs. Inventories increased $132.8 million versus last year with approximately two thirds of the increase coming from international markets. Our inventory at U.S. retail was down again this quarter and of good quality and internationally, our inventory at retail is healthy. Overall, retail and Hasbro-owned inventory is of good quality and we believe we are well positioned for the important second half of the year with the right inventory in the right market. In closing, while the all-important second half of the year is still ahead of us, we’re pleased with our second quarter results. They reflect the investments we’ve been making in our brand blueprint, the innovation in our story-telling, product lines and licensing programs and savings we expected at this stage of our cost-savings initiatives. They also reflect our commitment to our strategy and the investments we continue to make for the long-term success of Hasbro and our shareholders. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Sean McGowan with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Good morning everyone. Thanks. I’ll focus the questions on the gaming area. So MAGIC, can you remind us what is coming up in terms of major releases and how you would characterize those releases versus a year ago in terms of magnitude and expectations? I mean, do you expect this category to be up for the year?
Brian Goldner: Good morning, Sean. Yeah, if we look at MAGIC business, it is clearly driven by releases. And as we were looking at 2013 year-to-date versus ‘14, last year we had our large and a small release in the first half of the year. And this year we had two small set. And yet MAGIC year-to-date is basically flat. As we go into the fall, the MAGIC team will talk this week at Comic-Con and begin their talk about the size of each of the releases and what's coming up. So we haven’t really talked yet about what that is. But overall again looking at MAGIC, the growth internationally, where we are so far year-to-date, the size of the sets that we put out. We feel good about the MAGIC business and we are investing to continue to build the business, focused on the MAGIC online business so that we can run more concurrent gaming sessions more broadly and more online tournaments. And so we’re building our capabilities there and that is some of the investment Deb had spoken to. So we feel very good about MAGIC. So far this year, we feel we're in a solid -- solid place and a strong position as we go into the second half of the year.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: And how much over the year would be overall impact on games. Can you explain by just looking at MAGIC, the decline in the quarter?
Brian Goldner: Actually MAGIC was down very little, very small percentages in the quarter. More of the decline would be related to example, a brand like TWISTER in terms of the dollar impact. And if we look at the overall games business, actually in games, very focused on particularly the impact was more in the U.S. on the games. Games declined in the quarter and our POS on games in the U.S. and around the world in several places but in the U.S., it was up sharply. It was up double digits in POS and our inventory on games in the U.S. was down double digits in the quarter.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Does that surprise you that POS would be up double digit and yet your shipments would be down double digits?
Brian Goldner: It really speaks to the strategy we've talked about how we’re executing this strategy, focusing our product lines, categories and brands where they sell the most recognizing retailers focus on just-in-time inventory. So this is consistent with the plan as we’ve executed them. And to us, the most important element in our games business is the innovation that's on the way and coming for the third and fourth quarter, whether you're talking about the new ANGRY BIRDS STELLA lineup for the pink bird or Scrabble showdown, MY MONOPOLY or our action gaming in Battle Masters and a raft of great Disney games that have come in the third and fourth quarter, including Disney Princess, Frozen games, even one of my personal favorites, Olaf’s in Trouble. You’ve got a lot of major games initiatives coming for the third and fourth quarters, which as you know, historically has always been a more pronounced part of our business. And so I think this is reflective of a strategy that we were executing in line with the insights and retail insights that we saw coming from retailers. And it’s just being born out as we execute this year as planned. So we feel very comfortable with our games business. We’ve never seen such a good lineup of innovation coming for the third and fourth quarter. And if I look at the POS, it wasn't just up for couple of games categories. Across different categories and consumer groups and games in the second quarter in the U.S., we saw a great growth, double-digit growth. So whether it's team gaming, whether it's preschool gaming, whatever it might be, we’re seeing some great growth across those different segment…
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Thank you.
Brian Goldner: …in POS.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steph Wissink of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Steph Wissink - Piper Jaffray: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Steph Wissink - Piper Jaffray: Brian, a really quick question for you and I think a follow-up to Sean’s question. Looking at double-digit increases in POS, for you are shipping down low single digits in the U.S. Can you talk a little bit about the balance of maintaining that tight inventory control and maximizing the selling windows particularly around some of those entertainment properties? And then Deb, a question for you just on the inventory. I know you don’t want to give guidance for the second half. But can you give us some sense of how we should think about that inventory balance at quarter end and to give us some sense of the complexion of that inventory relative to some of your second-half initiatives? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Thanks Steph. So if you look at inventory at retail and let’s use the U.S. data, inventory at retail in the U.S. in toy was down single digits but in games was down double digits, significant double digit. And if you pair that with our POS, our POS in toy was up double digits and in games was up double digits. So as we are executing our plan, we feel comfortable that the growth in inventory that you're seeing in our numbers, is all related to high-quality inventory, a lots of these new initiatives that are shipping for the third and fourth quarters but obviously this inventory particularly focused on the third quarter. And across different gaming segments, we have a number of major new innovations coming whether you're talking about our past and party games, the action gaming category like Battle Masters, MY MONOPOLY that’s coming in the family gaming arena, Scrabble Showdown with them, an exciting marketing plan in Scrabble Showdown coming. So all those elements for us make us feel very comfortable that we're in a good position and it’s very consistent with the insights, the retail insights that we've seen and we talk to you guys about over the last year or two, as we re-imagine the way the U.S. business would execute its strategy and as we’ve executed the plan this year and going into the third and fourth quarter.
Deb Thomas: And our inventory that we’re holding as well, Steph, it’s of good quality. And it's geographically more importantly where we needed to be to meet consumer demand. So two thirds of our inventory is actually held outside of the U.S. And in addition to that, we also took in slightly more inventory in the U.S. during the quarter as part of our contingency plan related to the potential West Coast port labor strike that we’re all facing. So our inventory is of good quality and it's positioning us well for the holiday season.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Hi. Good morning. Brian, on TRANSFORMERS, if you can adjust your -- I mean I know that your performance this quarter to where toy sales were at equivalent points with other movie releases and I know this one was more global. So it’s a little bit -- might be a little bit more hard, difficult to do that. And we had the World Cup kind of in the way but if you were kind of trying to do an apples-to-apples comparison, would you say that toy sales are better, worse or even with prior releases at this point in time?
Brian Goldner: We feel really good about not only the box office, which as you note is giant and certainly growing in all those places we’ve talked about over many quarters where we've seen the growth in multiplexes and the consumer that wants to go out to the movies, the movie theaters that are being built particularly in emerging markets and internationally besides the box office. And I would say that our results overall in the quarter for TRANSFORMERS were very good. And we feel very good about the new innovation across both the toy and game category where we put out a very different kind of product line, a more expansive line, brought back in a lot of those innovations for the younger kids and we've seen that reflected in our takeaway. And then looking out over the remainder of the year, remember all three of the prior TRANSFORMERS movies, we did far more business in the third and fourth quarter than in the first half of the year. And we would imagine that to be true here as well. And so as we get into the third and fourth quarter, into the entertainment windows and home entertainment, we would continue to believe that we’ll do more business in the second half of the year than the first. That's been the case for this brand and for boys’ action. But we’re very pleased thus far with the results.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Great. Thanks. That’s helpful. And can we just switch gears for a second to the Hub, there has been some news over the -- since the summer with Margaret Loesch stepping down and potential changes for the network. Just -- if you could just update us on your view on the Hub and how it all would relate to Hasbro and your participation in the JV. And then also one of those, I guess, you could use the word rumors out there would be the headquarter changes as well?
Brian Goldner: If you look at the Hub, the performance of the Hub over the last several quarters has been quite good. It’s continued to grow over the last several quarters. And we’ve had a very good recent performance and are seeing our highest levels of girls coming to the network and continue to be the most highly viewed, co-viewed network in percentage terms with parents and kids. So we think that that’s one of the sweet spots of the Hub is that family viewing and family entertainment. We really give Margaret and her team a lot of credit for what they've developed. It's a network that has far better ratings today than when we first started. It's distributed more broadly today than we first started. Our affiliate fees are higher as are our ad sales, and we’re profitable in the quarter. Margaret’s taken the decision that at the end of the year she would like to go do something else. It would have been five years with her at the helm. Obviously, four of those years since launch because we hired her about a year before we launched. And it does give us an opportunity, both parents of the network an opportunity to look at where we take the network, how do we play to the strengths of both parents and continue to drive the momentum in the Hub. We are very committed to our TV strategy to the Hub, to our partnership with Discovery, and to building a great kids television presence both here in the U.S. and around the world.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Okay. So it sounds like other than -- you will have to obviously find a new CEO there, but it seems like otherwise its business as usual?
Brian Goldner: We have an opportunity to take all that Margaret and the team have built and continue to accelerate that growth. We think that’s family entertaining and entertainment space, where we look at our brands that resonates so well across generations, the growth of the Hub itself and the fact that our brands will lead the way in terms of ratings, what we’ve been able to do between the Hub and then distributing and streaming platforms outside the Hub, the over-the-top providers both here in the U.S. and around the world. We see a real opportunity as does Discovery. They are great partners. David Zaslav and his team are tremendous partners and have been, and we want to continue to build this business and we’re very committed to the Hub and some of the initial successes we’ve had. Remember when we first got together back in fall 2010, we talked about that three to five-year time horizon to really find the footing for the Hub, and where it will go and what will it be as a network and by this October, we will be four years into our effort. And so it’s a good time to continue to up our game and to look at how to build the Hub.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Okay. Very helpful. Final question, just back to Magic, you gave very good color earlier to Sean's questions, so appreciate that. Just one thing, just kind of getting back to things you said last quarter because when you talked about Magic as well and about that it’s release driven and there was I think some impact last quarter to the shift in Easter, but you said early days, that it was off to a good start early in the quarter. So just wondering from then till now, did anything change regarding Magic or did everything go as you anticipated it back when you reported the first quarter?
Brian Goldner: Yes, no, it’s very consistent with what we’ve talked about. I think Magic is the most challenging sometimes for people to look at, because it isn’t really seasonally driven. It is really a story that’s told through the card releases. I think a good perspective for you is the fact that Magic is basically flat year-to-date, it was up in the quarter internationally and down in the U.S. only slightly. So, again it wasn’t a giant decline, it was just a slight decline. And the fact is a year ago we had both a large set and a small set, and this year we only had two small sets. So, that speaks to what’s going on with the consumer base and the user base, the game players, the most recent launches of things like Conspiracy that just happened in June, the core set that’s coming up, the 2015 core set, and the amount of casual game playing that’s going on, the Duels of the Planeswalkers which is our casual entry level point doing well. So all those elements say to us it’s a building blocks on the year, it hasn’t really changed versus what we said last time, but we’re just giving you more color as the year unfolds.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Great, okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, on TRANSFORMERS, given that the film had a delayed release date in Latin America and Europe because of the World Cup, did you also delay shipments of the toys into those markets so that we should see an uptick in the 3Q as a result of that? And also wondered given how strong the film has performed in China, do you guys see a corresponding uplift in toy sales in that market as well? And then secondly, just quickly on MAGIC: THE GATHERING, we are starting to see some competition from Activision's Hearthstone game and wondered just what type of overlap there is among the customer base and is that having any impact as well?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, Eric, first question on Latin America, we made our early shipments about the same time but recognize that the takeaway starts to accelerate after the World Cup, after all the marketing kicks in around the launch of the movie. And then remember that as we go into the third quarter, we do expect third and fourth quarter business to be far bigger than the first and second quarter, that’s very consistent with the prior films. So yes, Latin America and some of the other markets that were delayed relative to the World Cup will have a slightly bigger impact to what are already larger numbers coming for the third and fourth quarter that would be our expectation. So I don’t think that it would have a significant impact other than altering the otherwise planned out trajectory, which does have us a bigger numbers in the third and fourth quarter. In terms of China, the result both this year as well the impact that we’re seeing in China for us portends incredibly good things over the next several years. Remember that TRANSFORMERS was a brand that had its history in the 1980s in animation in China, so you have this great bimodal appeal of the brand with adults, fans as well as young people coming into the brand. The brand has performed very, very well. So it again will have meaning for us in China this year, but also sees this brand, it’s why TRANSFORMERS is such a powerful franchise brand for us, and as a franchise brand the potential to grow over many years, of course many categories and geography. And also we’ve worked on building our distribution in China. We have a strategic alliance with all the domestic Chinese company that would enable us to get to more points of distribution over time. So again, this is a multiyear plan and this year’s movie results and the tremendous job that Paramount did to us really just sets the table for several years into the future of what we’re seeing there for TRANSFORMERS. In terms of Magic and competitors, the brand you note is a very casual brand, that’s more focused on action. It would be more analogous to our Duels of the Planeswalkers product which is for entry level and it’s played on the iPad in a casual way. Magic has a very deep strategic root 20-year history. The analog card game is still the most important element of that business, the fact that people are playing face-to-face, the fact that we are executing so many face-to-face tournaments in so many geographies on a regular basis, tournaments going on literally all the time around the world, and that differentiates Magic versus a lot of competitors, that organized gameplay organization that Magic team has in place, the ability to go out and execute that. Then Magic online gives us the opportunity to allow players to play at great distances and also to reignite players who may be dormant because they don’t have a lot of friends around who used to play Magic with them. So it’s a very different, much more deeply seated strategic gameplay in Magic. We take all competition seriously, but I would tell you that they are different games.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You guys broke down what drove operating profit for the U.S. and Canada segment and International operating profit was significantly stronger. Could you talk about whether that was mostly mix driven or entertainment or what was behind that and maybe where do we expect the ultimate sustainable level to be there?
Deb Thomas: Certainly, Jaime. Good morning. Internationally, I think you’re seeing a lot of kind of what we talked about for the company overall. It really is mix driven. And also, you are seeing the benefits of our cost savings initiatives. So in International, some of our costs have come and given the mix of heavily entertainment driven products, which tend to carry higher gross margins, a little bit higher royalties, the higher gross margins, you’re really seeing that mix plays real combined with our cost savings initiatives.
Brian Goldner: You also have the fact as we grow revenues off of a relatively fixed cost base, it’s what we talked about that international markets over time should begin to -- operating margins should begin to look more like company average operating margins.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar: It’s perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: Thank you. Brian, a little bit more color if you could by the geographic POS and the product lines. And I guess then the other part is just to stay on the trading card line of questioning. I know you normally don't give forward guidance, but given what you have coming, do you anticipate that business being up on a year-over-year basis in the second half?
Brian Goldner: Yes. We really look at -- if you really look at what’s going on with Wizards of the Coast year-to-date, it’s more about Duel Masters, the Japanese trading card game being down. As we said, Magic’s performance is flat year-to-date. I don’t want to steal the team’s thunder. They are going to tease one of the new releases at Comic-Con this week coming into the week and the plans are very robust for Magic for the remainder of the year. But again, the team would like to reveal those in the right time, in the right way, and we’re really focused on our game players and fans and we don’t want to ruin any of the great surprises and fun they have in stores as they play the game. And so I don’t want to guide you there, but I will tell you that they built a great business, that business has grown and more than doubled over the last number of years. And so I had great confidence in that team as they built the plans for this year and into ’15 and beyond. If we look at the POS across categories, POS was up and I will use U.S. and then go to International. POS and toy was up double digits and game was up double digits in the U.S. In Boys, it was up double digits; in Girls, it was up double digits; in Games, it was up double digits as I said; and in Preschool, POS was up double digits. So across all our segment categories, POS was up double digits. As we go to international markets where we have specific syndicated POS data, POS was up double digits in Canada and double digits in Mexico, double digits in the U.K., high single digits in Germany, was down a little bit in Australia, down a bit in France and down a bit more in Spain.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay. And anything on Latin America?
Brian Goldner: Well, we have results in Latin America. We don't get syndicated data in the same way. Obviously, we have seen great results in the market in Brazil. We have seen our results obviously are very strong in Brazil. The market is growing and we’re growing faster. Our market share is growing. And around South America, Latin America, we feel good at several of the markets, actually all of our markets down there really looking good and the results there are very strong. We even had a brand like Furby, which is challenged in the rest of the world. They grew in Latin America in the second quarter and that’s what we’re talking about as we roll out to non-English speaking markets. Playskool grew in Latin America as it did in Asia-Pacific. In fact, Playskool grew internationally in the quarter, just not in the U.S. and not overall. So we’re seeing again the strength in our portfolio and the strength in growth across several of our initiatives in these regions.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brian Goldner: And then Tim, the other pieces is -- and then, we’re also seeing growth in market share so the last two. So, growth in market share in the dolls business and in Girls, growth in markets share in outdoor and sports and growth in market share in games.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: One quick question then on follow-up, any impact yet from a new competitor in the outdoor sports area?
Brian Goldner: Well, our NERF business, our NERF brand and business were up in the quarter and our POS was up and our market share was up. So I would say, we’re focused on executing our plan for the year and we feel very good about the results in N-Strike and as well as in our Zombie Strike product and we have several new initiatives lined up for the third and fourth quarter in NERF. So we just continue with the innovation and great marketing and the team has done a great job.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Drew Crum from Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum - Stifel: Hey, great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So you guys have had very good momentum with the Girls business. And Brain, I think you mentioned that 70% of Furby’s revenue came in the second half last year. As you look at the second half of this year, do you feel like you have enough initiatives to grow the Girls business notwithstanding that headwind from Furby?
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Drew, thanks for the question. The Furby business, I should give you a kind of little color on it, because I think we’re seeing some impact in the second quarter on challenging comparisons to Furby and we’ll see that through the remainder of the year. As I mentioned, Furby in the second quarter was up in Latin America, so you have some mitigating elements. But overall, Furby is clearly one of the two big headwinds we cited early in the year, the other one being Beyblade. In the second quarter, Furby’s decline overall and Beyblade’s decline were similar. And we actually saw that Furby had a bigger impact than Beyblade in Europe and in Asia-Pacific, where Furby was very big a year ago. So Beyblade’s impact starts to diminish, Furby’s impact gets bigger in the third and fourth quarter. Having said that, we feel very good about the momentum in our Girls business and in the third and fourth quarter, you will see the Rainbow Rocks movie coming for Equestria Girls, Rainbow Power coming for MY LITTLE PONY. So we are as the team would say very Rainbowfied for the third and fourth quarter this year in that brand. Littlest Pet Shop’s, new product comes into the market related to the TV series. It's been out on the air in 130 plus geographies over several quarters and so that comes in for the third and fourth quarter. And we have a raft of really fun play in lots of other categories in Rebelle coming. And then even in other elements of our kind of Girls games business, we have really fun Disney Princess product lined up for the third and fourth quarter. And again, we feel very good about the plans for our Girls business going into the holiday season.
Drew Crum - Stifel: Got it. Very helpful. Okay. And then, Deb, let's see, the royalties were up in the quarter, which would be expected, but also advertising was up. And I think in years you have big entertainment slates, you typically see royalties up and advertising down. Is that still your expectation for 2014? Thanks.
Deb Thomas: I think overall Drew that would still be our expectation for 2014. I think what you have is just really the mix of products in the market, that’s driving both at the same time.
Drew Crum - Stifel: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. Can you let us know how much did Backflip contribute to the games segment in revenue?
Brian Goldner: I don’t think we give those specific numbers, but Backflip did contribute to games and would be noted inside of digital gaming.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then in China, did the Alpha Animation joint venture contribute to results or was the growth there all organic? 
Brian Goldner: It was all organic thus far, but the plan over time is in the next year or two will start to really activate that across some new IP as well as some of our other brands.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And lastly, you may touch on this in the future, but maybe if you could give us some idea now how you plan on monetizing your 3D printing venture with Shapeways? Thank you.
Brian Goldner: It’s exciting. It's just launching this week. We’ve always said and we talk to you guys about the modern boy and the modern girl and what we’re seeing in play. We want to revolutionize play and one of the big areas there is the creative makers, people who want to have their hand in making their own playthings with the brands and the play places they want to go. And we’re going to give them the opportunity, the enabling technology, Shapeways is a great partner. We wanted to start with Superfanart.com, which, as you know, launches an artist because there there's been a lot of interest among our fans for new art and art that has been created by both artists as well as fans. But you will see us continue to build product that allows people to customize and to contribute and to curate to that brand and that's like MY LITTLE PONY POP, that Hero Mashers already on the mass customization level. And then on the far end will be those folks who really want to create their own play things as well as their own engagement, the way they want in our brands. And so, we’re going to satisfy the desires of all of our fans and kids and adults alike.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mike Swartz with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Swartz - SunTrust: Yeah. Hey, good morning everyone.
Brian Goldner: Good morning.
Mike Swartz - SunTrust: Just clarification that the POS numbers that you pointed out earlier, are they normalized for the Easter holiday?
Brian Goldner: Not sure how we normalize them. These are the results of the quarter. So just as in first quarter, we didn’t normalize, we didn’t pick, put it back in Easter. So now these are the results that we got. We think it’s pretty reflective of what we’re seeing over-the-counter. And I would say, in the U.S. remember, Easter is really most impacted in U.S. Easter to Easter, we didn't see much variation year-on-year. So I would say that obviously just as in the calendar. Yeah.
Mike Swartz - SunTrust: That's perfect. Thank you. And then just maybe on advertising and just product support dollars for the remainder of the year, I mean how do you look at that? I mean, are you changing the way that you are investing in terms of digital versus in-store support?
Brian Goldner: We have focused on engaging the consumers and our fans and audiences digitally that comes in a lot of forms including content that's available ubiquitously and allows for young people and families and adults in some cases to view our content anytime and anywhere they want. It has a lot to do with the game play and gaming, whether it's from Backflip or whether it's from EA or Activision or DNA or Gameloft providing game playing experiences that feed back into the brand and the brand experience. In the marketing area, we have significantly increased our digital engagement, as well as social engagement with our brands. Look at the MONOPOLY site as people vote and millions and millions of people are getting involved in the House Rules MONOPOLY or Scrabble Showdown. So there's all kinds of digital and digital marketing that we’re doing and we will continue to increase those percentages. And that will have -- we think a change because obviously, the out-of-pocket costs for those initiatives are different. Although the CPMs might be viewed as higher the out-of-pocket costs are probably different. But then combine that with the acceleration in growth in some of our emerging markets where we do want to invest in advertising in the early quarters because we are seeing momentum there and we want to continue to grow those businesses. But again, I’d echo what Deb said earlier, which is for the full year, we would expect the numbers in advertising to normalize and obviously, royalties to be a bit higher in a strong entertainment year.
Mike Swartz - SunTrust: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have come to the end of our Q&A session. I will turn the floor back to Ms. Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you to everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our next earnings call is tentatively scheduled for Monday, October 20th. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Goldner - President and CEO Deborah Thomas - EVP and CFO Debbie Hancock - VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray James Hardiman - Longbow Research Sean McGowan - Needham & Company Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Gregory Badishkanian – Citigroup Eric Handler - MKM Partners Jaime Katz - Morningstar Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today we will begin with Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company’s quarterly performance and then we will take your questions. Our first quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today’s earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we’re referring to earnings per diluted share. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs and cost savings initiatives; financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today’s call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. In February, at Toy Fair we shared with you how Hasbro is creating a revolution in play across geographies consumer engagement and Hasbro brands. Hasbro franchise brands, emerging markets and our entertainment and licensing segment revenues grew year over year. In total, first quarter revenues increased 2% despite Easter happening in the second quarter of 2014 versus the first quarter of 2013 and ahead of most of our major movie shipments for the year. Geographically, the revolution in play is based on the premise that the emerging markets will deliver the fastest growth in our industry. Hasbro’s emerging market revenue grew 15% in the first quarter. Within the international segment, Latin America was our fastest growing region, up 17% as reported and up 27% excluding foreign exchange. All major countries within the region grew, including Mexico as well as the emerging market countries of Brazil, Chile, Peru and Colombia. Additionally, Europe increased 8% with growth in several mature countries, including the UK, Italy and Spain plus strong growth in our emerging market Eastern European countries which include Russia. As we said in February, we are poised for improvement in the U.S. and Canada segment. The U.S. business did improve in the first quarter behind new initiatives like Hero Mashers, continued momentum in franchise brands, My Little Pony, My Little Pony Equestria Girls, Nerf, and Nerf Rebelle as well as movie launches, including Captain America: The Winter Soldier out in theaters now. Several major films, notably Transformers: Age of Extinction and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are launching in a significant way in the second quarter. In addition, in the first quarter, Canada, Australia and France continued to present challenging economic conditions for our business. Overall the U.S. and Canada segment declined slightly in the quarter. International segment revenues increased 5% and entertainment and licensing revenues grew 13%. Within the entertainment and licensing segment, we had a contribution from Backflip Studios which was not in our results during the first quarter of last year. In addition, lifestyle licensing revenues grew driven by our franchise brands in particular My Little Pony. In 2014, we have strong retailer support both in-store and online for Hasbro product and licensing initiatives as we drive the revolution in consumer engagement with content, licensing and in partnership with our global retailers. From a brand perspective, Hasbro franchise brands grew 15% in the first quarter with growth in all our segments. Five of our seven franchise brands grew year-over-year, specifically Magic: The Gathering, Monopoly, My Little Pony, Nerf, and Play-Doh. The remaining franchise brands Littlest Pet Shop and Transformers have significant new initiatives slated for the remainder of the year backed by strong global retailer and entertainment support. This strong franchise brand performance helped deliver growth in our boys and girls categories. Boys category revenues increased 2% with growth in Marvel, Nerf and Super Soaker. Transformers revenues declined slightly in the first quarter as we shifted focus and geared up for shipments tied to the movie in the second quarter. We have strong global retail support for Transformers: Age of Extinction product as well as licensing programs as we activate the brand globally across our brand blueprint. Girls category revenues grew again this quarter increasing 21% year-over-year. Our franchise brand initiatives for My Little Pony and the addition of My Little Pony Equestria Girls and Nerf Rebelle delivered strong year-over-year gains for the girls category in the quarter. Our games revenues declined 4%. Both franchise brands Magic: The Gathering and Monopoly increased. With respect to Magic: The Gathering, the timing of releases can impact quarterly performance. While the brand grew this year's first quarter release was planned as a lighter release with fewer cards than the 2013 first quarter release. This change in release size had the biggest impact on the U.S. and Canada segment. Several other games mega brands grew this quarter, including Operation, Jenga, and Elefun and Friends. These games did not offset declines in our action battling initiatives and in Duel Masters, a Japanese trading card game. Finally, preschool category revenues declined 4% though Play-Doh continued to be a strong performer globally. Doh Vinci will launch later this year and will be reported in the girls category. Transformers Rescue Bots and Marvel Super Hero Adventures also grew slightly in the quarter but were more than offset by declines in core Playskool initiatives. In closing, the first quarter was a solid start to the year, a year which we feel very good about from an innovation, entertainment and execution standpoint. We are focused on driving our franchise and key partner brands, growing profits faster than revenues and delivering on creating a global revolution in play. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you Brian and good morning everyone. As Brian stated, the first quarter was a solid beginning to 2014. Revenues, operating profit and earnings per share increased year-over-year reflecting good momentum in Hasbro franchise brands and key partner brands, combined with the benefit of cost savings. Before we review our results, please note that the first quarter 2014 as reported had a $13.5 million or $0.10 per share favorable tax adjustment related to discrete items. Additionally, in the first quarter 2013, we had pretax charges of $28.9 million or $0.14 per share associated with restructuring and related pensions actions as well as favorable tax adjustments of $5.5 million or $0.04 per share. We've included a reconciliation to reported amounts in today's release. During the rest of my discussion of our business, I will exclude these items as they do not speak to the underlying performance of Hasbro. Looking at our segments, the U.S. and Canada segment first quarter revenues declined slightly, down 1%. The girls category grew but was offset by declines in the boys games and preschool categories. Segment operating profit declined 5% in the quarter, primarily resulting from lower revenue and product mix. In the international segment, the first quarter revenues increased 5% with Europe growing 8% and Latin America up 17%. Additionally, emerging market revenues increased 15% in the quarter. Boys and girls category revenue growth more than offset revenue declines in the games and preschool categories. Revenue growth in the international segment drove significant operating profit growth in the quarter, as the segment posted an operating profit of $2.4 million versus an operating loss of $4.5 million last year. Entertainment and licensing segment revenues grew 13% in the first quarter. The segment benefited from the revenue contribution of Backflip Studios. Revenue growth in lifestyle licensing was offset by lower entertainment revenues. Segment operating profit was $6 million compared to $7 million a year ago. Looking at our overall expenses. We continue to make progress and remain on track toward our goal of achieving $100 million in underlying cost savings by 2015. We continue to lower our costs while investing in areas of the business to drive long-term growth, including Backflip Studios, Magic: The Gathering and our IT and digital infrastructure. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue in the quarter declined and continued to benefit from improved inventory management and favorable revenue mix, including higher entertainment and licensing segment revenues. Royalty expense in the quarter was close to flat with last year but as we’ve discussed 2014 is an entertainment rich year for both Hasbro and our partners. Product development increased mainly due to the addition of Backflip Studios and incremental investments in Magic: The Gathering. Intangible amortization increased year-over-year due to incremental expense associated with Backflip. SD&A in the first quarter increased $7 million, reflecting the items we discussed at Toy Fair, including inflation, higher compensation and investments such as Backflip and Magic: The Gathering, partially offset by cost savings. Turning to our results below operating profit for the year. Other income was $5 million versus other expense of $4.1 million in 2013. Our 50% share in the Hub Network improved to a profit of $1.3 million in 2014 versus a loss of $1.1 million in 2013. The Hub Network remains on track to achieve its plan of pretax profitability in 2014. Additionally we had a $3.4 million gain from the sale of an asset, lower foreign exchange losses and improved investment returns in 2014. The first quarter underlying tax rate declined to 26.1% versus 26.4% in the first quarter 2013 and we continue to expect our full-year tax rate to be in the range 26% to 27%. For the quarter, average diluted shares were 132.7 million shares compared to 129.3 million in 2013. This increase is due to the appreciation in Hasbro stock price which resulted in higher stock option exercises. The actual amount of shares outstanding at the end of the first quarter 2014 was 130.2 million shares. Diluted earnings per share absent charges and the favorable tax adjustments were $0.14 in the first quarter 2014 versus $0.05 in 2013. Our business continued to generate strong cash flows from operations. During the quarter we generated $242 million of operating cash flow. For the trailing 12 months, operating cash flow was $345.7 million. At quarter end, cash totaled $792.2 million. Our capital deployment commitments remain intact. Our first priority is investing back into Hasbro for the long-term profitable growth of the business. The second is returning cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Finally, we remain committed to executing against these priorities in a manner consistent with maintaining our solid investment grade rating. In the first quarter we returned $132.9 million to shareholders, $52.4 million in cash dividends and $80.5 million in share repurchases. At quarter end, $444.3 million remained available in our current share repurchase authorization. Our first quarter repurchases were consistent with our stated objective to increase the pace of our share repurchases in 2014. We have $425 million of long-term debt which is current and matures in May of 2014. Given current interest rates, our plan is to refinance all of this amount. Receivables at quarter end increased 8% versus 2013. DSOs were 73 days compared to 69 days last year, reflecting the timing of collections and the mix of revenue. Inventories increased $67.1 million versus last year, ahead of our major movie launches in the second quarter. Additionally, international inventory growth was primarily in support of emerging markets. Our inventory at U.S. retail was down slightly at quarter end and internationally our inventory at retail was healthy. Overall, retail and Hasbro-owned inventory is of good quality. In closing, with most of the year still ahead of us, Q1 was a solid start to 2014, with good momentum in our franchise brands and more major entertainment launches beginning in the second quarter. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Piper Jaffray.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray: We have two questions if we can. One, Deb, for you, just on clarification around the inventory. I think you mentioned that the U.S. inventory at retail down slightly. How should we think about inventory pacing through the second quarter as you move into some of the other movie releases? And then a question as well for the group just on, broadly if you think about the year, how should we also think about first half versus second half in terms of kind of the pacing of revenue?
Deborah Thomas: Great. Well, good morning, Steph. As far as inventory at retail, we did say it was down slightly at the end of the first quarter. But you'll notice our inventory was up and as we put some color around that, we said it's really in light of our major movie and entertainment launches that are coming in the second quarter and beyond this year, and also in support of our emerging market business where we continue to build in inventory to support the full year. So while it’s down a bit at retail, it's all of good quality here and internationally and we’re gearing up for more major entertainment releases later in the year.
Brian Goldner: Hi, Steph, if you look at the inventory increase year on year, you'll see that two-thirds of that inventory is in support of our international and emerging market business and about a third is focused around the U.S. business and the fact that we have so many significant entertainment launches and momentum in several of our franchise brands. And if you look at the full year, we’ve talked about the boys business, clearly we have some great start to the year in several of our boys brands, particularly the Marvel business. We have seen growth in Nerf in the first quarter but if you look at boys action properties even with movies that occur in the second quarter, the template for the year-long sales still remains more backend loaded, we’ve talked about that before and as is true with the rest of our business and certainly true around the world. And so I think you’d see gating that is similar to prior years as you look at the four quarters of revenues.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of James Hardiman of Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research : I guess two questions, on Marvel, certainly encouraged by the fact that it was a positive contributor in the quarter. Obviously that was one of the biggest drivers of the declines in the boys business last year. Is it too early to say that Marvel will be a positive contributor for the year or is it more of a function of movie timing, how should we think about that?
Brian Goldner: I think overall if you look at the boys first quarter, what you see is clearly Marvel has moved ahead and have a number of initiatives there, both some great innovations with Hero Mashers that really began the new year in a great way and the product line that’s all about customization for boys, Captain America in the quarter and then as you move into the second quarter, clearly you really get into Spiderman in earnest as well as Transformers, not Marvel but Transformers as we look at the major launches for the year. Clearly this is a great year for the Marvel business. There is a lot of new entertainment coming and Guardians of the Galaxy coming later in the year. And if you look at our first quarter, again you talked about some of the challenges up against boys comps a year ago. Our biggest challenge in the first quarter in boys comps is actually in Beyblade and that's there. This is probably one of the biggest quarters a year ago that we had for Beyblade. And that represents a challenge this year versus last year. But as we move forward, we’re not going to give you the specifics except to say we are absolutely excited about the plans for Marvel this year and going into the future.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research : And then a couple of just housekeeping questions. Deb, the $3.4 million gain, was there a tax benefit associated with that, or was that a net number? And then I guess in terms of the balance sheet cash flow, it sounds like there were some timing things associated with inventory and accounts receivable. Once those sort of work their ways through during 2Q, should cash be more at sort of historical levels? They were obviously lower than a year ago coming out once you were, are those going to get back to sort of normal, or how should we think about that?
Deborah Thomas: Sure. Well, if you recall, we made a large payment to Disney toward the end of last year in connection with extending our -- and harmonizing our agreement to have everything go through 2020. So if you kind of look at the trailing 12 months, if you add that payment back in, you’re getting close to the $500 million and there were some timing issues of payments with inventory and receivables. But really nothing unusual in connection with that.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research : Great, and the $3.4 million gains, was that a net number?
Deborah Thomas: No, that was actually a gross number, and if you think about that, that was something that occurred in the U.S. So if you use really a U.S. tax rate it really shows it wasn’t a bigger number net as it looks on a gross basis. But we wanted to give that to you. Other than that, I mean our other income included better investment returns and lower foreign exchange losses kind of things that ebb and flow from year to year. But that was unusual, so we wanted to call that out and also within other income and expense as we were saying the Hub remains on track to pretax profitability and in fact had profit of $1.3 million versus a loss of a year ago.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Wanted to focus on the Magic release, a couple of questions about that. First, are you planning that there won't be any larger packs released later this year or is it really just timing, there will be some later?
Brian Goldner: In fact, Sean, it’s just timing. They go up and down through years, not really calendar oriented but really around the storyline that the teams work on and then put out to our players. And so yes there's larger and smaller releases planned throughout this year and that's been true throughout time.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay and I think you said, Brian, that, that was the major – that has a major impact on the U.S., maybe you haven’t said it, would it be fair to infer that it also had a major impact on the overall games business?
Brian Goldner: If you look at games, remember games, particularly more traditional face-to-face gaming is a very responsive category to Easter. So the fact that Easter is three weeks later this year does have an impact on what we see in terms of games shipments and sell-through more than other categories. And if you look at Magic, the fact that it was a lighter release this quarter we saw, if you look at within the U.S. and Canada segment, that Canada was more challenging. We saw momentum in the U.S. business, Canada as we change over some retailers as well just the economic environment. And so I would say overall it was magic impact first and then the Canadian business second as impact.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. And since we are now past Easter, can you say that retail performance suggested that whatever negative impact there was on the timing in the first quarter has been made up in the second quarter?
Brian Goldner: We really saw that over the last few weeks leading up to this weekend, and we’re still digesting some of the data from the last day or two. But we’ve seen significant increases in U.S. POS that’s improved and we’ve finished the Easter season with a very good momentum to start Q2.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: A couple of others. Deborah, is there any change in your guidance on expenses, that highly detailed breakdown that you gave at Toy Fair? Any change directionally in some of the key drivers there?
Deborah Thomas: No. No change directionally, and I think you are seeing some of that in the first quarter where we are seeing cost savings offset a bit by some of the investments we’re making. So overall we may have some timing impact but no change to the guidance we gave at Toy Fair.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company: And last question, that is, I didn’t hear anything about Furby. Was Furby a net negative in the girls category?
Brian Goldner: Furby is rolling out in the non-English-speaking markets Furby boom, the second-generation of Furby. Furby was down in the quarter, I mentioned back at Toy Fair that we thought Furby would be our most challenging comp for the year but in fact in the first quarter it was a Beyblade. So Furby has performed relatively well although down in the quarter. It continues to have very strong POS in a number of markets around the world and we are launching Furby boom in non-English-speaking markets this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Swartz of SunTrust Robinson.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : A quick question with the girls business up 21%, I mean that’s a pretty big number coming on top of a pretty nice comp from last year. I mean could you maybe talk about that in terms of how much that's been driven by POS versus maybe some larger product shipments in the quarter?
Brian Goldner: In fact, POS in the girls business across-the-board is very strong. We're really seeing that both My Little Pony core as well as Equestria Girls as an additional line is very positive to the brand and additive overall. Nerf Rebelle has been a great launch for us. It continues to have great momentum and we are rolling that out around the world. We saw growth in a couple other of our brands within the girls business. And remember that Nerf Rebelle and Equestria Girls began shipping late in Q2 last year. So this is a quarter where we're clearly clear air versus year ago really adding to our position in the girls business. We’re also seeing our market share in girls, in particularly in dolls grow, grow in the U.S. around the world and we’re also seeing that growth in outdoor activities where Nerf Rebelle has scored on NPD data. So overall I would say that it is a good start to the year and we have lots of new initiatives coming for girls. In the fall we launched Littlest Pet Shop initiative, the TV show is now out around the world, in about 140 countries. And we are really looking forward to getting Littlest Pet Shop launch again.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : And then just maybe looking at the Asia-Pacific business and just talking around that, have down 13%, and one of your competitors pointed out Australia as being pretty weak. I mean could you maybe flush out what's going on there? Is this a temporary issue or just any color you can give us?
Brian Goldner: Sure. It is, Australia is a market that had been more challenged from an economic situation. You look at consumer data and a number of other indications over the last year, and clearly it's been a market with more of a consumer malaise and we’re working through that. We don't view it as a permanent position but rather something that we’re addressing, a new leadership in there as of about 10 months ago and a team on the field that’s doing a great job in helping to turn that business around. And that really had the dominant impact on the Asia-Pac results. There is – there are some timing issues related to some shipments in China and other Asian countries in the first quarter. But we view those as very temporary.
Operator: Your next question will be coming from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Brian, thanks for the POS data on the girls side of your business. I was wondering if you could give us that for games?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, that POS in games in the first quarter was down, if you look as I said we got that three-week difference. We saw overall as a company in our games business the POS really accelerating later into right before this Easter and we’re still digesting this past weekend’s data. But the fact is we've seen some really good improvement in POS across the company. We do see in our franchise brands strong POS growth whether it's Nerf or in our girls business obviously Marvel is a contributor in POS as well as in shipments. And we have a number of big launches coming in our games business in the remainder the year, a number across the Monopoly brand, including My Monopoly this fall and the house rules Monopoly as you know. And then in girls a number of new gaming initiatives coming in particular the Disney Princess line within the girls games business. In boys one of the biggest contributors to the decline in the first quarter in games was in our boys and action battling as we’re shifting out of one form of action battling games and we’re launching this year something called Battle Masters which you may have seen at Toy Fair that features both Marvel as well as Transformers characters, and that’s coming. And then we have a number of things coming in our preschool areas of games as well, including a brand-new Mousetrap Play-Doh games and also a line up of Disney junior games and then in teens we’ve got that new Simon Swipe game. So we feel again as you look broadly for the year, we’ve got a lot of great new initiatives in games and our magic business and again I think that Easter did have an impact on the games business.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: So it sounds like you would expect games to generate growth, year-over-year growth this year?
Brian Goldner: We don’t want to forecast specifically but I would tell you that we have a lot lined up in our games business. And we certainly feel as good about games this year as we did last year this time. And we – the teams have done a really good job of creating new innovations in our games business and that's true both in the core games business as well as in Magic: The Gathering and other games.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then other than that shift in the new introduction in Magic, are you seeing any kind of other issues competitively or anything like that?
Brian Goldner: No, I think that, again the games business overall is certainly holiday oriented and that's true of both Easter as well as obviously Christmas. And we’ve got a number of new initiatives launching that are in support of a number of new games across categories.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, I guess I was specifically talking about the timing of the release -- of the new release up for Magic?
Brian Goldner: Oh, what we – sorry, I didn’t understand. So we have releases that come throughout the year. So there's not just one more, there will be a couple more. And they just vary in size and they're all related to new storylines and the team swears me to secrecy as they take us through this because obviously each of the new releases is met with great excitement and buzz and there is a lot of buzz out there for some of the new releases that are coming among the fans. But there will be a number of new releases this year in Magic.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then just, can you – when are you planning on starting to ship the Transformers product?
Brian Goldner: Transformers ships in this quarter in time for the movie. As you know typically we have product merchandise anywhere from 4 to 6 weeks before the movie launches around the world, and we work with our global retailers to ensure that both our toys and games product as well as great licensing initiatives are set for that time period as marketing builds and interest in the film builds.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian – Citigroup: Just to follow up on the movie shipments for Spiderman, you shipped I guess a little bit of that out in the first quarter and most of it will come in the second quarter.
Brian Goldner: Spiderman shipped a little bit more than Transformers. Transformers we only shipped very very little bit at the end of the quarter. So predominantly second quarter and then obviously we will follow the DNA of most boys properties where still the second quarter will not be probably as big as the third and fourth quarters for those properties. A bit more in Spiderman but still not the pre-movie set.
Gregory Badishkanian – Citigroup: And then internationally maybe just POS for Europe and Latin America just generally speaking or if anything stood out to you?
Brian Goldner: As we look around the world that industry growth as well as POS, and you look at Latin America where we have third-party data in Brazil and Mexico the industry is up and our POS is up very strongly. As you look around the rest of Latin America we have our own proprietary data and work with retailers to see where the market is, we believe the industry is up and our business is up with very strong POS and growth market for market. In Europe we’re seeing some POS growth but also a few declines in a couple of countries where again we’ve got differences in timing and also our new initiatives are garnering a very strong POS relative to the underlying business. So whether that’s My Little Pony or Equestria Girls or Rebelle or Marvel which has had a great start internationally. That's all being borne out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler, MKM Partners.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners: I wondered if you could talk a little bit about Transformers, go back a little bit in history and talk about the international growth that you’ve seen with the brand with the last couple movies and how much more developed your sort of emerging markets are now versus the last film?
Brian Goldner: Sure. If you go back and look at the first three films, the first film our sales were about – we released those numbers -- were about $492 million, the second film was $592 million, third film was something like $482 million. And then if you look at the growth, and just look at the growth in global box office which is benefiting all these entertainment initiatives, the first Transformers movie’s entire box office is not as big as our international box office for the third move. So we’re really seeing the growth around the world particularly in emerging markets. You’re seeing people building malls and multiplexes and consumers in these developing economies, emerging middle class is wanting to go out for the movies and it's great to see how global movie initiatives can take hold and help to support and drive the growth of those brands. We’ve certainly seen that, we have historically strong brand presence and legacy for Transformers around the world particularly in Asia. It's been on the air in markets around the world in 180 territories in our television over the last couple years. We, Hasbro, are running the biggest footprint, we've run in the history of the company and all the markets we now enjoy having our teams on the ground and are doing a great job. So again I think that as we look go forward part of the building of the brand blueprint was the idea of running a bigger global footprint with Hasbro’s own marketing and sales personnel and then executing that blueprint in immersive experiences either our own films or great partners’ films from Marvel and from over time Lucas film coming over the next couple of years.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners: So as quick follow-up, out of those totals that you gave for the first three films, what percentage of your business was international from those three films? How was that increase as a percentage of revenue?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, I don't have that specific number in front of me but it's always been -- the first film obviously more North American focused and the third film more internationally focused, and you’ve seen a bit of a shift but it's not gotten to 70:30, it’s a bit over pronounced in terms of the international business relative to the domestic business just like the rest of our business.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime Katz – Morningstar: I just have one housekeeping question. Can you just talk about refinancing that debt and how you plan on managing to your leverage targets and if those maybe have changed?
Deborah Thomas: Sure. No, what we -- we did say at Toy Fair and continue to state today that on given current interest rates we would expect to refinance all of that debt and we have $425 million due mid-May. So that's kind of the timing of it. And as we think about our debt targets they are pretty consistent with what we said before. First and foremost we want to maintain our solid investment grade rating. So as we look at our targets of debt to EBITDA I think we're about 2.0 something this quarter debt to EBITDA. But our target remains in that 2 to 2.5 range and EBITDA to interest, our target remains at 8 times, I think we were 6.5 or 7 for the quarter. But our intent is to refinance that debt.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson of BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: We’ve heard a lot of commentary on POS for different segments. I was hoping you give us an overall US retail POS and the actual international if possible?
Brian Goldner: Hello Gerrick. The overall US POS was down in the quarter relative to quarter on quarter comparatively. You have to look at the difference between the three weeks -- three weeks difference to Easter in order to see that, and as I said we’ve had significant improvement in POS over the last few weeks as we head toward the Easter week and that’s true in the US and in several countries around the world where Easter is meaningful. And sorry, I didn’t get the second part of your question?
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: It was just a follow up on international POS and what that looked like, and I understand the whole Easter shift but this is for our modeling purposes, it helps to know what the actual POS was in the quarter?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so overall POS was down in the first quarter in toys and games compared to a year ago. As i said you look at through this past weekend and we’re still digesting the last few days of data. We've made up a lot of that ground. So I would say Easter looks relatively good and we certainly have great momentum going into the second quarter. Clearly Latin America is particularly a strong region for us market to market where we have both third-party data as well as our own data. In Europe we've seen some good growth in the UK, POS down in a few other countries where we have data, we mentioned Australia and in France we talked about challenges in France, and down a bit in Germany. And then if you look at the franchise brands, we talked about franchise brands growth of 15% and we’ve also seen great growth in POS against those brands whether it's Nerf exclusive and then inclusive of Nerf Rebelle, My Little Pony and then the inclusion of Equestria Girls but core My Little Pony, the Marvel business all showing good growth and growth in POS.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, that’s very helpful. I guess that covers all POS questions. Maybe you could give us an idea of what Backflip contributed in the quarter and then also just to get back to Wizards of the Coast, to understand and you’re very clear about the release impact on Magic but I was hoping you give us an actual shipment number on which Wizards, it’s a metric you’ve given us in the past.
Brian Goldner: Overall Wizards, and we’ve never really given you a number but overall WotC business was slightly down in the quarter but we talked about Duel Masters which is obviously a Wizards initiative, a Japanese trading card brand. So again it's in that area where we saw some of the changes going on in the Japanese trading card market. That’s where we are with that. And then on the Backflip, it's -- backflip contributed in revenues and EBITDA if you take out amortization but with amortization was bit dilutive.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Any idea how much it did contribute in revenue?
Brian Goldner: We're not reporting it, we’re not breaking it out separately but clearly I will tell you like overall digital gaming business was up nicely in the quarter. So that includes Backflip as well as some other categories of digital gaming.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: On Furby, you mentioned that that was down and obviously you expect that to be down versus difficult comparisons this year. Can you just sort of outline what quarters will be the most difficult comparisons in Furby? And then on Playskool, a little bit more color there, any impact you’re seeing from the broad category having I guess some challenges?
Brian Goldner: The Playskool numbers, if you look Playskool and look at the overall preschool business, the core preschool business, we have the January and February NPD data and clearly the industry category was down. What we’re really seeing is accounts is the character-led preschool initiatives are clearly working. We saw growth in our Marvel preschool business as well as Transformers preschool business and then our Play-Doh business is performing nicely globally and really growing as one of our newest franchise brands and taking hold. The core Playskool business was down in the category and that’s consistent with what we've seen in some of the industry trends. If you look at Furby, clearly Furby would -- the biggest impact would be in the third and fourth quarter of the year consistent with holiday sales.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Crum with Stifel.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus : Wondered if you guys could comment on mix and its impact on gross margin in the quarter and how you see that playing out going forward, as this is a big year for the boys business which tends to carry lower gross margin than games? That’s the first question. Secondly, one of your competitors is entering the shooter outdoor category with a new line, I wonder if you could comment on conversations you’re having with retailers in terms of anticipated shelf space for Nerf?
Deborah Thomas: Sure, but let me take the gross margin question and then we will talk about – Brian can talk about the other question. But from a gross margin standpoint we are benefiting from mix and a lot of that’s really coming from the growth in our franchise brands. We talked about our franchise brands have grown 15% in the quarter and that mix is impacting us positively as well. We’re also benefiting from cost savings in the quarter in that gross margin line. So as we said at Toy Fair, we expect it to be able to [indiscernible] gross margins around levels consistent with full-year – a year ago, and that still remains our guidance for the full year.
Brian Goldner: Drew, if you look at the Nerf business, in the first quarter Nerf’s momentum was both in shipments as well as strong POS and that's within the boys arena. The addition of Nerf Rebelle was also significant over and above those increases and the POS there has been great in that part of our business, the new Nerf Rebelle brand is rolling out around the world and is merchandised primarily in the girls aisles of global retail. And we’re seeing great new innovations coming from Nerf throughout the year and feel very strongly that our Nerf business from an innovation and marketing standpoint is in a very good place.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus : And just one more question for me. As far as Beyblade is concerned, when does that no longer become a factor in terms of comps for the boys business?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, I think you will really see it diminished particularly as we get to the second half of the year -- as a significant comparison, Drew.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we’ve reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back to Brian Goldner for any additional comments.
Brian Goldner: Thank you. Before Debbie makes her closing remarks, I wanted to take a moment and recognize that shortly the Boston Marathon will begin taking place. We want to wish all the runners, spectators and the city of Boston a successful and safe day. Regardless of where you live we are all Boston strong today. Debbie?
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Brian and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally management’s prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our next earnings call is tentatively scheduled for Monday, July 21. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian D. Goldner - President and CEO Deborah M. Thomas - EVP and CFO Debbie Hancock - VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC Jaime Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Eric Handler - MKM Partners
Operator: Greetings. Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode. Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter and full year earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today’s earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today’s call. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we’re referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial results and discuss important factors impacting our performance. Following their prepared remarks, Brian and Deb will be happy to take your questions. Before we begin, please note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs and cost savings initiatives; financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today’s call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. 2013 represented an important inflection point for our Company as we heightened our focus in execution around our most important global initiatives, our Franchise Brands and Partner Brands across the brand blue print. Our Franchise brands grew double-digits globally and grew in both the U.S and Canada and international segments. Our Girls business reached a record level, topping $1 billion in revenue for the first time. Our global entertainment strategy delivered more than $400 million in television backed merchandise revenues. We introduced several new brand initiatives across product categories and demographics that gained strong consumer adoption globally. We furthered partnerships including extending our relationship with Disney for the Marvel and Lucasfilm franchises. We continued to post double-digit growth in our emerging markets and we continued to invest in our business. Including investments in our digital capabilities in both digital gaming in Magic, The Gathering and in Backflip Studios, as well as in consumer engagement. However, as we’ve previously discussed, 2013 presented difficult comparisons within our Boys category given the entertainment calendar in 2013 versus 2012 and continued challenges in developed economies such as the U.S. and Australia. We also have been actively implementing our cost savings initiative, which from a strategic perspective focuses us on fewer brand initiatives while we tactically streamline the organization, exit unprofitable brands, license out select brands and build Hasbro’s global team orientation. It is a time of global transformation and challenge for Hasbro, but we’re a stronger company today and in a position of financial strength to continue driving our brand innovation as we enter 2014. For 2013, we posted revenue of $4.08 billion and excluding charges, an operating profit margin of 14.6%, both essentially flat with 2012. Net earnings for the company excluding charges and a tax adjustment were also essentially flat with 2012 and EPS increased slightly. We incurred a number of restructuring and other charges mostly associated with the transformation I referred to earlier and Deb will speak to these expenses in more detail shortly. As a result, we’re better positioned today to align our business towards delivering long-term profitable growth. Importantly, we’re seeing positive momentum in the areas of our heightened focus, our Franchise Brands. In 2013, Franchise Brands grew 15%, increasing double-digits in the U.S and Canada and internationally. Overall, six of the seven Franchise Brands delivered revenue growth in the year- specifically, Magic: The Gathering, Monopoly, My Little Pony, Nerf, Play-Doh and Transformers increased versus 2012. In total, our Franchise Brands represented 44% of 2013 revenues, up from 38% in 2008. My Little Pony reached a record revenue level. Transformers grew in a non-movie year supported by our successful global television strategy. Nerf revenues grew in the Boys category as well as through the tremendous launch of Nerf Rebelle within the Girls category; and Magic: The Gathering revenues increased again supported by our further investments. The Emerging markets, another area of high priority for Hasbro, grew 25% in 2013 to reach $575 million in revenues and represent 14% of total company revenues. The Emerging markets growth contributed to increased revenue in all regions across the International segment with strong performances from many countries including China, Brazil, Poland, and Russia. Profitability in these markets also increased, growing more than 40% to 10.1% of emerging market revenues versus 8.9% of revenues in 2012. This improvement is the result of strong top line growth driven by the execution of our brand blueprint, thereby enabling us to begin to leverage our investments in these higher growth markets. While operating profit did increase significantly within the emerging markets, operating profit margin still remains below overall company averages. As the emerging markets represented a larger percentage of our overall business in 2013, this negatively impacted our overall profit margin for the year, despite the growth in operating profit margin within the International segment. Over time, we continue to target double-digit revenue growth in the emerging markets and operating profit margin improvement approaching levels consistent with our company average, which should contribute to expanded profit margins over time. The Girls, Games and Preschool categories all grew revenues in 2013. Girls led all categories with 26% growth in the year, and reached $1 billion in revenues for the first time in Hasbro’s history. Considering the Girls category as defined today was $300 million in revenue 10 years ago, this milestone is extremely significant. We have built a Girls portfolio of strong brands with global appeal and we’re seeing the results of new innovation and insights with six consecutive quarters of growth. Behind a successful global entertainment, licensing and retail strategy which re-launched the brand in 2010, My Little Pony has grown to represent approximately $650 million at retail across the blueprint. In 2013, we grew both the core My Little Pony products as well as successfully launched My Little Pony Equestria Girls. According to NPD, for the week of Christmas, Dec 22nd to Dec 28th, Hasbro’s Equestria Girls was the number one selling Fashion Themed Doll in the United States, taking the top spot from veteran players in this toy category. The combination of strong consumer insights, global digital content and engaging storytelling, innovative products and comprehensive retail execution, enabled My Little Pony to post three years of revenue growth, expand its geographic and demographic reach and to be well positioned entering 2014. Also contributing to the strong Girls performance in 2013, the introduction of Nerf Rebelle offered an entirely new play pattern for Girls around the world. According to NPD, across five markets, Nerf Rebelle was the number one new brand in the Sports Activities & Games category for 2013. Importantly, our core Nerf business grew overall and in both the U.S. and Canada segment as well as internationally excluding Nerf Rebelle. In its second year since re-launch, Furby continued to contribute to the Girls category year-over-year gains. Furby launched in non-English speaking markets in 2013, and had a very strong performance internationally with more than 70% of revenues outside the U.S. and Canada. In its second year, Furby was the number one toy in the top five European markets according to NPD. Leveraging the success of our global television content, Littlest Pet Shop, our seventh Franchise Brand, is poised for re-launch in 2014 with new product and an integrated entertainment, social media and digital campaign. We hope you can join us this Friday in New York at our annual Toy Fair Investor Event to hear more about our plans. The Games category also posted another year of growth, marking two consecutive years of increases. In 2011, we made the decision to dramatically change our approach to gaming, and to invest more heavily in fewer initiatives. We are now seeing the positive results of this decision. We have the capability and are committed to providing the growing population of global game players the opportunity to play our tremendous Hasbro game brands and new brands across every gaming format, anytime, and anywhere. Magic: The Gathering is the premiere trading card game offering integrated digital and analog play and in 2013 again posted strong growth, contributing to the overall category performance. We continue to invest in Magic: The Gathering to grow this brand globally from a digital and analog perspective. Digital gaming continues to expand across consumer groups and our digital gaming presence is extensive with industry leading partnerships across gaming platforms. In 2013 we added new resources and talent to Hasbro with the addition of Backflip Studios to our gaming portfolio. In 2014, we will have a full year of contribution from Backflip. The Backflip team is focused in three areas: Driving their already successful brands like Dragonvale; launching new game brands like Dwarven Den and several others; and launching games based on Hasbro brands that connect across digital and analog play. You will hear more about these efforts at our upcoming Investor Event at Toy Fair on Friday. At the core of our games business, are the Hasbro games brands and new initiatives that constitute the majority of the category. These brand initiatives had a number of successes including growth in Monopoly and several of our Games Mega brands such as Elefun & Friends, Jenga and Twister as well as the launch of Telepods featuring Angry Birds and the introduction of our value gaming line. Excluding both Games Franchise Brands, Magic: The Gathering and Monopoly, our Games category grew in 2013, reflecting the strength of innovation within the category and the positive results of the investments we have made in Hasbro Gaming. Additionally, our Preschool category grew revenues in 2013 with growth in our Franchise Brands Play-Doh and Transformers Rescue Bots as well as growth in Sesame Street, highlighted by Big Hugs Elmo. It’s worth noting that 2013 was the largest revenue year for Play-Doh in the brand’s history. As I mentioned earlier, the Boys category had difficult comparisons with 2012 and did not grow in 2013. Despite growth in Nerf in the Boys category and in Transformers during a non-movie year, the declines in entertainment-backed properties Beyblade and Marvel were not offset by growth in our two Franchise Brands. Within the Boys category, we continue to develop innovative multi-tiered immersive experiences while also leveraging film and television entertainment. 2014 is the first of a robust multi-year entertainment slate for our Boys brands. The fourth feature film in the Transformers franchise, Transformers: Age of Extinction is scheduled for release and will feature all new characters and storylines. Marvel Studios is releasing two new feature films, including Captain America: The Winter Soldier and an all-new franchise in the making, Guardians of the Galaxy. Sony Pictures is releasing The Amazing Spiderman 2. Finally, Lucasfilm is unveiling all new Star Wars Rebels television programming late in 2014. Therefore, in addition to the momentum and innovation we are creating in our Franchise Brands, 2014 is just the first year of an unprecedented era of new boys’ entertainment which builds over the next several year period with major theatrical releases scheduled for 2015 and beyond. In addition to major theatrical films, our global television strategy is delivering content to consumers around the world. In 2013, we achieved more than $400 million of television-backed merchandise revenues fueled by the successful execution of our branded content strategy globally. Our key series are seen on an average of 180 territories and carried by fully-distributed cable networks as well as major broadcast networks and digital platforms in every region. Hasbro shows continue to be among the highest rated shows in the majority of markets where they air. This branded content is helping drive our emerging markets success, where Transformers and My Little Pony are consistently top rated programs in these markets. In the U.S., the Hub Network had its best year ever in total day ratings. On January 13th, the Hub Network refreshed its on-air look and unveiled a new marketing strategy based on: “Making family fun.” Since its launch four years ago, the Hub Network has been the most co-viewed children’s network in percentage terms versus all kids’ cable networks. The Hub Network has a plan to achieve pre-tax profitability in 2014. In closing, 2013 was a challenging year in many ways. According to NPD, the toy industry declined slightly in several developed markets, including the U.S., UK and Australia. Shoppers came later than ever and there were fewer shopping days in the critical holiday season. Our entertainment comparisons in Boys were difficult and we’re working aggressively to eliminate activities and areas of our business which do not contribute to our long-term positive top and bottom line. Despite these factors, we had many successes executing our brand blueprint globally. This includes Hasbro successfully launching new IP and brand innovations, enhancing our global and digital consumer engagement, delivering engaging global content and focusing on profitably growing over the long run. As a result, we’re well positioned to build on these efforts this year and beyond. I’d like to now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. In 2013 we took important steps both strategically and operationally toward executing our brand blueprint globally while heightening our focus on our Franchise Brands. As Brian discussed, this resulted in growth for six of our seven Franchise Brands, continued double-digit revenue and profit increases in the emerging markets, and a solid financial position for Hasbro upon which we will build in 2014 and beyond to deliver long-term profitable growth in our business. In 2013, our revenues were flat with 2012 as growth in the Girls, Games and Preschool categories offset the $339 million dollar decrease in our Boys category, which came primarily from declines following a strong 2012 entertainment year. Operating Profit, operating profit margin, net earnings and earnings per share also remained essentially flat with 2012, excluding charges and the favorable tax adjustment in the year. Our balance sheet is strong and we ended the year with $682.4 million of cash and we’re strategically investing in the long-term growth of Hasbro while returning cash to our shareholders both in dividends and share repurchases. Our strategy also meant undertaking a number of operational and tactical decisions which resulted in incremental expenses and charges in the short-term. These steps are enabling us to better execute our strategy, lower our underlying cost base and focus on our more profitable initiatives over the long-term. In summary, in 2013, restructuring expenses were in the anticipated range which we previously communicated. For the year they totaled $36.7 million pre-tax and related pension charges were also as anticipated at $7 million pre-tax for the year. In the fourth quarter, we incurred charges associated with the decision to exit certain non-strategic brands which we’re no longer focusing on. Many of these were primarily tied to what we have referred to in the past as the “tail of the games business.” This relates to games brands and initiatives we are no longer investing in and frequently are below our profit targets. Additionally, we amended our agreement with Zynga to reflect their changing direction and Hasbro’s increased focus on our largest Games brands. Taken together, these actions resulted in an incremental charge of $40.6 million. Approximately $30 million of these charges were non-cash. While this has resulted in higher expense in the fourth quarter 2013, it will help improve our profitability and lower expenses in future periods. Other costs incurred in 2013 include $61.1 million associated with the settlement of a previously announced adverse arbitration award. And finally partially offsetting these charges, we had a favorable tax adjustment in 2013 of $23.6 million. In my discussion of our business, I will exclude these charges and tax adjustment, as well as the $47.2 million in restructuring charges we incurred in 2012, as they do not speak to the underlying performance of Hasbro. Looking at our segments, in the U.S. and Canada segment, full-year revenues were down 5% on a decline in the Boys and Preschool categories, partially offset by growth in the Girls and Games categories. Operating profit declined 2%, while operating profit margin increased to 15.6% versus 15.2% last year, as improvements from product mix and lower advertising were partially offset by higher expense levels, primarily due to investments made in our Magic: The Gathering brand. In the International segment, full-year revenues grew 5% with growth in all regions. Europe increased 3%, Asia Pacific 4% and Latin America 12%. Underlying these strong regional performances was 25% growth in our emerging markets. Girls, Games and Preschool category revenues all increased in the International segment in 2013 and more than offset the decline in the Boys category. Operating profit for the segment grew faster than revenues, increasing 8% resulting in a higher operating profit margin of 12.6% of revenues versus 12.2% in 2012 as we gained further operating cost leverage. As Brian spoke to, emerging markets profitability grew but remains below overall company averages. As we continue to leverage our investments we are targeting further improvement in the margin of these higher growth territories. Finally, Entertainment and Licensing revenues also grew 5% in 2013 on higher digital gaming revenues, including the six month contribution of Backflip Studios, and growth in lifestyle licensing. Overall, entertainment revenues were down in the year primarily due to lower television streaming revenues in 2013 versus 2012. Operating profit declined $6.5 million primarily due to the impact of our acquisition of Backflip Studios. Overall, Backflip’s contribution to Hasbro in 2013 was modestly dilutive versus our expectation of neutral. However, Backflip’s contribution was accretive prior to amortization and, as Brian said, the team, their brands and their talent are important new assets to our business which we will leverage for the full year 2014 and beyond. Looking at our overall expenses, we continue to make progress and we remain on track toward our goal of achieving $100 million in cost savings by 2015 and our underlying costs have declined. At the same time, we’ve seen increases in various expense items reflecting the larger geographical base of our business and ongoing investments into our business to both grow revenue and decrease ongoing costs. For the full year, cost of sales as a percentage of revenue declined slightly and continued to benefit from improved inventory management and product mix. These gains were partially offset by higher promotional activity in the fourth quarter 2013 versus 2012. Royalty expense was down in dollars and as a percentage of sales in the year due to lower revenues from entertainment-based properties. As a reminder, as Brian spoke to, 2014 begins a period of strong entertainment which builds over the next several years, from both Hasbro and our partners. Product development was higher in the year due to the addition of Backflip Studios, incremental investments in Magic: The Gathering and film development write-offs incurred during the year.  Advertising declined in absolute dollars but remained close to the low end of the 10% to 11% of revenues range that we typically target. Underlying intangible amortization increased in 2013 due to an incremental $8.1 million of expense associated with Backflip Studios. As we have seen the continued benefits of focusing the company’s efforts on our Franchise Brands and our larger mega games brands such as Twister, Jenga and Elefun & Friends, we’ve further reduced our revenue expectations on many of the Games that are smaller in nature. Under accounting rules, these reduced expectations on revenue resulted in an intangible impairment. Therefore, on an as reported basis, including charges, intangible amortization was up significantly as $19.7 million of the product-related expense we incurred resulted from the write-off of intangible assets related to these non-core brands. SD&A increased in 2013 to 20.6% of revenue compared to 19.9% of revenue in 2012. Higher compensation-related costs, as well as investments we have made in certain brands, the acquisition of Backflip Studios, higher depreciation, and costs related to our global implementation of SAP, more than offset cost reductions which were primarily due to lower headcount. Turning to our results below operating profit for the year. Total non-operating expense increased versus 2012. Our 50% share in the Hub Network improved from a loss of $6 million in 2012 to a loss of $2.4 million in 2013. For 2014, the Hub Network has a plan to achieve pre-tax profitability. This improvement was offset by a number of factors including lower investment earnings and higher foreign exchange losses. The 2013 underlying tax rate declined to 25.8% versus 27% in 2012. This improvement was the result of a higher mix of profits in lower tax rate geographies. Looking forward to 2014, we would expect our tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. For the year, average diluted shares were 131.8 million shares compared to 131.9 million in 2012. Diluted earnings per share, absent charges and the favorable tax adjustment, were $2.83 in 2013 versus $2.81 in 2012. Hasbro also continues to generate strong cash flow. Operating cash flow was $401 million in the year. This includes $125 million in long-term royalty advances paid to Disney over the twelve month period. At year end, cash totaled $682.4 million. Approximately 28% of this balance was held in the U.S. Additionally, during the third quarter, we paid $112 million for our investment in Backflip Studios. We remain committed to strategically investing in our business and returning excess cash to our shareholders through our dividend and buyback programs. Today, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend of $0.03 per share, or 8%, to $0.43 per share. This is the 10th increase in 11 years and fifth consecutive year with an increase in our dividend. In fact, over the last decade our quarterly dividend has grown from $0.06 per share to now $0.43 per share. In August of 2013, the Board authorized the Company to repurchase an additional $500 million of our common stock and $524.8 million remained available at year-end in current share repurchase authorizations. Given our current U.S. cash levels, we’re planning for an accelerated share repurchase program in 2014 compared to the $102.5 million we spent in 2013. Receivables at year-end increased 6% versus 2012. DSOs were 77 days versus 72 days in 2012 and reflect the strong revenue growth in emerging markets that have longer terms than developed economies. Inventories increased $32.7 million versus last year in support of our growing emerging markets business. Our inventory at U.S. retail was down double-digits at year-end, international retail inventory is healthy and overall retail and Hasbro-owned inventory is of good quality. In closing, 2013’s results reflect the positive momentum behind strategic investments in our Franchise Brands, emerging markets and the long-term profitable growth of Hasbro. Over the coming years, we will continue to focus on these important initiatives, while leveraging the robust entertainment slate of major motion pictures. Our strong financial position allows us to continue investing in our business and return cash to our shareholders both in terms of our dividend and our share repurchase. Brian and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Do you hear me okay. Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So Brian and Deb, I want to ask first about the net savings forecast from the restructuring, your plan for in 2014. And then product related, as far as the Girls business is concerned, can you talk about the puts and takes for this year? Are you planning for growth with that business? Thanks.
Brian D. Goldner: Good morning, Drew.
Deborah M. Thomas: Good morning, Drew. Let me take the cost savings piece of the question first. As we discussed previously and we will talk a little bit more about on Friday, we do remain on track to achieve our $100 million of cost savings by 2015. In 2013 we achieved approximately $50 million of cost savings and we do remain on track to achieve the $100 million by ’15.
Brian D. Goldner: And Drew, if we look at the Girls business, obviously we had contribution from a number of brands. Certainly My Little Pony both the core My Little Pony as well as Equestria Girls grew in the year. And we saw obvious contribution from Furby. It’s our first year was in 2013, our first year in non-English speaking markets. We also saw growth in brands like Easy-Bake and as we go through 2014, we’re restaging and relaunching Littlest Pet Shop in the fourth quarter; the entertainment is already out and is already on air in more than a 130 markets around the world. We are seeing great results with our content strategy. It’s also out there on digital gaming platforms and we will re-launch the product in third and fourth quarter this year. I’m not going to give you overall guidance for any category this morning, but suffice it to say we have great momentum in our Girls business between the brands I mentioned and if you include new launches like Nerf Rebelle, you’re really seeing great momentum and obviously a great milestone for us to achieve a going beyond a $1 billion in sales in our Girls business for the first time in our history.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Hi. Good morning. Brian, at the end of your prepared remarks, you said that you’re looking to eliminate some activities that don’t contribute to your top and bottom line. I was wondering if you could elaborate on that please.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. Deb mentioned in ’13 the amortization that we had in some of the tail of the Games business. In fact if you look at our games business for example they grew across several of the categories we’ve talked you about historically, the one area that showed a significant decline was the tail of the Games business where we aren’t putting the effort in. We don’t believe those are the brands that lead us into the future and so we took some charges there. So it’s those kinds of decisions that we’re taking as we focus more on our Franchise brands, our Partner brands, our Challenger brands and our Game business that make up most of our revenues and where we see declines its really looking at those brands and making strategic decisions about discontinuing activity around those or in some instances strategically licensing out brands like Tonka where we’ve licensed out that brand at this point and obviously that has an impact year-on-year in our revenues in the Preschool category loosing those revenues, but we’re getting the royalty income from licensing.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Actually that brings me to a question on Games. Could you give us some good full year color? In the quarter if you x-out Magic, did Games grow?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. We look at in the quarter, yes in fact Games grew.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, it grew.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. We -- if you take Games, yes. If you take out Magic and you look at the rest of the Games business it grew.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then Brian with the Hasbro inventories that you have, can you just talk a little further about the quality of those and how you plan to work through those, through the year?
Brian D. Goldner: The inventory at retail in the U.S is down 12.5% in the U.S and down as well where we saw some challenges in our business inventory is really up around the emerging markets and other markets where we saw growth, so we feel like our inventory position is very well covered and well positioned great quality inventory as we go into the year with a number of big initiatives that has been working toward the end of the fourth quarter and going in to the first and second quarters this year. Obviously we also begin in the first quarter this year start to set the table for a lot of new entertainment initiatives. So we feel like our inventories are in a very good position and in line with in fact inventories are down slightly more than the sales decline we saw in the U.S business in the fourth quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. All right. So just to rephrase that the inventory that’s on your books, some of it is just positioning you for your new initiatives and the other stuff that there is more attributable to the emerging markets?
Brian D. Goldner: Correct. Everything that we have in inventory -- in fact inventories as you know in our -- on our books are up a bit year-on-year and that’s really focused if you look at where those pockets of inventory are, its all around areas of significant growth for us in the past year, particularly lines up really well if you look at the increases we saw. Most inventory increases were in Latin America where we saw the biggest growth. Next would be in Europe, particularly in emerging markets like Russia, the next in Asia. So it lines up pretty well around the world with inventories being down in the U.S.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steph Wissink with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Brian, just a follow-up question on your comments regarding the (technical difficulty) that Disney has to the Marvel and the Lucas properties. I’m just curious, if you could talk about how they’re thinking about the properties in non-movie years? Is there an evergreen nature versus what you’ve seen previously with those studios independently? And then Deb, just a follow-up question for you on Europe, I think you mentioned some stability there. If you could just talk about some of the key markets where you have been seeing some pressure that maybe are starting to stabilize that would be great? Thank you.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. What we’re seeing overall around the Disney brands, Marvel and Lucasfilm, particularly if we look last year well Marvel wasn't up overall. Marvel brands were up in Latin America and in Asia-Pacific and that as a lot to do with the fact that we’re expanding the footprint for brands like Marvel as we go out around the world and some of the innovations that we’re putting into those brands like the Titan Hero series, enable us to get out through the emerging market consumer in a more a significant way and we feel that, that really is expanding the footprint of the Marvel business. As we get into late 2014 around the launch of the Star Wars TV series and then into late 2015 as we get into the launch of the Star Wars movie, obviously we would expect that Star Wars would follow a similar pattern. Obviously the strength of the brand combined with the strength and scope and scale of the Walt Disney Company.
Deborah M. Thomas: And Steph with respect to Europe we did see a 3% growth in Europe over the period within our international segment. And we saw some mix results in the market, markets that had been down previously like Spain are now turning around with that and some of the more established markets have that slower growth like the U.K. and France or no growth that you might expect for some of those markets. But our emerging markets continue to grow well, in particular Russia and we also had good growth in Poland over the period. I know Brian specifically call those out. But as we see that revenue growth, we are also seeing an expanding operating profit margin in those European emerging markets.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray: Thank you both. Best of luck.
Brian D. Goldner: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean McGowan with Needham Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Good morning. A couple of questions, I think relatively quick, could you talk about what it was in Preschool that resulted in decline in the quarter, considering I would think Hugs, Big Hugs Elmo would have been a really nice contributor. Second, is the pace of growth at Magic slowing and if so, is it still like double-digit? And finally, can you just talk about the currency impact that you saw on revenue in both quarter and the year?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So Sean, good morning. To start with Preschool business, if you look at the Preschool business and I know I don’t like exceptions, but in this case we did make the decision to license out the Tonka business. And that does have an impact in the quarter on the Preschool business. Several of our brands, grew within Preschool and overall for the year we’re up 1% and that did have an impact. If you look at the overall Preschool business, and you look at Play-Doh and Playskool Heroes really driving that, particularly, the Transformers Rescue Bots and Sesame Street up a bit. Again, it does have a lot to do with the fact that Tonka year-on-year moves from revenues to royalties.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: I would think something like Elmo is vastly larger than Tonka, is that right?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, again if you look at Sesame Street we had a good year in Sesame Street in 2012. So again the comps on Sesame Street per se, while it was -- I will tell you it was up. It was up against a good year in 2012 as well.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay.
Brian D. Goldner: If you talk about Magic: The Gathering it was up double-digits in the year in fact up more than 20% in the year-end, but we’ve all talked about the fact over several years, the fact that Magic doesn’t operate like a lot of the rest of the toy or the game business that in fact it flows more about product releases and tends to be more flat across quarters in terms of revenues. And that has a lot to do with the way the brands storytelling goes and the way that the content is unveiled and new card releases are handled as well as the way that we’re seeing consumption, digital consumption and digital game playing online.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay, thanks. And the currency?
Deborah M. Thomas: And with respect to currency, in the quarter we had a $2 million -- approximately $2 million impact and about $3.7 million on the full-year positive impact on FX, both were less than 1%, but within that it was mixed. So for the quarter we had a positive impact from FX in Europe, but a negative impact from Asia-Pac and Latin America and that was pretty much married to the year as well. So not a big impact, but mixed in the regions.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. I guess that’s why it wasn’t really called out that big business it just wasn’t big?
Deborah M. Thomas: Yes.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you guys talk about how you're thinking about the cadence of advertising spend in the year ahead as traffic at brick and mortar has slowed?
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. We continue to target between 10% and 11% A to S or advertising to sales ratio globally. You see more of that in some of the markets that are growing more quickly, also you will see more spending around new initiatives as we launch those, as we look at some of our entertainment brands, we do believe that content and we have seen the content film, TV all screen content does drive the marketing for those brands. So our pure advertising may be adjusted a bit to reflect that, because again we think all those things contribute to marketing those brands. And then as we move more to digital marketing and social media marketing and some of the other elements of marketing that old pure comparison of dollars to dollars become less and less relevant over time, because the out-of-pocket cost for a lot of social media or digital efforts is very different than the impact particularly around niche audiences, demographics and psychographics can be very impactful. So again, I target 10% to 11% A to S overall and then you’d see lots of variability depending on the market, the brands we are launching and the amount of content and entertainment around those brands.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And then I think you guys have a piece of debt coming due later this year. Are you planning on refinancing that or undetermined yet?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, as we said earlier Jamie, we really first and foremost remain committed to maintaining our investment grade status. That being said and framing the context of it, given where interest rate sit today it’s currently our expectation that we would refinance all -- part if not all of that debt.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thank you. Deb, just a quick clarification on the restructuring savings kind of the housekeeping items here. You’re saying that you had $50 million gross in ’13; you expect the full $100 million by ’15. You had commented previously in some presentations that on a net basis the total by ’15 would be $55 million. Can you just give us any update on that or is that still intact? I guess this is the first kind of housekeeping question. And then more broadly just a little more color, if you could on royalties. You talked about the $125 million for advance royalty payments to Disney. Can you talk about where those minimum payments are collectively Disney and everyone together for ’14, ’15?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, First Tim -- Tim we remain fully on track to the net cost savings we talked about and we will talk more about that on Friday.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay.
Deborah M. Thomas: A bit more color on that on Friday and with respect to the guarantees repaid, some reviews I will remind you in 2012 we were in a position that we were actually paying currently. So we’ve just guaranteed amount we expect to pay anyway. So you would have seen an accrued liability as accrued royalties last year, certainly to Disney and Marvel and Lucas as well. So while we’ve prepaid we do expect to earn those out over the period and there was a portion in our prepaid current assets and we’ve got a bit in long-term asset, since we have until 2020 to earn those out.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then lastly the $19.7 million that you called out related to some product portions there. What line item was that reflected in?
Deborah M. Thomas: That was reflected in amortization of the intangibles.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup. Please go ahead with your question.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc.: Great. Thank you. First just you mentioned shoppers buying more online, the fewer shopping days and just shopping closer to the holidays is having an impact on sales, Mattel mentioned those factors. Did that -- do you think that led to a shift in share between manufacturers or do you think that sales were just a little bit lower this year than they otherwise would have been because of those factors?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, clearly we're seeing the consumer shopping on a number of different platforms. It’s not just shopping online, it’s actually shopping mobily and we will talk more about those dynamics on Friday. We think it's an important element of our business and we are putting our best in class online opportunities for shoppers to understand our products, to work with our retailers and in fact if you look at POS just for our top four accounts where we have POS data for online. We were up more than 20% in POS, in online. So obviously fairly significant growth there and more with some online retailers than others, but if you look at all the retailers taken together, you're seeing that shift and we’re creating those digital assets to enable us to take advantage of that change in the purchasing patterns.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc.: Okay. And then when you look at the Boys segment you faced obviously tough comparisons from a movie line up. What would your growth have been if you exclude movie related products? Just because 2014 you’re actually going to -- you're going to have a nice benefit from movies.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, what we’ve said on our -- in our prepared remarks were that our two Franchise brands had grown in the year, Transformers and Nerf had grown. And if you look at the fact that Transformers, our Boys business grew in every region around the world, Nerf grew in core Boys not just with the end with the addition of Nerf Rebelle. And brand like Iron Man performed well in the year, but overall we cited the two brands that contributed to the decline in Boys were Beyblade, which had more to do with TV support and the cycle around that brand and then the Marvel business. Although I did mention that Marvel has grown in Latin America and Asia. So again, that has a lot to do with the fact that historically movies have even more of an impact on the North American business and secondarily on our European business and we certainly that in 2013.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Brian D. Goldner: I want to just -- one clarifying point to Felicia’s earlier comment, I just want to make sure we’re clear. I just went back and looked at some of the numbers, we’re down in the fourth quarter in Games very slightly, if you exclude WOTC and entertainment and licensing and that has to do with the decline we saw in the tail of the Games business that we talked about in the call. The other categories of games in Wizards of the Coast, Monopoly, our games mega brands, digital gaming and our action battling games were all up in the quarter and in the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Kelter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes you -- first off, I know you don’t like to get into the numbers on individual brands, but could you give us a directional idea of how much Beyblades was down, so we can get an idea of underlying trends?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, what I tell you is, it was the largest decline in the year. And it’s the large -- obviously the largest decline therefore in our Boys business.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe another way to say it is, typical you’ve talked about a typical non-movie year decline, a year to decline after movie have been around 50%. Is it in that ballpark or above or below, maybe that would be a good way to refer to?
Brian D. Goldner: It was above.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then Wizards, which the growth rate was maybe a little bit less in the fourth quarter, which you mentioned was related to the timing of product releases. When is the next significant product release for Wizards and then can you also talk about your future plans for movie on that brand?
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. So I just want to be clear on the Wizards piece. Wizards does tend to be more flattish across quarters. The revenue does come in more flattish and you’re right it does have to do with different releases. We will walk you through some more of that on Friday as we update and show you that -- some of the new ideas that we have for Wizards and how we're handling that business in 2014, we will get into some of those specifics there. But suffice it to say that, that’s why you see that it’s more flattish throughout the year and flatter in the fourth quarter. But remember it was up more than 20%, 23% in the year for 2013.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And do you have the plans for a movie?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. It’s we just begun those efforts. We are very excited in working with Simon Kinberg and the folks at Fox in developing a movie around Magic: The Gathering. There is a lot of storytelling across the magic mythology, much like Transformers for many, many years. And we’re excited about that, its going to be a few years off; we have to make sure we get a great script with great characters and great story first and foremost.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And maybe one last one, you talked about -- I don’t know a year-ago reducing some trade support to retailers by quite a bit of money so you could reinvest that into consumer facing ad spend, and I’m hoping you could reconcile that strategy with the numbers, because ad spend for the year was down 6% this year and the absolute dollar amount spend was the lowest in many years and I understand your comment earlier about social media and digital, but whether it’s spent on digital or TV, why are you reducing the ad investment in the brand so much?
Brian D. Goldner: In fact it has a lot to do with spending more around our franchise brands and eliminating spending around some of the tertiary brands of the Company, first and foremost. So if you actually were to look at spending across Franchise, Partners and Games brands in the categories we talked about accepting the Games, tails of the Games business, you would actually see for the most part increases, particularly around a lot of the new initiatives whether it’s Nerf Rebelle, My Little Pony, Transformers, and you saw growth there. Six of the seven Franchise Brands grew, our Games business grew. So that’s all about increased advertising spending. And then secondarily, we’re seeing great impact from moving to digital marketing. So the out-of-pocket costs may go down. In fact, we may be spending 2x in that area, but the out-of-pocket cost is different, because we are going after niche audiences and again, that does have an impact on what the absolute out-of-pocket looks like. But yet, the impact of that is very significant. And then the final piece, recognize that we’re investing in programming and programming has an impact as marketing. We talked about the fact that $400 million worth of TV related merchandise was sold globally this past year and so we’re keeping a very clear track on the fact that our TV strategy and all screen strategy, in fact executed globally is having an impact, a very strong impact on marketing and selling those products around the world. Again, the last piece is, as we go forward, I’d expect on average 10% to 11% of advertising to sales spent. That’s a good range and I think that’s what you should look at as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Swartz with SunTrust Robinson. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Brian D. Goldner: Good morning.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Just wanted to touch on gross margin, I know you don’t necessarily like to look at this on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but could you just give us a sense for some of the puts and takes in the quarter; why it was down about 160 basis points?
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, as we mentioned in earlier on the call, we did have some impacts from promotional activity at retail. We talked a lot about how the consumer was coming later into retail, and we incurred more promotional activity in the fourth quarter. So you see a bit of an impact on that on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Also we have an impact from Entertainment and Licensing, where at last year we talked about our streaming revenue, that revenue has a very high gross margin. So when it’s down quarter-on-quarter, it has more of an impact. So that’s really what you are seeing. On a full year basis, our gross margin was consistent with the prior year, if you exclude the severance charges.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. That’s perfect. And then, the -- just some of the -- maybe some more color on emerging markets and understanding you think you can get margins to a more corporate average longer term, I mean, how do you look at that in terms of timing? And then just maybe discuss the scalability of those businesses and where that stands right now?
Brian D. Goldner: Over the last number of years, we began opening markets around the world in 2008, so from that time forward to today, we’ve grown those businesses to $575 million and you see now that we are at operating profit north of 10%. And we do believe, we can continue to scale those businesses at double-digit growth. We talked about the double-digit growth in revenues and we are growing operating profit faster than revenues in those years and we will approach the Company average operating profit. I imagine a year in -- the not so distant future where emerging markets could represent $1 billion worth of Hasbro’s revenues and we will talk more about that on Friday as we continue to see those markets grow, and those economies still are robust for Hasbro for the Toy and Game business. And for the branded play strategy that we're seeing come to life in those markets where we’ve our content on the air, digital gaming, licensed relationships across consumer products and great retail relationships.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And in terms of just the $1 billion in revenue, a couple of years out, I mean, is that really the level where you would start to see the emerging markets margins kind of dovetail, I guess into the greater corporate EBIT margins?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, you saw -- while revenues grew 25%, operating profit grew 40% in the year. So you’re seeing a faster pace on operating profit as we get by the initial cost of starting up those markets new personnel, we have hundreds of new people in those markets although our overall headcount is down a bit. So we’re really applying what we’ve said, which is to invest in markets where we are going to get the fastest growth. And I would imagine that operating profit margin should approach the Company average operating profit margin over the next few years, we will call it kind of medium term and we won’t specify a specific year, but again we continue to see great improvements and growth in those markets and we're executing that brand blueprint very effectively. Our teams there are doing a fantastic job.
Michael Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Eric Handler of MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Just want to focus on Transformers for a second, and in your emerging markets how big of a brand was that when the last movie came out versus where it is now? And should we assume that this is where your biggest incremental revenue contribution is going to be for the film?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think what you’re going to see overall, obviously the film performed well globally over the last three films doing $3 billion at the box office and we performed well globally over the last three films in the movie years doing about $1.6 billion in sales over the three films in those movie years. So what we’re -- what we expect is that we should perform well in developed economies. I mentioned earlier that the movies in particular have a bigger impact in North America, in Europe. Those sales of those products North America still is more impacted by movie product than even TV product, on average over time. But having said that, we’ve a bigger global footprint today than we’ve had before, we’ve more markets open and performing better around the world than we ever have. Transformers is one of our most global brands with a bit more than 50% of revenues coming from outside the U.S. Very strong performance in Asia. It’s a brand that has a great history in markets like China, and a great adult collector base in those markets. So you’ve got multi-generational appeal of the brand and obviously movies do a lot to foster the interest both among kids and collectors globally. So I think that portends good things for us in 2014 and hopefully, you saw the Super Bowl commercial over this past week or so, because it starts to talk about what I’ve said, which is that we’ve all kinds of new characters, we’ve great new human story and new Transformers characters that are straight from the mythology that we will be executing, we will see in the film and then executing across products and categories at retail.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Robin. Thank you to everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management’s prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. We look forward to seeing many of you on Friday at our Toy Fair event. If you can’t join us in person, the webcast of the event will begin at 8.00 a.m. on our Investor website and the replay will be available several hours after the live webcast concludes. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Stephanie S. Wissink - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ivan Holman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial results and discuss important factors impacting our performance. Following their prepared remarks, Brian and Deb will be happy to take your questions. Before we begin, please note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs and cost savings initiatives; financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. With that said, now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In the third quarter, we grew revenues, operating profit and earnings per share. Year-to-date, revenues are flat, but we've grown our operating profit and earnings per share, excluding charges. We are entering the critical fourth quarter with innovative products, a full array of immersive brand experiences and comprehensive marketing programs with our retail partners and for our consumers globally. We have developed the capabilities and are executing our branded play blueprint to create shareholder value and to deliver growth and shareholder returns over the long term. Our focus on innovation is driving our brands. Many of our new initiatives are performing well. Nerf Rebelle, My Little Pony Equestria Girls, TELEPODS, Furby and Big Hugs Elmo are all off to a great start. In total, our franchise brands grew 19% in the third quarter, with gains in My Little Pony, Magic: The Gathering, Nerf, Transformers and Play-Doh. Geographically, our emerging markets continue to post double-digit revenue growth, increasing 22% in the quarter, with very strong gains in many countries, including Russia, Brazil and China. Over the past several years, we've made significant investments in our global infrastructure. And Hasbro is delivering above-average growth in the emerging markets. In addition, revenues grew in several developed markets, including France, Spain, Italy, Germany and Mexico. In total, Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific all posted revenue gains in the third quarter. Our U.S. and Canada segment revenues were down in the quarter, given the continued difficult comparisons with 2012 revenues for the Boys category, which included 2 very strong Marvel Entertainment initiatives, the Avengers and The Amazing Spider-Man, and higher sales of Beyblade. Consistent with this trend, year-to-date POS was down overall in the U.S., driven by challenging Boys comparisons. But POS grew in the Girls, Games and Preschool categories. Our top line revenue performance in the quarter were achieved against a backdrop of uncertainty among consumers and retailers in developed economies, which we expect to continue into the fourth quarter. Retailers remain focused on tighter inventory management. Over the past 2 years, we've made significant improvements in our execution and inventory management in the U.S. And Hasbro inventory at our top 4 U.S. retailers declined in the quarter. This improved discipline, coupled with strong alignment with our retailers, is helping us to better manage our business in the important holiday season. The U.S. team has done great work in developing and implementing a new strategic direction for our U.S. business. Backed by the innovation in our brands across categories and the entertainment coming in future years, we believe the U.S. is poised for future growth. On a category basis overall for Hasbro, the Boys category declined in the quarter, given the difficult comparisons I mentioned earlier. However, new innovations in key franchise and partners' brands delivered growth in both Transformers and Star Wars products in the quarter. Moving to Girls. Our brand initiatives continue to drive positive momentum in the third quarter, delivering Girls category revenue growth of 29%. The global rollout of Furby, continued growth in My Little Pony and the successful launch of My Little Pony Equestria Girls, Nerf Rebelle and growth in Easy-Bake, all contributed to the category's fifth consecutive quarter of growth. Built from in-depth global consumer insights, immersive content and innovation, we are successfully expanding our Girls brands globally. My Little Pony Equestria Girls was developed from the core values and insights behind the global success of My Little Pony. We launched this entertainment in theaters in the U.S. And it is now available across all screens globally, with strong viewership. My Little Pony Equestria Girls products launched in major markets in August and have been selling extremely well, with additional markets still to launch. Also extending a growth streak, the Games category posted its fourth straight quarter of revenue growth and increased 6% in the quarter. Magic: The Gathering again delivered strong gains year-over-year. And several other gaming initiatives, including Jenga, Elefun & Friends and the launch of the all-new TELEPODS gaming platform, featuring Angry Birds Star Wars, positively contributed to the third quarter's 6% increase. Additionally, Monopoly and Monopoly Empire continued to sell well. Monopoly revenues were flat in the quarter but have grown year-to-date. The third quarter was also the first quarter of contribution from Backflip Studios, in which we acquired a 70% ownership position in July of this year. Backflip provided a small contribution to the Games category revenues in the quarter and was slightly dilutive to Hasbro's overall earnings for the third quarter. The studio has a number of new game launches slated for the fourth quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014. Given the anticipated timing of revenues and the associated product development costs, we anticipate Backflip to be neutral to our financials for the full year 2013. Within Preschool, revenues declined slightly in the quarter but grew across the brand initiatives where we are focusing our greatest efforts. Play-Doh revenues were up in the quarter, as were Transformers Rescue Bots within the Playskool Heroes line. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, Big Hugs Elmo is off to a strong start. And we're very pleased with the early consumer reaction to this highly interactive and engaging Elmo. This great play experience has Big Hugs Elmo on nearly every hot toy list for the holidays. Growth in these brands partially offset lower revenues in other Preschool initiatives, where we are creating new business models to develop and profitably grow our brands. For example, we made the decision to license the Tonka brand to a partner, who can develop the products and positively support the brand over the long term. Our Tonka revenue is now higher-margin royalty revenue, but on a year-over-year basis is lower dollars. I spoke earlier about the difficult entertainment comparisons within Boys. As we look ahead, the next several years have unprecedented levels of entertainment from Hasbro and our partners' brands, both in film and in television. In 2014, Transformers: Age of Extinction is slated for release on June 27. Marvel has several films planned for 2014, including Captain America: The Winter Soldier, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and an all-new franchise, Guardians of the Galaxy. In addition, Lucasfilm is unveiling all-new Star Wars Rebels television programming in 2014. In 2015, Star Wars: Episode VII is scheduled for release, as is Marvel's The Avengers: Age of Ultron. From Hasbro, we continue to believe Stretch Armstrong is a tremendous property, and we are developing the brand for television and film in future years. Additionally, the third G.I. Joe film is being developed with Paramount and Director John Chu. In Television, our global programming through Hasbro Studios, in combination with our partners' global television efforts, is reaching viewers around the world and establishing great characters and stories for brand development. Since inception, Hasbro Studios has green-lit more than 900 half-hours of original production behind Hasbro brands, including My Little Pony, Transformers and Littlest Pet Shop. As evidenced by the success of My Little Pony Equestria Girls in theaters, on television, via home entertainment and streaming platforms, activating our content across all screens is a critical component to our content strategy. Our goal is to maximize the engagement between our branded entertainment initiatives and our audience wherever they are consuming content. In the U.S., the Hub Network continues to deliver year-to-year growth, most recently posting its eighth consecutive quarter of ratings growth in Total Day, while remaining the most co-viewed children's cable network in percentage terms. In closing, we continue to execute our branded play strategy across our brand blueprint globally. We are doing so with a heightened focus on our greatest opportunities, while leveraging the global resources in which we have invested to drive profitable growth across toys and games, licensing, digital gaming and immersive entertainment. We have finished 3 quarters of the year, and the critical fourth quarter is just getting started. We have tremendous new innovation and brands in the marketplace this holiday season, supported by integrated retail and promotional campaigns globally. Our teams are focused on superior execution and consumer engagement to deliver a successful holiday season in what continues to be a challenging economic environment in many developed economies. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas: Good morning, everyone. Through the first 3 quarters of the year, we continued to drive our business globally across the brand blueprint while improving profitability, maintaining a strong balance sheet and strategically deploying cash both into our business and returning it to shareholders. In the third quarter, revenues grew 2%, led by continued strong growth in our emerging markets and overall growth in the International segment. Excluding charges, operating profit increased 4% in the quarter and year-to-date. Our balance sheet is strong, and we continue to generate healthy cash flow. And we have taken and continue to take cost out of our business as our cost savings initiative and savings targets remain on track to deliver $100 million in savings by 2015. In the quarter, we recorded additional charges of $4.1 million, or $0.03 per share, associated with our cost savings initiatives. Pretax restructuring charges in the quarter were $3 million and partial pension settlement charges were $1.1 million. Our expectation for gross savings in 2013 continues to be $45 million to $48 million, with associated expected net savings of $13 million to $15 million for the full year prior to pension charges. The following review excludes pension and restructuring charges. A full breakdown of these charges by segment and by line item on the income statement was included in today's earnings release and slide presentation. Looking at our segment results for the quarter. The U.S. and Canada segment revenues and operating profit both declined 5%. Revenues in the Girls category increased and the Games category was flat, partially offsetting declines in the Boys and Preschool category revenues in the segment. As Brian discussed, the Boys category was the biggest factor driving year-over-year revenue declines. Additionally, inventory levels at our top 4 retailers were also down in the U.S., as retail partners continue to focus on tightly managing inventory. The U.S. and Canada segment reported a 5% decline in operating profit but a slight increase in operating profit margin to 20% versus 19.9% last year. On a year-to-date basis, revenues in the segment are down 3% but operating profit has increased 6% to 16.6% of revenues from 15.4% in 2012. The margin improvement is primarily due to the favorable mix of revenues, including continued growth in Magic: The Gathering, which we are also investing in for the long-term growth of the business. In the International segment, revenues increased 11% in the quarter. Foreign exchange had a favorable $5 million, or 1%, impact on the quarter. Emerging markets continued to post double-digit growth, increasing 22% in the quarter and all 3 International regions were up, with Europe growing 9%, Latin America increasing 14% and Asia-Pacific up 17%. Internationally, the Girls, Games and Preschool categories posted year-over-year revenue growth. International segment operating profit margin increased to 18.1% compared to 16.3% in 2012. As we discussed last quarter, overheads in this segment are generally incurred ratably throughout the year, and we gain leverage in the expense on the higher revenue base later in the year. This expense leverage is the primary driver of the year-over-year gains. The Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues also grew in the quarter, increasing 13% behind growth in the entertainment revenues, as well as the addition of Backflip to the segment this quarter. Operating profit in the Entertainment and Licensing segment declined, primarily from the addition of Backflip expenses to the segment. Additionally, program production amortization increased in the third quarter of 2013 versus last year, given the mix of programs delivered in the quarter. Looking at our overall expenses. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue declined in the quarter, benefiting primarily from product mix and, to a lesser extent, lower cost and improve efficiencies at our manufacturing facilities. Additionally, royalties declined on lower revenue from entertainment-based properties. While we've begun to achieve some of our cost savings, we do have other factors which impacted our expense levels. Product development grew year-over-year in dollars and as a percentage of revenues. First, the addition of Backflip added to product development expenses in the quarter. Second, as we shared with you in September, we're making incremental investments in our Magic: The Gathering brand. Finally, we wrote off early film development expenses associated with films which have not yet moved to production. As Brian mentioned, we continue to develop several film properties. Intangible amortization also increased slightly in the quarter due to Backflip. In the third quarter, there was an incremental $1.6 million of expense. And based on our preliminary valuation, we anticipate this amortization to be $6 million to $7 million in the fourth quarter. We are in the final stages of the valuation process, but we anticipate amortizing approximately $35 million to $40 million over a 4-year time period based on the related revenues. Finally, SD&A increased in the quarter, consistent with the factors we outlined previously, including higher compensation expense, higher depreciation and investments we're making in our Magic: The Gathering brand. Turning to our quarterly results below operating profit for the third quarter. Total nonoperating expense decreased slightly from 2012. For the third quarter 2013, our 50% share in the Hub Network was a loss of $91,000 compared to a loss of $1.8 million a year ago. As we stated last quarter, we expect the contribution from the Hub Network in 2013 to be similar to 2012. And the Hub Network has a plan to achieve pretax profitability in 2014. In the quarter, we recorded a favorable tax adjustment of $23.6 million, or $0.18 per share, related to the settlement of a tax exam. Excluding this adjustment, our underlying tax rate for the third quarter 2013 was 26.5% compared to an underlying tax rate of 26.6% in the third quarter of 2012 and 27% for the full year 2012. We expect our underlying tax rate for the full year 2013 to be approximately 26.5% to 27%. For the quarter, average diluted shares were 131.8 million shares, compared to 132.5 million shares last year. Diluted earnings per share, absent charges in the favorable tax adjustment, were $1.31 versus $1.24 in 2012. Hasbro also continues to generate strong cash flow. Operating cash flow was $47.3 million in the quarter and $438.5 million for the trailing 12 months. This includes $165 million in prepaid royalties to Disney over the trailing 12-month period. At quarter end, cash totaled $588.7 million versus $696.7 million in 2012. During the third quarter, we paid $112 million for our investment in Backflip Studios. We remain committed to strategically investing in our business and returning excess cash to our shareholders through our dividend and buyback programs. Our next quarterly dividend payment of $0.40 per share is scheduled for November 15. During the third quarter 2013, we repurchased approximately 644,000 shares of common stock at a total cost of $30 million and an average price of $46.62 per share. At quarter end, the company had repurchased a total of 1.93 million shares of common stock year-to-date. In August, our Board of Directors authorized the company to repurchase an additional $500 million of our common stock. $542 million remained available in the current share repurchase authorizations at quarter end. Receivables at quarter end increased 2% in line with the growth in revenues, and DSOs were flat with last year at 80 days. Inventories declined $16.3 million versus last year, driven by declines in the U.S. and Canada segment. This was partially offset by inventory increases in emerging markets, supporting the growing business in those regions. As we mentioned earlier, our inventory at U.S. retail is down in the quarter. And overall at retail and at Hasbro, inventory is of good quality. With the critical fourth quarter under way, Hasbro is well positioned with innovative brand initiatives, compelling global marketing campaigns, disciplined execution and a strong financial position. Brian and I would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Stephanie Wissink of Piper Jaffray.
Stephanie S. Wissink - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Deb, a question for you. Just step back and talk a little bit about the margin structure of the business as we look out into 2014, given that you have a heavier slate of partner brands. Could you just help us understand the dynamics between the gross and operating margins?
Deborah M. Thomas: Certainly. As we stated in the past, Steph, we get a higher gross margin, which we define as just net sales plus cost of sales as we look at it, when we're in a heavily entertainment-driven year. With that, we also have a slightly higher royalty expense. All that being said, we said earlier this year, we expect to have margins this year similar to last year and the gross margin standpoint. So net with the higher royalty expense next year and a higher gross margin next year, we expect to have operating profit margins in similar ranges.
Brian D. Goldner: In addition, Stephanie, if you look at the long term over '14, '15, beyond, obviously as we grow our Entertainment and Licensing business, that's categories at our company that have high gross margins and high operating profit margin. And of course, as we continue to grow our International business, and particularly our emerging market business, where we've made investments, as we drive more revenues in those areas, we're able to spread the cost over far more revenue and driving up the operating profit over time.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you guys talk a little bit more about the Games category and how you feel you've been making progress and where you sort of think that could go over the next year or 2?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we are adding a lot of new initiatives to Games. We're very happy with several of the new initiatives that have launched in the second and third quarter this year and continue to launch in the fourth quarter. As you know, Games are back-half and certainly fourth-quarter oriented. The early launch of TELEPODS in that platform is quite strong and we feel very good about the continued focus on Monopoly. We have great, new innovation across a number of consumer categories, including our Girls, Games business. We've also done and made some great strides in innovating around price points and ensuring that we have classic games out at great price points that allow for very strong consumption around the holiday periods as well. And of course, we're also getting great growth from Magic: The Gathering and continue to invest in the online component. We've talked about marrying up the digital and analog experiences across brands. You're seeing that in Magic, you're seeing that in TELEPODS and you're also seeing it across brands as classic as Monopoly and others, where you're getting both the online, smartphone, mobile opportunities to game, as well as playing face-to-face on a board game or off the board games. So I think our team is really focused on looking at innovation across all the different play spaces. And we feel very good about our long-term prospects in the game business.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can you just comment on Latin America? I know your competitor was a little bit -- had a little bit slower growth than you guys had there. Was there something in particular that you saw was really moving down there or resonating with consumers?
Brian D. Goldner: Our team down there is doing a tremendous job, both across South America, as well as in Mexico. We're seeing good gains in POS, where we have the data. We're seeing good gains in our own proprietary data around sell-in and sell-through. Our brands are resonating down there, lots of innovative promotion. We also have our programming on the air throughout the region in several markets, My Little Pony, Transformers Rescue Bots and Transformers Prime. So we are delivering the full blueprint to those regions and the results are speaking for themselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. On the POS, Brian, you're alluding to it here. But any additional color that you can give in the International markets? I know, again, the data is not the best, like you have in Western Europe and North America, but any additional colors by geography? And then, Brian or Deb, whoever wants to comment on it, your channel inventories are down in the U.S., you said, and especially at your big 4 retailers. Can you give us a little bit of direction of how much your POS was down and are your channel inventories a little bit more or less in line with that?
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. So let me start with some of the markets around the world. We're seeing very strong growth, as you know, 22% growth in emerging markets. That includes very strong growth at that trend or above in places like Russia, as well as in China and Brazil. We're seeing very good growth in France, in Germany, Iberia, Norway, Italy, a number of European territories, as well as in Turkey. So we're getting very good growth in a number of places. And obviously, our brands are taking hold in the third and the fourth quarter as we get into the holidays. As we look at POS really, Tim, it's a focus on the decline in Boys. We're seeing increases in Games, Girls and Preschool year-to-date. And again, I think that where we have that data, we're particularly focused on giving you data from the U.S., where we have that data. Our inventories in the U.S. are down mid-teens overall in the U.S. Inventory has grown in concert with growth that you're seeing in revenues. So our inventories have lined up very well around the world, more inventory in Latin America and Asia-Pacific to support the growth in those businesses, more inventory in Russia and Brazil and China versus year ago, again, to support the growth in those businesses. And the U.S. business, appropriately, inventories are down. We have a really good quality of inventory, with lots of our new initiatives shipping late in the third quarter and into this fourth quarter.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So Brian, you said inventories in the U.S. are down 15% collectively?
Brian D. Goldner: Just mid-teens.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And your comment on your POS there?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. The comment on the POS is if you look at year-to-date Games, Girls and Preschool, POS is up. Boys is down, and that's really what's driving our overall POS decline.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Swartz of SunTrust.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to touch on gross margin. That came in much better than I think many had anticipated. And I just kind of wanted to walk through that. What were the major drivers? Could you maybe give us some more qualitative commentary around that?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, certainly. As we mentioned, we have our -- we had planned to have gross margins similar to last year. We talked about at the end of 2012, we expected to be able to maintain gross margins certainly at the level that they were at. So what you're seeing is actually a balance of pricing that was taken on carryover goods offsetting any increase in costs that we've incurred on those carryover goods, sufficient pricing on our new product, as well as getting the efficiencies of changing our U.S. business structure to give less incentive to retailers to take goods early and putting that more on the marketing and advertising line to our consumers. But you're also seeing efficiencies coming from our manufacturing business. So as we started our cost savings initiative, we said we'd start to realize some of the benefits this year, but we wouldn't realize 100% of our $100 million cost savings until 2015. But we're starting to see some of those manufacturing efficiencies come through in line. And you're starting to see some of the increased benefit of the growth in our Magic: The Gathering business, which is a higher-margin business as well.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Great. I guess, just of the -- to maybe put it in easy terms, in the 200 basis point expansion year-over-year, I mean, was half of it kind of mix and the rest was kind of efficiencies in pricing? Is that the way to look at it? Or is there any way you can...
Deborah M. Thomas: I would say, I mean, certainly less of it is pricing, more of it is mix. And to a lesser extent, you're starting to see the efficiencies come through.
Brian D. Goldner: As we continue to pare back the number of SKUs but focusing on the SKU that matter the most, the franchise brands being up very strong in the teens, more of our business coming from our top 10 and top 15 brands, albeit with lots of new innovation and lots of SKUs and R&D around those brands, it allows us to focus in but also to reduce SKUs overall by focusing less on those tertiary SKUs we used to and therefore, getting efficiencies in development as well as manufacturing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean McGowan with Needham.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions related to product, if I can. In Preschool, I think with Elmo so strong, I was a little surprised to see that not doing better. And you did flag the Tonka outsourcing. Is there anything else that's declining in Preschool that would account for that?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Actually, Sean, it's a good question. If you were to take out the Tonka decline or the transfer of Tonka from being our brand with revenues to royalty income, Preschool would have been up in the quarter.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Up. That's very helpful. Okay.
Brian D. Goldner: So I think that, that's a very simple way to look at it. And that's particularly focused, as you look at Preschool business, has continued to perform well globally. Obviously, Tonka is a little more oriented towards the U.S. historically and, therefore, has a bit more impact on the U.S. and Canada segment than our overall business.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And when did Funrise take over the bigger Tonka stuff? Is that just lately?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, it's a deal that was memorialized, I want to say, maybe around a year ago. But obviously, it takes several quarters to transition. And I think you're seeing this quarter really the first major impact as you get into the holidays between royalty income versus revenue.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And how much was Magic up in the quarter year-over-year? You've been talking -- well, the last several quarters, you've talked about it being up over 20% or 25%.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. It's up 30%.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Over 30%, okay. And what's driving -- can you be more specific on what's driving that Entertainment and Licensing revenue in the quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: You're getting -- you continue to get, obviously, licensing income. You're getting payments for entertainment as we place those shows around the world. We have a bit of a contribution from Backflip in that category this quarter for the first time. Obviously, the cost of Backflip is a bit dilutive to the operating return, which you see is why in part the operating profit in that category declined in the quarter. But overall, we are -- long-term trend there is to grow Entertainment and Licensing through all the different income streams that we have there, which include licensing income, digital gaming income, Backflip and then television, and as well as our film participation.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And remind us -- a couple of housekeeping kind of things. Remind us, is that Backflip going to stay in the E&L category and for the foreseeable future? I mean, it's games, but...
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, it will. It will be counted in Entertainment and Licensing.
Deborah M. Thomas: It will be in the Entertainment and Licensing segment. But you're correct, Sean, that the revenue will be in the Games category.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Right, okay. And then just to clarify, you did say that Transformers and Star Wars revenue were up in the quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Transformers was up very nicely in the quarter, obviously very focused on our business around television support. And the initiatives around TV have really done what we said they would do, which is to drive our business. And we also have a great Generations product that serves our collector audience. But we are seeing the impact of TV and TV support globally content streamed for not only Transformers but also for, of course, My Little Pony and My Little Pony Equestria Girls. So again, really working for us. And then in Star Wars, that has mostly to do with some really innovative products the team put together that -- particularly something like the Black Series, which I don't know if you've seen or are familiar with, but really serving our collector fan base. And they've responded very strongly to those products.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Brian, a couple of questions on Magic: The Gathering. Can you remind us what the retail strategy is here? Give us an update. We're starting to see more product at the majors. And remind us again what the seasonal nature of Magic is. I think you mentioned earlier that Games are very heavy in the fourth quarter. Is the same true for Magic?
Brian D. Goldner: No. So let's start with the quarter. Magic is much more release-driven, so it's much more like immersive games in other categories. If the team has introduced a new release, meaning a new array of cards around a new theme and additional characters or spells, that really is what drives the brand. The brand tends to be more flat by quarter. Obviously, based on the success of a new release, the team is just launching a release called Theros, and obviously off to a very good start relative to Ravnica, which was a year ago. And that's the kind of thing that drives that business much more so than seasonality. As the brand expands, you will see more of the brand at mass retail, but still the vast preponderance of the brand is still where we don't count POS and we don't have NPD data because, again, the hobby shop -- census of hobby shops and hobby shop playing has increased as well during this period. So effectively, we're still roughly 80% of the business, not counted within any of our data, albeit on an expanding pie.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, very helpful. And, Brian, just want to go back to -- Tim asked a question on point-of-sale. And I think you suggested that Games, Girls and Preschool were up year-to-date; Boys, down year-to-date. Is the same true in the quarter? And are you willing to quantify what that was in the quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So Girls and Preschool were up in the quarter. Games was flat, actually up very slightly in the quarter. And Girls and Preschool were up. Boys was down consistent with year-to-date. And again, I think what we're seeing is that's for Games, particularly non-Magic games, we know that they're more fourth-quarter loaded. And we can see the early takeaway for our new Games initiatives. We also had a new launch of Monopoly that happened a bit earlier, with Monopoly Empire happening earlier on. So again, I think for Games in terms of POS, it's a matter of that typical timing where you have new initiatives shipping in and POS that's in arrears. But overall, what we're seeing is very heartening in our Games, Girls and Preschool business.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. One last question. Deb, can you remind us what was paid in the third quarter in terms of royalties and what remains in 2013 as far as what you're paying to Disney?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we've paid all that we're going to pay so far this year. And let me just pull that number out, Drew, and let you know what that one is.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Is the $25 million payment to the Hub, does that flow in the fourth quarter? Or has that already been paid?
Deborah M. Thomas: That payment is scheduled in November.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay.
Deborah M. Thomas: So over the trailing 12 months, we've paid $165 million to Disney. But that does include some of the payments that were scheduled for the -- under the older contract existing for the release of Iron Man and Wolverine.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When you talk to your retail customers across the globe, are there other differences in terms of how they're approaching the holiday so far in terms of the U.S. versus International?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think the approach the retailers are taking the holiday has everything to do with consumer perceptions of the market, consumer incomes, disposable income, economic growth. And of course, the introduction of a lot of our new brands and new initiatives to markets also has a bearing. So I would say consumer sentiment is somewhat in line with our results in that obviously in emerging markets, the emergence of the middle class, people enjoying brands, people enjoying brands now across multiple platforms and the fact that Hasbro is delivering our brand across all our different platforms consistent with the blueprint strategy is really working for us. And then by region, we're seeing enthusiasm in Latin America, in major areas of Europe, particularly in Russia and Turkey and Eastern Europe, as well as in Asia-Pacific. The 2 toughest areas around the world, I would say, from a consumer sentiment standpoint, continue to be Australia and the U.S. And we have worked through that with great, new innovative product. That's why we're seeing great growth in several of our categories and great consumer takeaway and enthusiasm for several of our categories. But we have also recognized that we are operating in a more challenging environment and particularly in those 2 areas.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So do you think inventory levels being down mid-teens is being appropriately positioned into the holiday in the U.S.? Or do you think that you're a little bit on the lower side? And if you are, is your -- would you like to go into next year with a much lower inventory level, which will help your gross margins? You need to discount less, promotions less than in first half of 2014 and it helps your sell-in as well?
Brian D. Goldner: If you look at the U.S. business, this has really been a long-term strategy that we've activated. And I won't go back through every detail. But we all know that we've -- and the team has adopted a great new strategy that was about more just-in-time inventory, reducing overall inventory levels, following those brands that were selling the best, working with our retail partners to get more promotion and more impact at retail for the brands that matter the most. And we're seeing that being born out in inventory levels declining on average over time. We feel very strongly that we have the right inventory now going into the market in the third and fourth quarter. We have a lot of new initiatives that have begun to ship that we've highlighted but also some additional new games that come into the fourth quarter. So we feel very good that we have the opportunity to have a great holiday season, recognizing that the backdrop is a more challenging consumer environment. But Hasbro will get more than its fair share of the holiday season because we have the innovation, the content and the strategy that is resonating with consumers.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Kelter with Goldman Sachs.
Ivan Holman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Ivan sitting in for Michael. I was hoping that given solid results in Girls internationally, you could give us a little bit of color on the order of magnitude that came from Furby.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, Furby is one of the drivers of the increase in our business year-on-year as is My Little Pony, the Pony business itself, call it, the core Pony business. The introduction of My Little Pony Equestria Girls is obviously contributing to our business. Easy-Bake has seen very strong gains year-on-year with the new Easy-Bake Oven, as well as the black and silver Easy-Bake Oven for everyone. So we're seeing great growth and strength across our Girls business across a number of known and new initiatives. And certainly, that's all been helpful. The other major launch there has been, of course, in the Nerf Rebelle line has been very, very positive and off to a very strong start. So, that all -- those all contributed to the quarter's result.
Ivan Holman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And with regards to Wizards, it seems that the growth continues at a strong clip, 30% plus. But can you give us a little bit of color around visibility going into 2014? What are the drivers here that specifically could help maintain that momentum into the year?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, a couple of things that we've done throughout this year, and we've talked about it, we continue to invest, to build the capability of Magic Online. And that's really about allowing for more simultaneous play experiences. As you know, we allow -- give players the opportunity to play a great distance from one another and play in that virtual online space. We want to be able to host more gaming sessions. And that's what the team is working on, to expand the ability to host more simultaneous gaming sessions. That allows for people who have been more latent or lapsed users to get back into the brand. And then, of course, the team is also working on the analog business globally, which allows for lots of play sessions face-to-face in people's hometowns around the world, at hobby shops, tournaments that allow people to play more competitively. So there's an array of really hands-on, as well as virtual experiences, that we're developing for that brand. In many ways, Magic was the early indication for us how we're going to execute our Games business going forward and allowing people to play Magic in any form or format they want anytime and anywhere. And we're really delivering that. So I think as you go into '14, the ability to expand the simultaneous gaming sessions plus the continuation of great gaming releases and other elements within the blueprint are all beneficial to that brand over time. And we've seen that brand more than double in size over the last few years. And we feel the team still has great growth in its sights.
Ivan Holman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then maybe, Deb, one quick question on the cost side of things. It looks like SG&A is still running in a high-single-digit type of number despite all the cost cutting and the layoffs earlier in the year. We understand that the targets are $100 million, which, I guess, in 2015, may be closer to $50 million on a net basis. But given these investments, is there maybe potential for a year where SG&A would be flat or down? Or should we continue to expect it to grow at this pace?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, as we said, we always expected to have some level of inflation within those numbers. And what you're seeing we tried to point out in September that you're getting -- you're seeing compensation expense increase in that line item, as well as depreciation. You've got the acquisition of Backflip, so those expenses are going to go in as a dollar amount now. And our cost savings are also spread throughout the P&L in cost of sales, product development, in advertising area, as well as SD&A. So while we expect to and are still on target to hit our $100 million of cost savings by 2015, they're not all going to come in that line item and you do just have some offsetting expenses in that line item as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Hessler of Bank of America.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Question was on the balance sheet. I think you guys, you have a note that's maturing in early 2014. On the last earnings call, you indicated that you were looking at your plans for that. Do have any updated plans for that? Just given the interest rate environment, do you think you'll come to market sooner rather than later to refinance that?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, our expectation, we said on our last earnings call and at our Investor Day, and I'll say again, and you're right, given the current environment, our expectation is that we'll refinance all -- most, if not all of that. So we are getting closer to that date as we speak.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And as you think about refinancing that, are you looking at shorter-term debt or longer-term? How should we be thinking about the tenor of that refinancing?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, I think it's really a mix as we look at our long-term capital deployment plans, what best fits into that plan.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Brian, just to understand a little bit more about the successes that you're seeing internationally. I know that there's not POS data for a lot of the International regions. But for the ones that you do have it in, can you give us some color there?
Brian D. Goldner: So we've seen, again, great POS gains where we have it, in the 3 categories where we've seen growth. And I've indicated, obviously, the Boys business, POS has been down. Boys' POS is really not down as far internationally as it had been domestically. And again, the 2 biggest brands driving the Boys comps lower year-on-year have been 2 initiatives within Marvel and Beyblade. Beyblade has had more of an impact and does have more of an impact year-over-year on the International markets. Marvel has had more of an impact year-over-year in the North American business, U.S. and Canada segment, just owing to its historical strengths and the fact that the International markets had some additional strength in Marvel more recently. And again, we are seeing very good growth within Boys in things like Transformers and in Star Wars, and then across Girls, Games and Preschool.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just to kind of move to the next question. You had said in an earlier question -- I mean, you gave us -- you've given us several times the data, and you just gave it again, the point of sales in Girls, Games and Preschool. And you said that, I think, in -- you were seeing early takeaways from Games even though the POS is in arrears to the ship-in. Is that the same as Girls and Preschool?
Brian D. Goldner: Exactly, same. You have new initiatives. And a good example, Equestria Girls is shipping into the -- in time for the fourth quarter. Obviously, you're not capturing all the current POS data. We're not reporting that because it's outside of the quarter. But obviously, it was early days in the third quarter but more significant in the fourth quarter for the ship-in versus the POS, as one example of many of those new initiatives. But we're trying to give you some indication that the early days of those shipping -- of those products shipping in, the takeaways is very good.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and actually, that was a great segue because my next question was on Equestria Girls, believe it or not. And you said that it seems the retail takeaway there, the early retail takeaway is positive. Can you talk a little bit about maybe what your My Little Pony shelf space looks like and if you think you're kind of winning some share from other competing areas?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think as you look overall at retail, what we're really seeing is that our retail shelf space is expanding behind several categories for the company, both in in-aisle as well as out of aisle and promotional space. So for Girls in Furby, Nerf Rebelle, My Little Pony, in Preschool with Play-Doh and Transformers Rescue Bots, obviously across Sesame Street and across Games, I think our shelf space has expanded very commensurate with the new initiatives that we partnered with retailers to present to consumers. That's true globally in combination with licensed products for several of those brands, where we have great content and licensees providing products in several categories. And they're doing that around the world as well. And as you would imagine, Boys year-on-year is down.
Operator: Our final question is coming from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: First, on program production amortization, you've talked about it briefly. But can you give us a more detailed explanation on why it's going up? And is there something -- is this something we should expect going forward?
Deborah M. Thomas: Gerrick, no, it really has to do with what were the programs that were delivered in the quarter. As we said in the past when we deliver certain types of programming, it makes the amortization a bit higher. And we just happen to deliver more, in particular, game shows this quarter. And that's what was really driving it. Overall, we still expect our full year program production amortization to be kind of in line with the cash that we spend on a full year basis, that like $50 million to $60 million.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And one more question. On the brand outsource or out-licensing program, Tonka and Tinkertoy and stuff like that, can you just tell us what brands are outsourced or licensed now that weren't last year? Because it does have a lot of impact on all different metrics, like sales, gross margin, inventory, et cetera.
Brian D. Goldner: I think that both Lincoln Logs and Tinkertoys were outsourced last year, as well as this year. The one new brand that's outsourced as of this year, and particularly hits in the third and fourth quarter of this year as compared to a year ago, is Tonka. So I don't think that there's a -- is an exhaustive list. I think go-forward, we may have 1 or 2 other brands that we've identified, but they've not yet impacted our revenues. But it's not an exhaustive list but a focused, strategic list, where we think we have the right partners.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. And maybe one more. Magic, one concern out there is the natural cycle of toys, what goes back, comes down. But Magic is played by a different person, a different player, slightly older. Are there differences in how that cyclicality is in toys and games for an older player as compared to a younger one? Do you have studies on that? How long do you think we could see a growth trend in Magic perpetuating itself?
Brian D. Goldner: Look, I think our team at Wizards of the Coast has done a very good job of continuing to bring great, new innovation, characters and, frankly, great storytelling to that brand. And they've done that across multiple different platforms. I think they're spending a lot of time listening to the player, listening to that audience. You're right, it is not a brand that's really in the toy space. It's a brand that is played by an older audience. And I think the team has really reflected that in their thought process of why we've invested in our online capabilities for more simultaneous play sessions globally. And the effort that we're making around the world to bring Magic: The Gathering face-to-face games to consumers in many areas is really just beginning. And so I think that it's more about the storytelling, the game play, the richness of the immersive content, which is emblematic of our overall blueprint strategy. And they've led the charge for the last couple of years. And you now see the rest of the Games business catching up to what they began.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you to everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Stephanie S. Wissink - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial results and discuss important factors impacting our performance. Following their prepared remarks, Brian and Deb will be happy to field your questions. Before we begin, please note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs and cost savings initiatives; financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We are driving our global brand building efforts across our Brand Blueprint through toy and game innovation, digital media, licensing and entertainment to deliver long-term profitable growth for Hasbro and our shareholders. While we're up against challenging comparisons in the Boys arena this year, we have seen growth in our other categories and believe that these efforts position Hasbro to successfully execute our strategy and leverage our brands and our strategic investments in both the near term and in the years to come. Our second quarter performance reflected the difficult comparisons in the Boys category while at the same time, highlighted areas of growth and opportunity for Hasbro. Second quarter revenues of $766 million declined 6%, while year-to-date revenues declined 2%. Second quarter operating profit excluding charges declined 11%, reflecting the lower level of revenues in the quarter. However, year-to-date operating profit was up 3% absent charges. We are focusing on our most important initiatives while rightsizing our cost base and organization. This focus is having positive results. 5 of our 7 franchise brands grew, and 3 of our 4 product categories were up, both in the second quarter and year to date. We have extraordinary people doing outstanding brand building globally around these high-priority initiatives. Geographically, our emerging market investments continue to pay off. In the second quarter, these markets grew 24% behind Games in many countries, including Russia, China and Brazil. Supported by our investment in innovation and a focus on our top initiatives, revenues in our Girls and Games categories grew 43% and 19%, respectively, this quarter. Preschool revenues gained 4% in the quarter. Content is clearly driving our brands. Our investment in Hasbro Studios is powering our franchise brands, including My Little Pony, Transformers and Transformers Rescue Bots and most recently, Littlest Pet Shop. Our partner brands, Marvel, Star Wars and Sesame Street, are also leveraging global entertainment to build franchises now and into the future. Supporting future growth in games and the convergence of digital and analog play, we invested in our mobile gaming innovation portfolio with the recent acquisition of 70% of Backflip Studios. With established brands including DragonVale and Paper Toss, Backflip has a track record of sustained performance, including profitability, strong development capabilities and games which address an end consumer similar to that of Hasbro brands. We are really excited to begin working with Julian Farrior, Dale Thoms and the great team in Boulder and look forward to developing great games on their brands and Hasbro brands. Additionally, we also recently signed a new multi-year agreement with EA that focuses on 8 core Hasbro game brands for mobile gaming. Both of these steps ensure consumers can experience our brands anytime and anywhere. Importantly, over the next several years, we are headed into a period of significant boys entertainment. We are developing comprehensive and innovative lines behind both film and television, including Transformers 4 in 2014 and several Disney entertainment initiatives for Marvel and Star Wars in 2014, 2015 and beyond. For the 2013 holiday season, we are well positioned with new initiatives across product categories and geographies. Retailers have shared their excitement with us for Hasbro's holiday offerings, and we continue to partner closely to manage inventory and ensure the right amount of product is at retail at the right time. At the end of the second quarter, inventory at our top 4 U.S. retailers was of good quality and down versus last year. As I mentioned, revenue in 3 of our 4 product categories, Girls, Games and Preschool, grew in the second quarter, marking 3 straight quarters of growth for both Girls and Games. Innovative and immersive brand experiences contribute to the continued strong growth in My Little Pony, Magic: The Gathering and Play-Doh, as well as in a number of other brands, including Furby, Twister, Jenga and Transformers Rescue Bots. For the holidays, we are launching major new initiatives in each of these categories to continue their momentum. While I can't touch on all of the initiatives across our brands, we hope you will join us in Providence on September 10 for our Investor Day, where we will talk in more detail about our brand initiatives. Today, I will highlight a few important fall initiatives and launches, which should help continue the momentum in these categories. For Girls, Nerf Rebelle will be on shelf in the third quarter. We have been cultivating the Nerf Rebelle brand for more than 2 years and have talked to thousands of girls about what they would expect from a sports action line. Retailers and girls alike are excited about this all new offering. Additionally for Girls, we continue to leverage the globally popular My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic television program with new products launching in markets around the world. We are also building on the momentum of My Little Pony with the launch of My Little Pony Equestria Girls, a new full length feature film introducing a whole new dimension into the world of My Little Pony. The film launched at the LA Film Festival on June 16. It then rolled out to over 250 theaters in the U.S. and Canada. Based on positive audience reaction, screen vision added more showings. In mid-August, the My Little Pony Equestria Girls movie is planned to roll out in over 20 different countries and will be available on DVD. Additionally, it will air on the Hub Network on September 1. Products supporting the film will be on shelf beginning in August and is highlighted by a line of fashion dolls based on the characters in the film. Also for Girls, following a tremendous launch in 2012, Furby is rolling out in 12 languages and across all regions globally in 2013. This fall, we are unveiling Furby Boom in English-speaking markets. Featuring all the magic and personality of its predecessor plus twice the content, the new Furby Boom creature combines physical and digital play. Within Preschool, we have several new launches for our franchise and partner brands, including Big Hugs Elmo and Sesame Street, innovative new technology in Transformers Rescue Bots Beam Box and new playsets featuring our all-new PLAY-DOH PLUS compound. Our Games launches will showcase new innovation and gameplay this fall. Monopoly Empire, Twister Dance Rave, Bop It! Tetris and a new Preschool game, Cheeky Monkey, as well as the launch of our value game initiative, which offers classic games at lower price points, are all delivering on compelling on and off the board gameplay. Moving to Boys, as I mentioned, the category had difficult comparisons with 2012, which included 2 very strong Marvel Entertainment initiatives, the Avengers and The Amazing Spider-Man, and higher sales of Beyblade. As we look ahead to the next several years, we are developing and supporting significant Boys entertainment in both television and film distributed across all screens based on Hasbro and partner brands. In 2014, the fourth film in the Transformers franchise is scheduled to be in theaters, and for future years, we continue to develop new Hasbro brands, including Stretch Armstrong and Micronauts with our studio partners. Marvel has several films planned for 2014, including Captain America: The Winter Soldier, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and an all-new franchise, Guardians of The Galaxy. And in 2015, the second Avengers film is anticipated. Importantly, Lucasfilm is unveiling all-new Star Wars television programming in 2014 and has scheduled the release of Star Wars: Episode VII in 2015. In the near term, for the 2013 holiday season, we have new Boys initiatives inspired by our extensive global consumer research, including Transformers Construct-Bots and all-new Kre-O initiative, Kre-O CityVille Invasion, featuring our new sonic motion technology and new NERF Elite products, including the NERF "N-Strike" Elite Mega series. Over the past several years, we've invested in developing Hasbro brands holistically across consumer groups, geographies and immersive experiences. Our efforts are enabling us to build a more robust and diverse portfolio around our brands. Instrumental in accomplishing this has been the development of all elements of our Brand Blueprint, employing game innovation, digital media, lifestyle licensing and immersive entertainment experience. Innovation and new technology development is central to this strategy and increasingly, the integration of digital and analog play is an essential element of these efforts. Furby, Magic: The Gathering and even Monopoly are effectively delivering against the promise of integrated play. Last week, we elevated our efforts in this space with the unveiling of TELEPODS, an all-new mobile gaming platform. TELEPODS uses innovative new technology to allow kids to play in 2 ways: in the physical space and through full and unprecedented integration into top tier mobile apps. The TELEPODS play experience will first be available in a line released this August based on and fully integrated into the highly anticipated new game app Angry Birds Star Wars II from Rovio Entertainment and Lucasfilm. We are very excited by the potential of this platform in the mobile space, and we'll expand the TELEPODS experience to other Hasbro categories and brands. We have also continued developing our Brand Blueprint by expanding our digital gaming capabilities through a majority investment in Backflip Studios. The addition of in-house digital gaming capabilities allows us to more fully participate in the value being created by our brands digitally. Our expectation is that the addition of Backflip will be neutral to slightly accretive to our financial results in 2013. We also continue to have tremendous partnerships in the broader digital gaming space with EA, Activision, Gameloft, DeNA and others. Through the combination of in-house and partner resources, Hasbro brands are being developed across all gaming platform for markets around the world so that consumers can play our brands anytime and anywhere. Moving to immersive entertainment experiences within our Brand Blueprint, our television strategy is enabling us to reach audiences across all screens globally. Hasbro Studios has received 7 Daytime Emmy Awards for its programming, which can be experienced in over 170 markets around the world on television, on all major digital platforms and on DVD. Recent developments include Transformers Prime now airing on national television in China after an almost 30-year absence. And we have begun to roll out our Littlest Pet Shop internationally, where it is now airing in the U.S., Canada U.K. and France, with distribution planned in all regions by year end. My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, Transformers Prime Beast Hunters, Rescue Bots and Pound Puppies remain highly rated shows globally. Another element of our global television strategy is our joint ownership of the Hub Network in the U.S., which continues to make significant year-to-year strides with kids and adults. The second quarter represented the seventh consecutive quarter of growth among its key demographics. In June, the Hub network received 7 Daytime Emmy Awards, tying for the most awards among kids network. The Hub Network is well positioned for success with distribution now in over 72 million homes, quality award-winning programming and a recent decision to further connect its advertising efforts with the reach and expertise of Discovery Communications. The network now has a plan to achieve pretax profitability in 2014. When you combine our Hasbro branded entertainment with that of our partners for both television and film, we have a tremendous entertainment slate planned for several years to come. In closing, while we are slightly more than halfway through the calendar year, most of our selling year is still to come. We are entering the important second half of the year and holiday season in a good position with new innovation across categories, which is supported by global integrated marketing campaigns and a strong presence and partnership with our retailers. Over the longer term, we remain strategically committed to executing against our Brand Blueprint as we work to unlock the full potential of our brands globally and drive the long-term profitable growth of Hasbro. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas: Good morning, everyone. While our investments and innovation are reflected in the second quarter growth of our Girls, Games and Preschool categories, this growth was not sufficient to offset the difficult comparison in the Boys category that Brian spoke to. We are, however, in a strong financial position and have innovative brand initiatives across categories and geographies as we enter the important second half of the year. We remain focused on profitably growing our business over the longer time through the successful execution of our Brand Blueprint. This focus is evident in our performance so far this year. Specifically, operating profit is up 3% year to date, excluding restructuring charges, despite a 2% decline in revenues over the same period. Our cost savings initiative and savings targets remain on track. Our cash flow and balance sheet are strong. We generated $632 million of operating cash flow over the past 12 months, and we ended the quarter with more cash and lower inventories than a year ago. And we continue to strategically invest in our business. Early in the third quarter, we acquired a majority interest in the successful, innovative and profitable Backflip Studios, thereby expanding our capabilities and participation in digital gaming, one of the key elements of our global Brand Blueprint. In both the U.S. and Canada and International segments, the Games, Girls and Preschool categories grew in the quarter. Globally, this growth was 43%, 19% and 4%, respectively. This growth, however, did not offset the decline in Boys revenues, globally or in either segment. Additionally, in the second quarter of last year, we entered into a multi-year streaming distribution deal for Hasbro Studios television programming. As we said at that time, this revenue and related operating profit will continue to be part of our programming sales mix, but it's lumpy and inconsistent by quarter. This made for difficult comparisons in the Entertainment and Licensing segment on both the top and bottom line in the second quarter. As a result of both items, second quarter revenues declined 6%, and operating profit, excluding $2.5 million of pretax partial pension settlement charges, declined 11%. The $2.5 million of pretax partial pension settlement charges are associated with our restructuring activities. Consistent with the potential $10 million pension settlement charge we discussed in the first quarter, we may have up to an incremental $8 million in additional pension settlement charges in the remainder of the year. The ultimate amount depends solely on whether or not participants request a lump sum payout. We did not have any other restructuring charges in the second quarter but continue to expect full year charges of $30 million to $35 million. We recorded $28.9 million of those charges in the first quarter. Our full year savings target remains to generate growth savings in the range of $45 million to $48 million for the year and net savings of $13 million to $15 million for the full year before the pension charges. We continue to target $100 million of cost reductions by 2015. The following review of the quarter excludes pension and restructuring charges. A full breakdown of these charges by segment and by line item on the income statement was included in today's earnings release and slide presentation. Now looking at our segment results for the quarter. The U.S. and Canada segment net revenues decreased 4%. As I mentioned, growth in the Games, Girls and Preschool categories was more than offset by a decline in the Boys category. The U.S. and Canada segment reported a 3% decline in operating profit but an increase in operating profit margin to 15.2% from 15% last year. The margin improvement is primarily due to a favorable mix of revenues, including continued growth in Magic: The Gathering. In the International segment, revenues declined 6%. Foreign exchange had a favorable $1.2 million or 0.3% impact on the quarter. Emerging markets continue to post good gains, growing 24% in the quarter. However, economic conditions and difficult comparisons, particularly in the Boys category in developed economies, more than offset growth in emerging markets. As in the U.S. and Canada segment, the Games, Girls and Preschool categories all increased internationally but did not offset the decline in the Boys category. International segment operating profit margin declined to 4.3% in 2013 compared to 8.3% in 2012. The margin decline reflected the lower revenue level and the timing of certain expenses in the quarter. The margin impact of the revenue decline in the International segment is greater in the first half of the year as overheads are generally incurred ratably throughout the year, while the majority of segment revenues and profits occur in the second half of the year. The Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues declined 18%, primarily on lower television programming revenues as we anniversary the multiyear streaming agreement signed in the second quarter of 2012. As a result, operating profit in the segment declined 55% on the lower revenues. Looking at our overall expenses. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue increased in the quarter. This increase reflected lower sales of entertainment-based products such as Marvel and Beyblade, which generally carry a higher gross margin. This increase was more than offset by a decline in royalties in the quarter. Lower product development and advertising expense were partially offset by higher SG&A, which included higher compensation and depreciation. Excluding restructuring, SG&A is down slightly over the first 6 months from a year ago. Before I move on in the quarter view, I want to speak briefly about the impact of the acquisition of Backflip on our financials. As Brian mentioned, for 2013, we anticipated to be neutral to adding at most a few cents to EPS. Beginning in the third quarter, we'll be consolidating the results of Backflip into our P&L. From a segment standpoint, 100% of Backflip's revenue and expenses will be in the Entertainment and Licensing segment. In respect to product categories, we anticipate Backflip revenues will be classified in Games, similar to our other digital gaming revenues. On our P&L, there'll be an adjustment made after net income to reflect net income and earnings per share attributable to Hasbro, Inc. and net income attributable to the 30% noncontrolling interest share in Backflip. Overall, the impact to our individual expense line items is expected to be immaterial. However, intangible amortization will increase. We're performing a more thorough valuation with respect to intangibles and their amortization, and we'll be in a better position to discuss this impact prior to our third quarter earnings announcement. Turning back to our quarterly results. Below operating profit for the second quarter, total non-operating expense decreased $3.6 million. For the second quarter 2013, our 50% share in the Hub Network was a gain of $131,000 compared to a loss of $2.4 million a year ago. As we stated previously, we expect the contribution from the Hub Network in 2013 to be similar to 2012. And as Brian stated, the Hub Network has a plan to achieve pretax profitability in 2014. Our underlying tax rate for the second quarter 2013 was 27.4% compared to an underlying tax rate of 26.8% in the second quarter 2012 and 27% for the full year 2012. The slightly higher rate reflects the higher mix of profits from the U.S. and Canada segment. We expect our underlying rate for the full year 2013 to be approximately 26.5% to 27%. For the quarter, average diluted shares were 132 million compared to 132.1 million shares last year. Diluted earnings per share, absent pension charges, were $0.29 versus $0.33 in 2012. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. Our business continues to generate strong cash flows from operations. During the quarter, we generated $298.1 million of operating cash flow. For the trailing 12 months, operating cash flow was $632.2 million. At quarter end, cash totaled $1 billion, up $242.4 million from 2012. After strategic investments in our business, we've continued to return cash to our shareholders through our dividend and buyback programs. Our next dividend payment is scheduled for August 15. During the second quarter 2013, we repurchased approximately 771,000 shares of common stock at a total cost of $35.4 million and at an average price of $45.84 per share. At quarter end, the company had repurchased a total of 1.29 million shares of common stock year to date and $71.8 million remained available in the current share repurchase authorization. Early in the third quarter, we paid $112 million for the acquisition of 70% of Backflip Studios. This acquisition was funded through short-term borrowings. Receivables at quarter end were down 2% or $11 million, and DSOs were 75 days versus 72 days last year. The increase in DSO is primarily due to the growth in our markets with longer payment terms such as Brazil, as well as receivables arising from the placement of our television programming outside of the Hub Network. The quality of our receivables remained strong. Inventories declined $56.9 million versus last year. Inventories declined in the U.S., Canada and Europe but increased, albeit to a lesser extent, in emerging markets and at our Wizards of the Coast subsidiary, supporting growth in those businesses. Overall at Hasbro and at retail, our inventory remains of good quality. The focus of our team remains on delivering profitable long-term growth while driving innovation across our key brand initiatives and successfully executing our multiyear cost savings initiative. In the second half of 2013, we're supporting our innovative product offerings with the strong, integrated marketing campaigns globally while executing our global Brand Blueprint for long-term growth in the business. I would now like to turn the call back to Brian. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Deb. Before we open the call up to questions, I want to take a minute and highlight another announcement we made this morning. After years of successful partnership with Disney, Marvel and Lucasfilm, we are pleased to have expanded our relationship with Disney for these great brand franchises. Now through 2020, we have the rights to develop toys and games for both the Marvel and Star Wars franchises, including all television and film content during that period. We are very excited about entering the next stage of our relationship with Disney as we collaborate on amazing play experiences for kids and fans around the world. Now Deb and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Sean McGowan from Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick questions -- a couple of questions. One of them is very quick. Why is Backflip being accounted for in its payment and licensing and not like all the other games would be?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, it's part of our digital gaming business, and so it will align there.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just to match it up with the others?
Brian D. Goldner: That's right.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Can you comment -- I know you're not going to give us the rates, but can you comment on the extensions for Star Wars and Marvel, whether the royalty rates underlying these extensions are comparable to what's already in place?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, the royalty rates are comparable to what's already in place. And the deal, as an amendment, was structured very similarly the way we had done our deal more recently on the Marvel business. This expands our right and begins to align our advances and guarantees with additional entertainment that's now contemplated by the Walt Disney Company for both the Star Wars and Marvel brands.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Any comment, Brian, on point-of-sale movement for the Hasbro brands?
Brian D. Goldner: Year to date, we feel good about where we are, particularly growth in our Games and Girls business. Preschool is just below flat. The Boys business is really where the decline is in POS. That's true both domestically and internationally. And again, as we indicated, we're really cycling through some very big numbers in comparatives versus a year ago. And so as we go forward with the raft of entertainment that we have and our partners have the in the Boys arena plus the growth in the other 3 product categories, as well as 5 of our 7 franchise brands, we feel very comfortable with the current position we have.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: With regard to Boys, can you comment on the point-of-sale movement versus the sell-in year to date?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we look at Boys -- they're pretty similar. In terms of sell-in versus POS, very similar.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then final question, you've given us some help in recent quarters on the magnitude of the increase in Magic. Any help there at this time?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, the great news about our Games business is certainly that Magic has continued to grow at double digits. But the rest of our Games business, excluding Magic, has also grown at double digits. In fact, if you recall, those charts that we talked about back at our February Analyst Meeting, we're seeing growth across a lot of those components. In fact, mostly all through the quarter and year to date, all those different components are growing. And so again, I think the team is doing a great job of bringing innovation back to our business in the Games business, and that's true in the U.S., where we have a more technologically savvy consumer, as well as internationally.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Steph Wissink from Piper Jaffray.
Stephanie S. Wissink - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two really quick ones for us. The first, Deb, if you could just talk about the International business in particular, any signs of improvement or inspection [ph] in either Asia or Europe as you look into the back half. And then secondly, just looking at the Boys business, I think a follow-up to Sean's question, how should we think about the comparisons over the next 2 quarters? And is there any of the 2014 product that will actually fall into this 2013 year as you prepare for some of those movie events?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, for the second half, we have a number of new Boys initiatives that hit across a number of our brands, whether it's in Nerf with the Mega Elite, across the Marvel business with a number of new additions, in Transformers, a brand-new major segment called Construct-Bots. And we're seeing in Preschool -- in Preschool Boys with Transformers Rescue Bots. So we see both entertainment support in television in the fall, as well as a number of our innovative platforms launching. So we feel, again, like obviously second quarter was our most considerable comparison versus 2012. But it will remain a more challenging year as we go forward in 2014. Obviously, we line up strength on strength both Hasbro's Boys brands, as well as our partner brands, in '14, '15 and beyond. Again, if you look at the regions, you see that really that POS is comparable to the POS I just cited, with Boys really being the strongest negative comparison to a year ago. And we feel, again, good longer term about our Boys business given the best of entertainment, both television, as well as film, coming in the both near and long term. And we also feel good about the growth of our business in Girls and Games and Preschool. We're also seeing great growth in the emerging markets, up double digits, 24% in the emerging markets. And we are gaining share in markets like Brazil. If you look at our POS internationally, where we do get POS, we're up in about half the countries where we get POS in the second quarter. So we get POS data outside the U.S. in 6 countries. We're up in half of those.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Kelter from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about SD&A for the quarter, which came in at $195 million. It's essentially in line with each of the last 2 years second quarters. Why are we not seeing lower SD&A at this point given all the layoffs this past spring?
Deborah M. Thomas: Good morning, Michael. Well, I think as you look at, and we try to point out in the release, SD&A was impacted this quarter by the pension charge. So when you back that out in the second quarter, we -- is the time that we tend to incur any stock-based compensation expense because that's when it's granted by our board. So what you're really seeing, with your comparisons for the second quarter, is an increase in compensation expenses, as well as depreciation from our capital assets. Now they're not big numbers in their total, but they just happen to impact the second quarter. If you actually look at SD&A on a year-to-date basis and back out the restructuring charges year-on-year, you'll see that SD&A is down as a percent of revenue.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then maybe more broadly, when all of the changes are implemented in restructuring the organization, when you talk about $100 million of savings, how much of that is actually going to flow through to the bottom line versus being offset by investments? Meaning, what might SD&A look like in absolute dollars, let's say, 2 years from now when you've implemented everything and this all goes to plan?
Brian D. Goldner: So Michael, for the full year 2013, we've already identified nearly half of that $100 million run rate. And we've identified going into 2014 to '15 the additional savings that we would anticipate and are targeting by '15, $100 million in reduction. Deb, you want to talk about the underlying?
Deborah M. Thomas: Yes. And we've always said that there will be some element of inflation in the costs. But to say we will take out $100 million in savings, not all of it will be in SD&A. And we highlighted in February the line items that we expected it will come out from. But we remain on target for $100 million of cost savings by 2015.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then could you just, and a follow-up on the question earlier, make sure that we understand the renegotiated Marvel deal, what -- just maybe if you oversimplify it for us. Why did you have to give them another $225 million?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, that would be the maximum we would provide over the contract. And that has to do with the fact that Disney is, of course, lining up far more entertainment than what was originally contemplated as part of our relationship. And so as you've seen the Walt Disney Company gear up around Star Wars, begin to talk about the major entertainment initiatives and movies, as well as television, the Marvel extensions, which goes for another 2 years, and the additional entertainment that Marvel is now planning, all of those things line up well for us. And again, the way it gets paid is as those entertainment initiatives are launched -- and as those entertainment initiatives are launched, then we would have advances paid around each of those new movies. And again, the $225 million is a minimum payment based on the amount of entertainment that is anticipated.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then one last quick one. Any progress on unlocking any of your overseas cash?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we continue to look at the best ways for investing in the business. And as we pointed out, our investments in emerging markets have been paying off. We saw that with the growth this quarter again. So we believe that we're providing the most effective use of our cash, and we continue to look at the most cost-effective ways to use that cash to grow the business.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Swartz from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on the Boys business. I mean, is there anything fundamentally that you're seeing, hearing from retailers, just on maybe their appetite for this whole entertainment-driven phenomenon and then maybe getting away from that?
Brian D. Goldner: No. In fact, the Boys business and the Boys industry or category historically has been one of the most demand-elastic categories that exists in the toy industry. And so in fact, when you have entertainment and major initiatives in entertainment, be it television, online, all screens or theatrical, across all screens, in fact, you can drive significant business. It just so happens that in second quarter 2013 up against '12, we have 3 major Boys areas that are down versus a year ago, which makes for a challenging comparison. But again, if you think about the ability of entertainment to build brand affinity, to build retail purchases across the shopping basket and the fact that many of these entertainment initiatives come during the second and third quarters, so prior to holiday season, that's all very important to retailers globally. Then if you add to that the fact that one of the biggest areas of growth for the motion picture business are the emerging markets and the number of multiplexes that are being built there and the amount of consumers and audiences going to movies there, in fact, it portends good things for the Boys entertainment business globally, and it's certainly something that we look forward to both as we place our television and our partners place television, as well as movies around the world.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And am I right in saying that for last year, The Avengers franchise, was most of that shipping, in the second quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, most of our Boys brands, and I don't -- I won't speak specifically about Avengers, but in general, there's a significant proportion of shipping. And then as sell-through occurs, we continue to ship products through the third and fourth quarters of the year, and that -- because we also add new items and initiatives for the holiday season and new price points. So I would say proportionally, there's a proportion -- certainly a significant proportion that happens in the second quarter. But then you continue to ship products throughout the remainder of the year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gerrick Johnson from BMO Capital.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Emerging markets, can you tell us what that revenue base is?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, at the end of 2012, we said it was $461 million.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. And were there any gross savings in the quarter from restructuring and in the 6 months of the year?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we said that we remain on track for the full year for the gross savings of $45 million to $48 million. I don't think we've gone through and disclosed how much we have by quarter.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And on the minimum guarantees, what are the unamortized amounts you still have on the books for each of those properties, Marvel and Lucas?
Brian D. Goldner: 0.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: 0, okay. Does that include or exclude the $50 million that will be paid this month?
Deborah M. Thomas: That's correct.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, okay. And then on Games, can you give us a breakdown between trading card games, traditional board games and Boys Action Gaming?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, what I'll do -- because again, if you look across the business, Games, excluding the Wizards of the Coast, was up. Wizards of the Coast was up. And across the major segments of our business, we talked about Monopoly growing. Our gaming mega brands grew. Our core 20 grew. And so I'd say most of the major segments -- in fact, almost all of the major segments grew in the second quarter. And year to date, every major segment of our Games business has grown.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Well, maybe I have one easy one here. What are the expected release dates of some of the Hasbro-related movie events, Candy Land, Ouija, I haven't heard much on those, Stretch Armstrong and anything else that may be coming in the next couple of years?
Brian D. Goldner: They continue to be in development. We have scripts in the works, as well as directors in some cases attached. And we feel that over the next couple of years, we will have the opportunity to launch new Boys brands. Some of those will be launched in movies. Some of those will be launched via television. Some of those will be launched in new and innovative -- additional new and innovation ways and platforms -- across platforms. So our intention is to selectively and strategically launch new Boys properties over time. We're also equally happy about and looking forward to launching some of the new initiatives from some of our partners. We've seen the beginnings of Guardians of The Galaxy and very excited about what that portends for Marvel as a new brand for them.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So other than Transformers 4, which is next June, I guess, Stretch Armstrong, is that the only one we have a hard date for?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, we do. And the others are in development, and we continue to work with Bad Robot and Paramount on Micronauts, and we're working on a script right now. And the other projects are in sort of similar state. So that's just the nature of making movies. If you remember, we started -- well, you may not know this, but it took us almost 5 years to get the first Transformers into theaters from the time we began working on it, and that's just the nature of making sure you have great characters and great storytelling first and foremost.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Brian, on Beyblade, when do you see the declines anniversary-ing?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, the biggest -- recall, and this has to do with some of our results in the quarter relative to Europe versus the rest of the world, Beyblade was more developed in Europe as it was back the first time it was launched, and it was this time as well. We launched a brand-new initiative around Beyblade called BEYWARRIORs this fall, as all-new television. So we are exploiting some new television entertainment support and new innovation in the toy line that we didn't have the first time around. And we would believe that, that should mitigate some of the comparisons as we go forward into the third and fourth quarter. But Beyblade throughout this year will continue to be a comparative -- a negative comparative throughout the rest of the year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. You got to my second point. Just if you're seeing any traction from other spinoff? And how's BEYWHEELZ doing?
Brian D. Goldner: BEYWHEELZ has done well. And again, as it's launching, most of the new initiatives now for Beyblade do come in the third and fourth quarter. And the major initiative this year is this BEYWARRIOR's product lineup. We're very excited about that. It has all-new entertainment attached. And we're getting placement around the world for that programming with our partners, and the products look great.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Deb, on the gross margin side, they were lower than expected, but I'm assuming that was driven by probably the decline in Boys. But I would have thought that it would have been somewhat offset by the increase in Games & Puzzles. So I was just wondering if you could talk to us a little bit about what drove the gross margins lower year-over-year and relative to expectations?
Deborah M. Thomas: I think you actually hit it, Felicia. And what we're seeing is if we look at from a percentage of revenue standpoint, you typically get a higher -- lower cost of sales as a percent of revenue when you have a lot of entertainment, Boys entertainment property. So when you have the Marvel and Beyblade, it was a lower cost of sales percent of revenue but a higher royalty percent. So if you look at the 2 of those together, the decline in our royalties as a percent of revenue is actually greater than the increase in cost of sales as a percent of revenue.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then did I hear you say that SD&A was going to be up in the next 2 years?
Brian D. Goldner: No.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, okay. And then just, Brian, maybe you could discuss just a view of mobile gaming and the magnitude that could have on your P&L going forward as you're seeming to kind of get involved with more initiatives?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, clearly, as we've done extensive consumer insight work, and anybody who has a young person in their house can tell you, particularly in developed economies, kids are increasingly and rapidly gravitating toward mobile gaming. And so we really feel that we're lining up for -- to go after the engine of this train, and the engine is in mobile gaming and out-of-home gaming. So the combination of the 70% acquisition of Backflip Studios, our partnership with Backflip in executing games, and I'll tell you that Backflip has millions of monthly active users already playing their games, and so therefore, we see this is a great avenue not only for their current raft of games but the development of new games. Then the connection between mobile gaming and integrated play opportunities between our brands, we're doing this on Magic: The Gathering. We're doing this today on MONOPOLY. We're doing this today on Furby and other brands. You'll see as we go forward. Then the addition of new platforms like TELEPODS, which is an all-new mobile gaming platform, which has both an analog play element, as well as a mobile gaming play element. It's really break frame, and we're very pleased to hear the early responses from media, as well as from consumer research that we've done. And that will launch in August and roll out in line with some of the new apps that are coming out from our partners at Rovio and Lucasfilm. And then lastly but equally importantly, we have some great partnerships with mobile gaming companies, which we'll continue with EA. We are partnered on our 8 core brands around their initiatives. Then we have DeNA on certain brands and Gameloft on our My Little Pony and Littlest Pet Shop brands. So we really feel that the sweet spot for gaming, particularly for young people, is mobile gaming, and we see a great opportunity continue to build revenues and earnings around this, and of course, gross margins that are accretive to our underlying toy and game gross margins.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just 2 questions related to Boys. You mentioned that this quarter, you have tough compares. I think last year, sales for Boys in the second quarter was down about 15.5%. I think you had some pretty decent movies, so I do understand tough comparisons. But can you just kind of walk us through the components? And then as kind of a second question to that, and you may have mentioned it already, I may have missed it, but if you exclude movie-related toy sales from the second quarter of 2013 and in the second quarter of 2012, what would overall company sales have been versus the reported negative 6%? Would that difference have turned -- pushed you into the positive category or not?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, let me try to answer the second part of your question in a different way from the numbers that we have reported because again, that breakdown is something that we've not reported and probably not the right way to think about things. But clearly, if you look in the quarter, you see the growth in 3 of the other -- of our 4 product segments. And you see significant growth in Girls and double-digit growth in Games and then growth in our Preschool business. You also see growth of 5 of our 7 franchise brands. In fact, franchise brand growth was up double digits in the quarter and double-digit year to date. So what we've said as our objective is, in fact, happening. And the 2 brands that didn't grow in the quarter, Transformers was just down a bit and then Littlest Pet Shop, as you know, is in the process of a reinvention around entertainment that's rolling out throughout the year, particularly in the third and fourth quarter, an all-new innovation in the product line. So long term, our focus on franchise brands and growth there is particularly heartening. We're on track for our objectives in that area. If you look at Games, we go from strength to strength, and our teams have done a great job in bringing innovation back to the Games business across a number of different segments. In fact, as we said, year to date, all of the Gaming segments, as we've broken it out for you in our recent Analyst Meetings, are up. And we would continue to thrive in Gaming across those segments. And add to that our efforts in mobile gaming. I think you're seeing us really activate our Brand Blueprint around our franchise brands, around Gaming and Girls. And then there's Preschool. We've got a number of sweet spots there where we've really developed a unique positioning and added product innovation with Play-Doh this year with a whole new compound in Play-Doh Plus. Transformers Rescue Bots bringing character play to that younger consumer in a way that moms can really buy in has been quite fantastic for us, and we're seeing that roll out around the world. So again, it really comes down to comparisons versus year ago. There were 3 major initiatives a year ago that were driving our Boys business, Beyblade and then movie-related entertainment initiatives. And as we go forward, I think we've highlighted for you a superior level of entertainment that will come both from Hasbro brands, as well as partner brands, in 2013 fall and certainly into '14, '15 and beyond.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. I mean, I understand the movie-related properties are going to drive strength in 2014, '15. I think everyone knows that, and I'm just trying to understand your core business, if you excluded movie-related events, which can be very volatile year-to-year. In the quarter, would you have seen growth if you just -- if you excluded that or not? And I know you walked through some other things, but I didn't...
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I would reassure you that if you look at our core business, excluding Boys or the movie-related Boys brands, we would have been up.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Eric Handler from MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: A quick question on the mobile side. I thought it was interesting that the same week you made your investment in Backflip, you also renewed your contract with EA. And I'm just curious, what's going into your decision in terms of making with Backflip versus licensing out with EA. And I would imagine the cost benefit analysis of sort of taking in the license that you have from EA and why not just make those games on your own?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, if you think about it, it's much more of a long-term strategy that we have around gaming, particularly around mobile gaming. As we said to you a number of years ago, we wanted to build the expertise in-house, and we've now done that. Mark Blecher and his team have done a fantastic job in mobile gaming in embedding our teams with the best in the business across a number of partnerships, be it at EA and in mobile or Activision, DeNA, Gameloft and other companies, and really understanding the trends that are out there in the industry the way that the industry players understand the trends. As we began our conversation with Backflip, they have a tremendous management team and have built new brands within this industry and have millions of monthly active users. We really saw a joint opportunity to not only work on known Hasbro brands but introduce new brands together, using this mobile gaming to integrated play model. And so we had an original deal with EA that went out. It was a 6 plus 4-year deal. So this is the renewal for the 4 additional years. And we felt very good that EA would continue to handle those 8 core brands. That's really where their focus is, and that enables us to work on all the other brands of the company.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jaime Katz from MorningStar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you guys talk a little bit about developed markets overseas? You made it sound like they were pretty weak. Have you thought about marketing any differently to them? Or how are you positioning the brands, I guess, for the holiday season this year?
Brian D. Goldner: If you look at the markets, there's differences by market. I think within Europe, you have Eastern Europe, including Russia and Poland and other countries that are particularly strong. Clearly, if you look at France and U.K., a little bit weaker. And we would expect that as the economic environment changes, as well as we add our third and fourth quarter initiatives, we would see changes there. As I said, where we have POS data in the 6 international markets, we're up in 3 of those. That includes 2 European countries, where we're up in Germany and Spain. And so we're beginning to see the turnaround in Spain that we'd hope for and also plan for. We're seeing good strength in a number of markets in Latin America, with Brazil's growth and growth in market share, POS growth in Mexico. So again, I think that you have a couple of the Continental European markets there that are more challenging. Australia within Asia has been more challenging. The economic environment there has been more challenging. And again, as we get beyond some of these comparisons in Boys, the categories like Girls, Games and Preschool are up there, consistent with our overall results. So as we add new Boys initiatives in the third and fourth quarter this year and then longer term, new Boys entertainment in the form of TV and film, as well as online content, we expect that, along with the economic turnarounds in those economies, we should see better things.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then do you -- are you guys perceiving the commitment from retailers for the holiday season as better, worse, equal than last year? Or is it still kind of like the visibility is difficult to interpret because they're ordering closer to the holiday season?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we have executed our plan to bring in inventory closer to consumer demand. And you see that with our inventory being down and enables us to get new initiatives out and new inventories in the market in a timely fashion in time for the holidays. We're actually seeing great games in our Girls business with retailer support, with Furby, Nerf Rebelle, My Little Pony Equestria Girls, Play-Doh, FurReal Friends, Baby Alive. And in Preschool, we're seeing Games and also strong response from retailers. And Sesame Street as well, coming back, and it's been up -- it was up for the quarter and is coming back. In Games, we're seeing some increases there in terms of retailer commitments. So we have a pretty good sense of retailers and their commitments for the holidays. They've been very happy with a lot of the new innovation and initiatives we're bringing to the market. And we're bringing some new platforms to the market that are quite literally, forgive the pun, game changers, like TELEPODS with a whole new gaming platform that's around mobile gaming. And again, very excited retailers and partnerships that we're building globally.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Drew Crum from Stifel.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So Deb, you guys have $432 million of debt coming due within the next 12 months. Can you comment on your plans with that outstanding balance?
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, we're currently evaluating our alternatives for settling that debt. But I would say, given the current interest rate environment, we currently would anticipate that we'd refinance a portion, if not all of that. But as we move closer to the due date, our plans will firm up, and we will certainly let you know at that time.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And Brian, I didn't hear you talk about Littlest Pet Shop for the quarter. The ratings on the Hub has been quite strong. What is the timing on -- or do you have products in the market today that support that? Or can you talk about the timing of new initiatives for Littlest Pet Shop?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, in fact, I mentioned it in our prepared remarks and talked about it briefly. But let me sort of summarize. Littlest Pet Shop has performed very well on the Hub. It's among the most highly rated program in the Hub. It's also among the most highly rated program that we're having, and we are in about 4, 5 countries, beginning in English-speaking territories and rolling our way through the rest of the markets in third and fourth quarter. Brand-new innovative product line for this year as well, all new innovation for 2014. And the team is really getting some traction here, and I think we'll have an opportunity to show you in September some of the new product for holiday season. And then by next February, I think you'll really see what we've done and modeled on My Little Pony is what we would intend to do on Littlest Pet Shop, and that effort is beginning to roll out around the world.
Operator: Our final question today is coming from Tim Conder from Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of clarifications. Deb, on the royalties, were there any payments or advances or true-ups done in the second quarter related to the new Disney agreement?
Deborah M. Thomas: No, there was nothing done in the second quarter.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Because it was -- okay. And then just to clarify on the cost savings, the $100 million. You're saying you're going to be at that run rate entering '15 or that will occur -- or during the early part of '15?
Deborah M. Thomas: We said in '15. So hopefully, earlier in the year, but by the end of '15, we'll have identified for you $100 million of cost reductions.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then, Brian, just a follow-up on an earlier...
Brian D. Goldner: Tim, let me just clarify. So what we said is if you look at 2015, we're saying at that point. But just as this year, we've identified for you $48 million -- $45 million to $48 million worth of cost savings in 2013 and then a run rate towards $100 million. So by 2015, we're targeting $100 million.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. On -- as it relates to Hasbro-related additional properties and movies and that, are you maybe -- does it have to be on the big screen or could you run it through Hasbro Studios coupled with online vignettes and other types of things for some of the properties instead of maybe just shift tacked a little bit? Has there been any discussion internally about doing that?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, I appreciate the question because in fact, our brands, if you go online, our brands are everywhere online in terms of digital shorts. Once you're producing television episodes that are 20 minutes long, you're able to have -- any number of shorts and music videos and all kinds of online line entertainment, we're seeing kids enjoying that entertainment online. We've produced now -- on our way to producing 800 half hours of programming, so that gives us an inordinate amount of online content. In addition, it gives us the opportunity to stream our content in partnerships around the world. So no, we are not wedded to having to be in the movie business with additional properties. We look at movies as great, if we can get the right story, highlighting the right characters. You saw us with a new innovative approach, launching Equestria Girls this year, with a limited run of an animated film in about 300 theaters followed by Home Entertainment, followed by broadcast on the Hub and other broadcasters around the world, which will be followed by streaming. So that's a whole new innovative way to platform the launch of a property. So we really do adhere to the concept of an all-screen strategy and to the fact that brands can be invented in any form and format and then driven across all of the different elements, all the different touch points that are important to consumers and audiences to build brand affinity. And so we are agnostic about where we begin and where we end. We just have built the capabilities to create those experiences, including digital gaming, as an opportunity to create experiences around these brands and then to take that concept of integrated play and playing with our brands into entertainment and content. So I do appreciate the question, and certainly, we are not wedded to only being in the movie business.
Operator: I'd like to now turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following the call. I'd also like to mention that as Brian referenced in his call, we'll be hosting our Investor Day on September 10 in Providence. Registration details will be sent out this week, so we hope you can join us. Thank you, everyone, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. John Taylor Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter earnings release was issued this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call are also available on our site. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial results and discuss important factors impacting our performance. Following their prepared remarks, Brian and Deb will be happy to field your questions. Before we begin, please note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs and cost-savings initiatives; financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As we outlined earlier this year, we are executing our plan to drive long-term profitable growth across our Brand Blueprint globally. This plan includes heightening our focus around our core franchise and partner brands while aligning our resources and costs to streamline our business and eliminate $100 million of expenses by 2015. The first quarter of 2013 was a good start to the year and reflects the early results of these efforts. We grew our business in the quarter, increasing our overall revenues 2% and our underlying operating profit 47% absent restructuring charges. We made decisions to streamline our organization and to focus on growth around fewer brands. We are unlocking efficiencies and opportunity across Hasbro and for our brand portfolio globally. In the quarter, the U.S. and Canada segment posted 4% revenue growth and very strong growth in profits, with an increase of 124% absent charges. The U.S. business grew with reduced Hasbro and retail inventory that is of high quality, backed by solid pricing and execution. The new team is doing a tremendous job improving profitability and strong execution in partnership with our retailers. Inventories were down mid-teens at our top 4 U.S. retailers. Our International segment was flat but grew 1% absent a $3 million negative foreign exchange impact. The emerging markets posted strong double-digit gains, with many countries, including Brazil, China, Russia and Korea, up significantly in the quarter. Across regions, Latin America and Asia Pacific revenues both increased at double-digit rates. In Europe, the emerging markets, including Russia and eastern Europe, remain very strong. A few developed economies in Europe have difficult comparisons with both Beyblade and Star Wars last year, and the Boys category was down in the quarter. However, all other categories grew and many brands, including Marvel, Nerf, Play-Doh, Furby, My Little Pony and Magic: The Gathering, were up in Europe during the first quarter. Looking at our product category performance in the first quarter. The Games, Girls and Preschool categories all posted year-over-year gains, and the vast majority of our franchise brands grew. In our developed global economies, we had difficult comparisons in our Boys category, with both Beyblade and Star Wars brands presenting challenging comparisons with the first quarter of last year. As we have discussed in the past, Beyblade was a very strong brand for us, particularly internationally, and continued to be significant in 2012. For 2013, we have all-new product innovation and entertainment coming this fall. Also in the first quarter of last year, Star Wars shipments were up in support of the theatrical release of The Phantom Menace in 3D. While this presents a difficult comparison, Star Wars remains a perennial brand around the world and a priority for Hasbro. We are constantly innovating across the Star Wars brand, and we have several new initiatives launching this fall. We're very excited about the plans Lucasfilm and Disney have for Star Wars across television and film. There is tremendous talent working on the Star Wars brand and developing it for future generations. Star Wars remains a very significant and important priority within our portfolio, and we look forward to the future with this great brand franchise. Partially offsetting the difficult comparisons in Boys, we experienced growth in Marvel, Nerf and G.I. Joe products in the quarter. At Toy Fair this year, we shared some of the global consumer research we fielded around the modern boy. This research has informed the innovation and consumer experiences we have developed and are launching in 2013 for our Boys brands globally, including several new innovations across our Marvel business. After a tremendous year in 2012, Marvel and its studio licensees have several incredible films this year, as well as all-new television programming to continue building the brands globally. In support of the theatrical release, our new Iron Man 3 product line reached retailer shelves in the U.S. just in time for Easter and has already started hitting shelves internationally prior to the May movie release. New Wolverine product will be on shelves starting this summer, and Thor: The Dark World product will hit store shelves this fall. Our Marvel revenues were up more than 20% in the first quarter, and while the comparisons for the full year will be challenging, there is tremendous amount of innovation in our line, supporting both film and television, including our new Iron Man 3 Assemblers and an entirely new Ultimate Spider-Man product line based on the animated series. G.I. Joe is another brand within Boys which grew this quarter. G.I. JOE: Retaliation has performed well and to date, has earned more than $270 million at the global box office. Paramount has indicated they'll begin working on the third G.I. Joe movie, and we look forward to working closely with the studio and the filmmakers. We are pleased with the strong reception to the film and interest in the brand globally. Finally, in 2013, we've completely reinvented Transformers across platforms, including a television series distributed globally, online and mobile games, licensed products and a full line of new toys based on the all-new Transformers Beast Hunters theme. Moving to our Games category. Revenues grew 26% in the quarter. This is a great start to 2013, supported by positive point-of-sale trends in the category in the U.S. and in a number of markets globally. Our franchise brand, Magic: The Gathering, continues to perform well globally across all regions. However, revenue growth in the Games category was not solely driven by Magic: The Gathering. The reinvention of our Games business is being led by our Gaming Center of Excellence and the innovative new brand initiatives they are developing around targeted consumer groups. As a result, there were a number of brands and initiatives which grew within Games this quarter. Boys Action battling games, including ANGRY BIRDS Star Wars and Transformers initiatives, continued to resonate with consumers, nearly doubling revenues in the quarter. The reinvention of the Twister brand, with TWISTER RAVE in our Girls Gaming business, drove growth again this quarter for the Twister brand. Finally, we were all reminded of how much a part of our lives another one of our franchise brands, MONOPOLY, has and continues to be. Our global "Save Your Token" campaign brought in votes from 185 countries, 10 million Facebook fans and created 2 billion impressions, driving increased revenues in the quarter, with new versions of MONOPOLY due out later this year. In our Girls category, several brands contributed to our 23% growth. Notably, Furby continues to be in high demand where it is launched. Furby is now also available in non-English-speaking markets and selling very well. In English-speaking markets, Furby Party Rockers are at retail, and our all-new Furby line will be available this fall. My Little Pony also remains in high demand, with more than 30% revenue growth globally across categories, including licensed products and even greater point-of-sale growth in several markets. Our Girls category also had positive contributions from One Direction, Care Bears and Easy-Bake products. As we continue its reinvention, our franchise brand, Littlest Pet Shop, did not grow in the quarter. Littlest Pet Shop is supported by one of the top-rated shows on The Hub Network in the U.S., and we will be launching television programming outside the U.S. during 2013. Our Gameloft app continues to be extremely successful, and we are integrating this digital play into the physical product. We remain confident that with the investments we are making, Littlest Pet Shop will remain a top Girls brand globally and grow over time. Finally, the Preschool category grew 8% in the first quarter. This reflects our focus on initiatives where we believe we can deliver differentiated innovation, as well as profitable growth. This is evident in our newest franchise brand, Play-Doh. Play-Doh is growing domestically and internationally. Revenues were up more than 30% in the quarter, and we launched a whole new way to play with our new Play-Doh Plus compound. We are also supporting great entertainment brands, including DISNEY PRINCESS, Marvel and Sesame Street. Also within Preschool, our PLAYSKOOL HEROES line is leveraging great brands, including Transformers and Marvel, to deliver growth. Having launched less than 2 years ago, PLAYSKOOL HEROES has performed extremely well, growing revenues and gaining share. Across Hasbro, our teams are delivering the product innovation and rich storytelling behind our brands and our partners' brands necessary to fully leverage our Brand Blueprint across categories and geographies. In closing, the first quarter was a positive start to 2013. We have a number of exciting brand initiatives launching later this year and are encouraged by the reception to our spring initiatives and launches in key brands and categories. Our focus on executing against our Brand Blueprint globally guides our decisions and actions as we target long-term profitable growth for Hasbro and enhance returns for our shareholders. Now I would like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning. As Brian stated, we had a solid start to 2013, and we are pleased with our first quarter results. We made gains both in revenues and profitability after restructuring while delivering a very strong balance sheet and generating healthy cash flow. All 3 of our major operating segments grew revenues absent foreign exchange. 3 of our 4 product categories posted higher revenues, and the vast majority of our franchise brands grew year-over-year. Our underlying operating profit, excluding restructuring charges, increased 47% over 2012. Our global teams are very focused on the quality of execution in our business and ensuring revenue growth also drives profit growth. Also impacting the quarter, last year's first quarter was a 14-week period. And at that time, we identified approximately $6 million of expenses associated with the extra week. This year's first quarter is a 13-week period, and while the extra week in the first quarter has an impact on total expenses, it does not tend to have a material impact on revenues. Absent the extra week and charges in both years, operating profit still grew more than 20%. Our balance sheet was strong at quarter end, with $1.1 billion in cash, supported by the generation of $297.5 million in operating cash flow in the quarter and lower inventories versus last year. While relatively small in significance in relation to our full year, our first quarter results are a good start to 2013. Before we look at the quarterly results in more detail, I wanted to update you on our cost-savings initiative. During the fourth quarter, we began the implementation of a program targeting $100 million in annual savings by 2015. To date, the focus of the initiative has been on an approximate 10% reduction in our workforce, including an early retirement program, as well as working to ensure we have the right skill sets and talent to meet the needs of a global branded play company. The ultimate $100 million in targeted savings will come not only from workforce reductions but also strategic process improvements, facility consolidation and expense reductions, including our SKU reduction program. During the first quarter, we recognized $28.9 million in pretax charges associated with this restructuring. This equates to $0.14 per share. Given a higher-than-expected participation rate in our early retirement program, we've revised our full year expected range of charges and now expect to incur charges of $30 million to $35 million this year before any potential pension charges. This higher participation rate gives us an opportunity to further rationalize our organization and add new talent to the business, particularly in our highest growth potential areas. We anticipate pension charges could be as much as $10 million, but this depends solely on whether or not participants request a lump sum payout. We will not know how many participants make this election and therefore, how much the charge, if any, will be until likely the third or fourth quarter. We also anticipate growth savings in the range of $45 million to $48 million for the year. While both absolute amounts are higher than our original estimates at year-end, we estimate 2013 net savings of $13 million to $15 million before pension charges. In addition to the $28.9 million of pretax restructuring charges this year, we also had $11.1 million of restructuring charges in the first quarter 2012. The following discussion excludes restructuring charges in both periods. A full breakdown of these charges by segment and by line item on the income statement was included in today's earnings release and on Slides 21 through 23 of the presentation. Looking at our segment results for the quarter, the U.S. and Canada segment net revenues increased 4%. Growth in the Girls and Games categories more than offset declines in the Boys and Preschool categories. The U.S. and Canada segment reported 124% operating profit growth and an operating profit margin of 11% of revenues versus 5.1% last year. This gain was driven by higher revenues, favorable product mix and profit improvement in the U.S., including savings from last year's first quarter restructuring. In the International segment, revenues were flat, including a negative $3 million impact of foreign exchange. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, International segment revenues grew 1%. A few developed economies in Europe face difficult comparisons in Boys to 2012, and the European region declined 7% despite growth in emerging markets, including Russia and eastern Europe. This was offset by a 21% increase in Asia Pacific and a 17% increase in Latin America. In total, our emerging markets grew 34% in the quarter. Games, Girls and Preschool all increased internationally but were offset by a decline in the Boys category. The operating loss in the International segment increased by $1 million, primarily due to the lower revenue and operating profit in Europe. The Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased 5% as we continue to benefit from higher sales of Hasbro Studios television programming. Operating profit in the segment declined $1.3 million. This decline is primarily due to the mix of revenues and reflects an increase in program amortization versus last year. Looking at our overall expenses. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue was essentially flat year-over-year. Total operating expenses declined 1% or $2.7 million. The decline came from lower overall costs due to a 13-week quarter in 2013 versus a 14-week quarter in 2012 and savings from workforce reductions in the first quarter 2012. We also had lower royalty expense versus last year due to product mix. These declines were partially offset by investment in innovation and consumer demand creation. Product development, advertising and program amortization each increased modestly and were essentially in line with last year as a percentage of revenue. Moving below operating profit. Total non-operating expense increased $6.5 million. The year-over-year increase came from foreign currency losses in 2013 versus gains in the first quarter 2012 and investment losses this year versus gains last year. Non-operating expense also includes our 50% share of The Hub. For the first quarter 2013, our share in The Hub Network was a loss of $1.1 million compared to a loss of $1.8 million a year ago. Our underlying tax rate for the first quarter 2013 was 26.4% compared to an underlying tax rate of 26% in the first quarter 2012 and 27% for the full year 2012. During the quarter, we had favorable tax adjustments of $5.5 million. These adjustments were not unusual but had a significant impact on the results of the quarter given they came in the first quarter, when our earnings are historically at their lowest. For the full year, this impact would not be significant, and we would not anticipate calling it out in our full year 2013 results. For the quarter, average diluted shares were 129.3 million compared to 129.6 million shares last year. Similar to last year, when we also reported a loss in the first quarter, basic and diluted shares are the same. If we had reported net earnings for the quarter, our average diluted shares would have been 130.9 million versus 131.6 million a year ago. Now let's turn to the balance sheet, which remains very healthy. Our business continues to generate strong cash flows from operations. During the quarter, we generated $297.5 million of operating cash flow. For the trailing 12 months, operating cash flow was $547.5 million. At quarter end, cash totaled $1.1 billion. After strategic investments in our business, we continue to return cash to our shareholders through our dividend and buyback programs. Our next dividend payment, the first reflecting the 11% increase approved by the board in February, is scheduled for May 15. We repurchased almost 520,000 shares during the quarter at a total cost of $20.2 million and an average price of $38.81 per share. At quarter end, we had $107.1 million left on our share repurchase authorization. Our intent is to continue repurchasing shares opportunistically against that authorization. During the remainder of 2013, we have 2 royalty advances due Marvel: a $30 million payment in May and a $50 million payment in July. We also have our final guaranteed royalty payment of $25 million due to The Hub in November. We're evaluating the appropriate level of cash to hold domestically and outside the U.S. Our objective is to get the best return on this cash for our business and for our shareholders, and we're carefully reviewing our options. Our receivables at quarter end were up 12%, and DSOs were 69 days versus 63 days last year. Last year's DSO was abnormally low due to the extra week during the first quarter 2012, allowing for greater-than-normal collections. Our current DSO of 69 days, is more in line with historical trends for the first quarter. Inventories declined $73 million versus last year on lower inventory levels in all regions except Asia Pacific, where inventories are up to support the growth in our emerging markets, including China and Korea. Compared to year-end, inventories increased slightly, up $7.7 million. We remain committed to tightly managing inventory levels. And overall, at Hasbro and at retail, our inventory is of high quality. We're pleased with our start to 2013. As an organization, Hasbro is focused on delivering profitable long-term growth while driving innovation across our key brand initiatives and successfully executing our multiyear cost-savings initiative. We remain focused on smart decision-making and leveraging our investments and executing our global Brand Blueprint. Now Brian and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions, one is a quickie. Deb, what would you say we should be expecting for the balance of the year as an underlying tax rate?
Deborah M. Thomas: We would expect our underlying tax rate, Sean, to be consistent with what we said at year-end, somewhere between 26% and 27%.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I think one of the things that may have come out of last year's presentation -- or the presentation rather at Toy Fair was just how big Magic is and how much it's growing. But I don't -- personally, I don't have a sense of how that product might be seasonally compared to the rest of the business. So can you give us some sense of kind of the order of magnitude? I guess, specifically, would sales overall have been up excluding Magic? Is it big enough to move the needle that much?
Brian D. Goldner: Sean, if you look at Magic, actually, it typically runs fairly flat quarter-on-quarter. It's more of release-driven, meaning the new releases of characters that contribute to people's cards to their collections and to their deck that they are then playing with. So it tends to be more release-driven based on the content that's put out in the market, so less seasonal. It's driven by the couple of different components. There's a major online digital component and a mobile component now, as well as the card-based component that's sold at retail. Remember that 4/5 of that retail is in nonentity[ph]-type retail stores, so a lot of hobby shops and lots of hobby shop playing. And we did talk about the fact that other parts of our Games business was up during the quarter. There were several brands in Games that were up in the quarter. And of course, our Girls business and Preschool and Games were all up. And Girls and Games were up significantly in the quarter. So I think that it was certainly a contributor, but we have a lot of good initiatives working in the first quarter for us.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Brian, quick question for you. You had mentioned in your prepared remarks that POS was up for Games, but I was just wondering if you could talk about it more broadly across your entire product portfolio.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. If we look at U.S. data, what we see is that POS was up significantly in Girls, it was up significantly in Games and up well in Preschool and for obvious reasons, down in Boys. If you look at the overall POS really in line with inventories, it was -- fared far better than our inventory reduction. Our inventories were down mid-teens in the U.S., and our own inventory, as you know, is down 18% despite being up in Asia Pacific. So we feel very good about what it is a early quarter, obviously, a less important quarter for the year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Just to be clear, the -- you said the point of sales was up better than your inventory reduction, and that's inclusive of Boys?
Brian D. Goldner: Correct.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And Deb, on accounts receivable, would you say that the entire release was due to the tough comps of having an extra collection day last year?
Deborah M. Thomas: That's, by far, the biggest piece of it, Felicia. We said that if you look back at historical trends, the first quarter for, say, the last 5 years, it tends to be around that 69-day period. We've been decreasing slightly as of the past, but we're adding a little bit of extra days because of the longer-term receivables as we grow in places like Brazil, where we had growth again this quarter. That has a slightly longer -- but the majority of it was from extra collections, so if you look at that average, that's the best way to look at the DSO.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So we had 1 extra week of collections last year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, helpful. Last final question. Brian, just on Furby, has that rolled out in to all the international countries yet? And if not, can you just walk us through the schedule?
Brian D. Goldner: It's rolling out right now in non-English-speaking countries. As you know, last year, we've launched an English-speaking in the second half of the year, actually, fourth quarter mostly. And then, throughout the year, it's going to roll out in multiple languages, including lots of markets where we have set up emerging markets teams since the last Furby launch. So you'll see certainly Furby in Brazil, in Russia, in Korea and rolling into China. So again, Furby will go worldwide throughout the year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And by the end of the year, it will be all rolled out?
Brian D. Goldner: It'll be everywhere. And then, we have a brand-new Furby and Furby line coming, and we've not said much about that publicly except this morning, we did note that in English-speaking countries, we'll roll out our, call it, Furby 2.0.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple things here. Deb, can you give us any savings, gross or net, in the quarter, just as a more of a housekeeping item? And then, Brian, in Brazil, a competitor mentioned last week that the industry as a whole, the channel inventories were a little elevated, and those were being worked through. Can you give us some color on Brazil from your perspective?
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. Our Brazilian business was up significantly, and the industry is up. Trends in the industry are quite strong, albeit a little bit more muted than the economic environment but still up quite strongly.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And you're talking retail, correct?
Brian D. Goldner: Correct. Retail inventory was up, and our business was up. We gained a number of share points, in fact, something like 2.1 percentage points of share in Brazil, and our business is doing quite well. The team down there is doing a great job. Our franchise brands are performing quite well in Brazil across the board, as well as our partners brands and entertainment. So Brazil continues to be a high-growth market for us. And in combination with our other emerging markets, we grew emerging markets in the quarter by 34%.
Deborah M. Thomas: And as for the savings, Tim, as we've mentioned, we had $28 million worth of costs in the quarter, and we expect the majority of the growth savings that we talked about for the year to really come from the second quarter on.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So basically, nothing gross or net from a savings perspective in the first quarter?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we did have some savings, as we mentioned, in the first quarter in the U.S. and Canada division from their restructuring that they did in the first quarter of 2011. So what you're seeing in our underlying results, which is why we tried to split that out, is really the benefits we're getting from what we did last year. And we'll see more of what we did this year later this year.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So Tim, let me just say it's -- what we saw, the U.S. business have sort of returned to historical levels of operating profit margin this year. The underlying operating profit in that segment was 11%, up against 5.1% a year ago. So that's really -- the first quarter last year was when we saw those -- when we started to see those savings versus this year.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then from the new restructuring program, Deb, just to clarify. As you mentioned, that'll start -- savings will start kicking in, in Q2 here?
Deborah M. Thomas: Yes, that's -- they'll start to kick in, in Q2. And we talked about our -- the reason for the increase in our cost was really related to a higher-than-expected acceptance of our voluntary retirement program. So obviously, we have a few of those people who are staggering throughout the year. And that's why we have been very clear to say we are -- we remain firmly on track to achieve our $100 million in expense reductions by 2015, so we just want to be clear we're on track to achieve that still.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Kelter of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe the first thing, just to follow up on what you were just talking about. Can you maybe talk us through a timeline of the labor reductions a little more granularly? And I ask only because SG&A of about $188 million in the quarter is in line with the last 2 years despite the reductions in labor that I thought started several months back. So I just wanted to get a better understanding of the timeline.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, we created the program and worked on the program in -- toward fourth quarter of last year. And we identified the first round of savings in the quarter and had made a plan, although none of the reductions began to take place until the first quarter of '13 in the absolute, maybe a few people. But the first quarter was when we began and offered the voluntary retirement program. We had a significant uptake on that program. In addition, other changes to the organizations and that's happened globally. So this quarter's when the changes predominantly have happened around the company and around the world. There are some people in the voluntary retirement program that will leave throughout the year, so not everyone will leave or has left in the first quarter. And so that's planned out throughout the year. And it is approximately a 10% net reduction in heads. We're also hiring in certain key areas where we see high growth potential so that's always part of our plan. And as I mentioned earlier, if you look back over the last decade, while we've added hundreds of people to our international organization, to our licensing capabilities and IP creation capabilities, our headcount has remained flat from late 2000 until 2012. So this is really another change that enables us to bring in talent in new high growth areas.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then, you said in your prepared remarks that you are carefully reviewing your options with respect to the cash balances. And maybe you could review with us what you see as your primary options and what the positive, negatives are of those options.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, we have been clear that most of our cash, again, at the end of this quarter is overseas, and we continue looking at what to do with that cash. And we continue to generate and we said, we generated $297.5 million of operating cash flow in the quarter just from our business and almost $550 million over the last 12 months. So we continue to generate enough cash and have sufficient borrowing capacities through our commercial paper program to fund our business, so we're not worried about funding our business or paying our dividend. But we do look at -- and we could, at any time, bring that cash back to the U.S. should we need it, but we don't because we have sufficient capacity to run our business elsewise. But we believe that by the investments we've made have -- that we're providing a greater return to our shareholders. If you look at our emerging markets and those investments, they've paid off in 34% revenue growth in the quarter and increasing profitability to the company. And we look at that for the long term for the shareholders, but we do remain committed to returning the excess cash to our shareholders. Our board just announced an 11% increase in the quarterly dividend this year, which is the first payment of that is in May. We continue to target our payout ratio of about 45% to 50%, which in 2013 will be impacted a little bit because our board had paid our normal February dividend in December. So while we keep looking at that, we're looking at the most effective way to utilize that cash for the best return for our shareholders.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You're strongly considering repatriating, is that what I should be hearing?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we're looking at strategies on how best to repatriate given that we want to do that in a tax effective manner.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then one last thing. The Hub is still running at a loss despite the improvement in ratings that you guys have seen. What will it take for that to turn to positive?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think that we are in a position right now where this is about the kinds of investments that we've made to grow our ratings, frankly, in the backdrop where other networks are not growing their ratings or they're going backward. So we've made investments in marketing. We've made investments in programming. So we are looking at what the right pivot point will be in order to begin to generate operating profit within the network. But we're all committed to the idea, as we had mentioned earlier, of a long-term profitable network that was also a great competitor in the marketplace. And so we're reaching those points, and we're looking at when the right time to make that pivot would be.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: When you look at your inventories, and your inventories have been down now on a year-over-year basis for at least 5 or 6 quarters, should we look at these -- are these just permanent decreases now? Or do you get a sense from retailers that if the economy starts showing more significant signs of improvement that they'd be willing to allocate more shelf space to toys? Or just talk about some of the retail dynamics that are going on right now.
Brian D. Goldner: If you look outside the U.S., our business in Latin America and Asia Pacific continues to grow. Our retail shelf space continues to improve across several segments or categories. Across Europe, our business is improving. The biggest difference on European sales in the quarter really has to do, first and foremost, with Beyblade. Beyblade is kind of overdeveloped relative to European business, particularly in markets like Germany and France and then secondarily, Star Wars. So in fact, it's really more brand comparisons than it's about an economic environment or a retailer's commitment to toys. The kinds of sales that we're seeing in Girls, the new initiatives we have planned for Girls, in Preschool and Games and also for Boys for the second half of the year, I think, positions us very well in terms of retail shelf space. And what we've really done is manage our inventories to enable us to bring more inventory in, in time for consumer demand and more in line with consumer demand. And that was a stated strategy we had that we executed a year ago, and I think we then work from there with this new template or this new model as our plan go forward.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as far as the Easter season is concerned, again that's a U.S.-centric type of selling season, was there any significant benefit from having that in the first quarter? And does that sort of reverse out in the second quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: No, I don't think that there's a significant benefit for our business now given that 51% of our business in the quarter was outside the U.S.
Operator: Our next question is from coming from the line of Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I guess, can you talk a little bit about Preschool and what you guys think you've done really well in that because it appears it's grown pretty strongly in the quarter.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we take a very broad portfolio approach within our key franchise brands there. So there are really 2 major brands that are developed in there for us. One is the Play-Doh business that we continue to drive globally. It's a great brand for us globally. It's growing significantly and growing really in every region around the world. That is a brand that hits a lot of the key critical milestones that global parents really enjoy. It's a brand where if you go to Turkey or Brazil or China, parents really are in favor of the creativity that Play-Doh provides. And we've launched a lot of new product innovations and as well as have partnered with some great partners in Disney and Marvel and others to continue to expand the brand offering. In PLAYSKOOL, we've really identified this idea of characters, and PLAYSKOOL HEROES is a segment of our business that's becoming more major over time. We've launched it just a couple of years ago, and it's really beginning to accelerate as we go out around the world. It's led by both Transformers, as well as Marvel properties, and it's a great insight for us as we look at global boys and the opportunity to give boys their first action heroes that are consistent with things their parents feel good about. So we've got kind of a couple segments there that are really key drivers for us.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And was there any, like, new marketing program that you had going with any of these brands in the quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, as you know, across all of those, we have great marketing programs, and in support of the PLAYSKOOL HEROES line, we have a great TV show that's going out around the world in Transformers Rescue Bots. And in Play-Doh, we have a show that's launched now in China, known as Pei Le Doh or loosely translated as Elf and the Can. And it's a really fun imaginative show, and it's a great preschool show that's been done in partnership with Chinese television.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And then can you, finally, just remind us, was there any specific pricing increases that you guys took this quarter? I can't recall if you had offered that at the Analyst Day.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, overall, our pricing is probably up low- to mid-single digits. But remember that we have -- that's really on carryover items, on new items. We are able to take the pricing up on carryover, and then on new items, we price for whatever that cost increase. Primarily, the cost increases we're seeing are in labor.
Deborah M. Thomas: Right, Brian. And I think we took that low-single digit price increase already in the U.S., and we have the low-single digit price increase outside the U.S. more a little bit in the second quarter, early in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Drew Crum of Stifel.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So Deb, I wonder if you could comment on the gross margin. It looks like it's 61%, your 5-year high. As you look at the balance of 2013, what -- how are you thinking about that line? What are some of the puts and takes on gross margin as you look at the next couple of quarters?
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure.Well, Drew, we had talked about, at Toy Fair, that we expected the level of gross margin we had for the full year 2012 to be sustainable. And as Brian just mentioned, we price to recover the cost of the product, and we continue to believe that our gross margins on that full year basis would be sustainable. Now every quarter, it can be a little bit different dependent upon product mix, but what we're seeing is with cleaner inventory at Hasbro and lower inventory at retail, we have less in the way of closeouts and markdowns. And for many reasons, that's really why we believe that those levels are sustainable.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then Brian, you specifically called out the performance of Littlest Pet Shop in the quarter, and the ratings on that show on The Hub have been quite strong. Are you still tracking on plan with respect to the product launch in support of that program? And is this a brand that we should expect to grow for Girls in 2013?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, the last part of your question I really won't answer. But I will tell you that, over the long term, the reason we called it out was the vast majority of our franchise brands grew in the quarter. We wanted to highlight that Littlest Pet Shop is on a track very similar to what we did with My Little Pony a few years ago, and it does take a bit of time to create the storytelling, to create a really great television series that is getting very high ratings. So thanks for noticing that. And those -- that show is now rolling out around the world. The product line follows as well. We'll license products, and our Gameloft relationship is quite successful there as well. We've had millions of girls downloading their Gameloft app game for Littlest Pet Shop. And so we're going to connect up all of the digital and analog play patterns in the product line, and it will launch late this year and into 2014. So we feel like we're on track long term to regrow that brand.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last question, can you remind us the nature of the Marvel royalty payments and the timing as to when those flow through the cash flow statement?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, go ahead.
Deborah M. Thomas: Yes, sure. We have a couple of advances left to do with -- on the Marvel agreement for this year, and we did want to call them out because they're a larger payment. So we have $30 million due in May, and we have another $50 million due Marvel in July so that's really the timing of that. And just to remind you as well, the final payment of our guarantee to The Hub, the $25 million, will be in November of this year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson of BMO.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: First, I just want to clarify your answer to Felicia's point-of-sale question. Did you say down a little bit less than inventories in the U.S. and Canada?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, correct. It's -- the POS is down less than inventory overall and strong growth in POS in Games and Girls and Preschool. Not surprisingly, Boys POS was down in the quarter.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And the inventory you're referencing is retail down mid-teens?
Brian D. Goldner: Correct.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Is there any sort of impact to be expected on the bottom line from any participation in G.I. Joe, in the box office there?
Brian D. Goldner: We'll have to see over the longer term just how that looks. Obviously, we do participate a bit in the box office, and we're also very excited about the long-term opportunity with that brand. Kind of an update, over the weekend, we saw the great box office results coming out of China, so now the global box office is over $300 million. And we're up significantly in major emerging markets as we've talked about the box office there around emerging markets has grown dramatically, particularly for 3D. So great box office results in China, in Russia, Brazil, and so it portends great things for the brand longer term.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. Production amortization, it was up $2.5 million in the quarter, but that had declined in the fourth quarter by about almost $2 million. Why the swing there?
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, I think it's about timing of -- that particular swing is about kind of timing of delivery of programming. So as we mentioned at year-end, our ultimate revenues had increased, which is what had lowered our overall amortization expense. But we delivered and started airing Littlest Pet Shop and other programs this year. So it's just a timing issue.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And Deb, on the fourth quarter, you -- on the fourth quarter call, you said that there'd be restructuring charges of $20 million to $30 million, and that range was wide because there could be some pension costs included in that. Now you've raised and expanded that range and now calling pension out as something that could be incremental to that. Can you just go through the thought process between what you said then and now?
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, as we mentioned, we -- I think we said $25 million to $30 million in additional costs at year-end. And we did have some pension expense in the first quarter of this year, which is what we could anticipate at the time, and we said we now expect to have costs of $30 million to $35 million, which, obviously, we had a large -- for the full year, we had a large portion of that in the first quarter. And that was really due to the higher-than-anticipated participation rates in our voluntary termination program, so we have a lot more people elected to take early retirement than we had anticipated so that's really the primary driver. We continue to see, and I mentioned last year-end, it would be difficult to predict exactly how much of the potential noncash pension charges that are left to come. We anticipate it could be as much as $10 million. But it really is dependent on how many of those participants in the voluntary retirement program take lump sum payments. So if a lot take lump sum payments and the majority take lump sum payments this year, we could see an additional $10 million of expense associated with this. If only a few do, we may see nothing. So that's why it's -- we wanted to let you know what the potential could be. We'll obviously call it out when it happens. But right now, we can't say with certainty exactly how much the amount will be.
Brian D. Goldner: And Gerrick, if you look, that corollary is the savings, and the savings rate has gone up versus our estimates, having to do with more people taking the voluntary program. So the savings rate, we now expect for the year is $45 million to $48 million.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, okay. But that still equates to $100 million by 2015?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So if you took out -- if you look at it, we've identified already nearly half of that in 2013. We're running at that rate. And then obviously, there's a '14 interim year to get you to 2015.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. Just one little quick one here. Do you guys have licensing rights to American Greetings brands worldwide, Care Bears, Strawberry Shortcake?
Brian D. Goldner: We share those with them, yes.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Share those, what does that mean?
Brian D. Goldner: We have -- we share the licensing income from the licensing of those brands. You're asking about licensing, you're not talking about the toy rights. We have -- now we may look at having other people do some of those brands over time, and we've had those conversations. It's similar to what -- so we've had ...
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I was talking about Care Bears and the American Greetings-owned IP.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, so we can -- yes, we're selling those toys. But I thought you were asking about licensing income. Licensing income, we actually split with American Greetings.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Taylor of Arcadia Investment.
John Taylor: I've got a couple of questions, too. Could you -- for those of us who aren't paying that close attention to One Dimension (sic) [Direction], could you talk a little bit about the cadence of kind of what their visibility looks like this year, TV or concert tour, that kind of thing, and how you're thinking about shipments of that line?
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. One Direction contributed to the quarter. Obviously, we had brands like My Little Pony and Furby also contribute significantly to the quarter. One Direction has a movie planned for the end of August this year and obviously, I'm sure, tons of publicity around their concert tours. But the one I would call it kind of major piece of entertainment is a movie that's planned for the end of August.
John Taylor: Okay. And they're -- aren't they touring, though, as well this year?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, correct. That's what I said, yes. So they have a number of tours, and around those tours, there's a lot of publicity. And the fans know where they're going.
John Taylor: Okay, cool. Okay, I guess I missed that one. And then the -- as I recall, in first quarter of last year, Transformers had eroded at a -- kind of at a lesser rate than what we typically think of as a minus 50. So I wondered, could you hang any number, give us any sense of kind of what Transformer did in year -- the second year of the movie this time versus the last time.
Brian D. Goldner: Transformers in the quarter was relatively flat. We're transitioning out of what was last year mostly an entertainment-led, television-led business, and we're transitioning into the whole Transformer Beast Hunters re-imagination and new TV series, which really launches just now, and products start rolling out throughout the year. And Transformers, as you know, is a very strong international brand for us. So we saw, again, a roughly flat business as we come out of one product line and into another.
John Taylor: Okay, good. And then last question, on the Boys side, so you're seeing strength with ANGRY BIRDS and some of the action games for boys. Do you -- in your mind, is there any sort of cannibalization that might be happening between that and Beyblade since Beyblade is essentially an action game as well?
Brian D. Goldner: We're not really seeing anything that I could point to, JT. The play pattern using both the Jenga brand and standalone Transformers and Star Wars is really -- it's fun off-the-board kind of games, building-and-smashing type of games, and Transformers, the Bot Shots brand has been great and a very different play pattern than Beyblade. Beyblade has held up well in some markets like the U.S. and several other markets in Europe. It just happened to be such a big part of certain regions or certain countries business a year ago that the comparisons are pretty challenging. So I would -- go ahead.
John Taylor: Sorry. Yes, I was going to say any difference in the age focus of those kinds of things?
Brian D. Goldner: We're -- again, I think what we're seeing with kids is where they're able to find apps, they like playing the apps, but where we're able to bring new play to brands and games, we're able to get paid for that play. So the idea of being able to build a set that you're then able to break apart with ANGRY BIRDS or in Twister for girls, where you're able to really change the nature of the game from just the dots to TWISTER RAVE, which is now using elements like Skip-It and other light -- fun light dancing elements. And that reinvention is certainly contributing to the growth of that brand. So again, it's -- playing in ways you just can't play on a digital game.
Operator: Our last question is from the line of Michael Swartz of SunTrust.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just sticking with the Boys business, I guess, given the decline in the first quarter and knowing it's early in the year, I mean, is -- I guess, what, in particular, gives you comfort that, that business can grow this year?
Brian D. Goldner: I don't think we've ever said that the business would or wouldn't grow or that any category would or wouldn't grow nor have we talked about whether we would grow. We're really sort of setting up the year in major initiatives. I think the second half of the year has lots of new initiatives across every one of our categories. We're just pleased with the progress we made in the first quarter as we're seeing some of our spring initiatives take hold, and I think it's a good start to the year.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And then with -- just with regards to the gross margin. I know it's not kind of the heart of the production cycle yet but could you maybe outline some of the puts and takes there on maybe input costs or freight or anything to that extent?
Brian D. Goldner: I think the one area where you're seeing input cost change is in labor. There was a 7% labor rate increase that was accepted by the Shenzhen government. There's another labor increase across the region that will come in later in the year. So I think as you see cost pressures, it's really related to labor. Some of the labor shortages we've seen have started to reverse a bit as the economic environment in China has cooled a little bit. But still, I think labor will become the big watchword for the year. The other input cost in ABS and paperboard go up and down by quarter and tend to run in arrears, especially ABS and resin, in arrears to oil prices.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you to everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. From an investor communications perspective, we will be presenting at the Barclays Retail and Consumer Discretionary Conference next week, and a webcast will be accessible through our Investor Relations site for those that are unable to attend in person. Finally, please save the date of September 10 for Hasbro's Investor Day. We will be holding the event in New York this year, and we will provide more details as the date approaches. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Business Development
Analysts: Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good evening, and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter and full year earnings release was issued this afternoon and is available on our website. Additionally, also available on our website are presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Please note that whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This afternoon, Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial results and discuss important factors impacting our performance. Following their statements, David Hargreaves, Hasbro's Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Business Development, will join Brian and Deb to field your questions. Before we begin, please note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matter. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In 2012, Hasbro made significant strides toward accomplishing many objectives we set and communicated for the company. Specifically, we grew 2012 EPS to $2.81 versus $2.74 per share in 2011, including a $0.10 negative impact of foreign exchange. This excludes restructuring charges in both years and a tax benefit in 2011. We returned the U.S. and Canada segment to historical operating profit margins despite lower revenues in the year. In turn, overall operating profit margins for Hasbro increased to 14.7% before charges. We leveraged our international investments, growing our emerging markets revenue 16%. These are markets in which we have significantly invested over the past several years. Importantly, we delivered better than breakeven profit for all major emerging markets outside of China, 1 year ahead of plan. We grew the Games category against an objective of stabilization and improved operating profit margins in the category. We grew revenue in our Girls category, driven by Furby and My Little Pony's brand innovation and immersive experiences. And although we did not originally state this goal, we grew Entertainment and Licensing segment revenue and operating profit in a year following a major Transformers motion picture. However, 2012 revenues declined $197 million. This reflects a negative $99 million impact from foreign exchange and a more than $100 million reduction in retail inventories. As we outlined for you earlier this year, we employed a proven approach to rebuild our U.S. business much the way we have driven our international markets. It involves shipping inventory later in the year to be more in line with consumer demand, supported by increases in marketing spending. Unfortunately, this holiday season, we saw a rapidly changing, more challenging retail environment. Lower point-of-sale trends from Thanksgiving to just before Christmas did not enable us to realize year-end shipments as strong as we had anticipated. There was a concern at retail about purchasing too much inventory later in the year given weak point-of-sale trends leading up to Christmas. Point-of-sale did improve significantly at year end, but that demand did not result in additional shipments for Hasbro. Importantly, we ended the year with lower retail inventory in the U.S., as well as lower inventory on hand at Hasbro. This puts us in a strong position to begin 2013. We recognize our industry is changing. In fact, to address these changes, we've been investing over the past several years to build our capabilities supporting our brands and our brand blueprint. Tomorrow at our Toy Fair event, we will walk you through the evolution of the blueprint and speak to the next stage, the Brand Blueprint 2.0. As we continue to accelerate the transformation of our company while operating in markets with new consumer and retail dynamics, we have outlined a company-wide cost-savings initiative designed to deliver $100 million in annual savings by 2015. Our 2012 fourth quarter results include a pretax charge of $36 million related to the initial implementation of this program, and we anticipate $20 million to $30 million in additional charges in 2013. We expect to realize 2013 net savings of $15 million to $25 million, with the remaining of the savings being fully recognized by 2015 as all aspects of the plan are implemented. We are reviewing the organization from top to bottom to identify cost-saving opportunities. To date, these include an approximate 10% reduction in workforce, including an early retirement offering; facility consolidation, the continuation of our item and SKU count reduction programs and the implementation of process improvements. Over the past several years, we've invested in strategic growth opportunities for Hasbro. We've added new brand-building capabilities while eliminating many historical SKU-making behaviors. We will continue investing strategically for the long term, where we anticipate strong returns on that investment. But we are accelerating our cost-saving efforts to reflect the market environment and our strategic decision to focus on fewer, more significant initiatives and working to ensure that in any environment we continue to enhance our total shareholder returns. Now let's take a look at 2012. We had a number of successful brand initiatives for Hasbro. We had a record year with our Marvel partnership supporting 2 great films, Marvel's The Avengers and The Amazing Spider-Man, building on the tremendous brand innovation and storytelling for Marvel combined with the global scope and strong consumer-oriented approach of Disney. We are very excited about growing our partnership with Disney, and we'll spend some time tomorrow during our presentation outlining some of our 2 companies' global brand-building opportunities. Also last year, Furby launched in English-speaking markets and delivered a great year. By November, the U.K. was entirely out of stock. Furby was supported by a strong digital marketing campaign, and on Christmas Day, the Furby app was the sixth most downloaded free app in the App Store. In 2013, Furby goes global, and we will continue to add to the Furby line with new innovative brand experiences. With the support of global television, product innovation, inventive licensing, a new digital app game, online experiences and a strong retail execution, My Little Pony continue to post very strong double-digit growth year-over-year. In 2013, we have exciting plans for the brand, which we'll begin to share with you tomorrow. Our Games category grew versus our objective of stabilization. Magic: The Gathering had another tremendous year, growing more than 30% and marking the brand's fourth consecutive year of 25% growth or greater. We also had a number of games initiatives that performed well, including Twister Dance, MONOPOLY Millionaire and Battleship. Additionally, we launched a very successful new action-battling gaming initiative across several brands, including TRANSFORMERS BOT SHOTS, Star Wars Fighter Pods, and despite launching late in the year, a strong contribution from our new partnership with Rovio Entertainment and Lucasfilm for ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS. We made a great deal of progress within Games this year as we continue to evolve our approach to gaming to be more in line with how consumers are playing games today. We continue to innovate gaming experiences based on consumer insights and offering gameplay, which cannot be replicated online or with an app. Importantly, we improved profitability in our Gaming business to its highest level in several years. We reduced inventory in the U.S. retail channel and grew the Games category overall, backed by a number of these new initiatives. Despite these successful initiatives across categories, we did face revenue headwinds in 2012 relative to the $916 million in Transformers and Beyblade sales in 2011 and a challenging retail environment in the U.S. and a number of Western European countries. In respect to Transformers, 2012 revenue was down in line with other post-movie year performances for Boys brands. However, the brand grew 10% versus 2010, our last non-movie year, with support from global television and new brand initiatives. Looking ahead to 2013, we are excited about the complete reinvention of Transformers across platforms, including a TV series distributed globally, online and mobile games, licensed products and a full line of new toys based on the all-new Transformers Beast Hunters. In 2014, we anticipate the next installment of the Transformers movie franchise with an all-new cast and characters in partnership with Paramount Pictures and Michael Bay. For Beyblade, 2012 revenues exceeded our expectations, declining less than we had planned. Beyblade remains a very popular brand globally and in the U.S., Beyblade ranked as one of our top selling items based on point-of-sale data for the year. In 2013, we have new brand initiatives integrated with all-new animation from our partners at d-rights, Nelvana and Tomy Takara. Looking more closely at our performance by region, our U.S. business declined, reflecting retail inventory reductions, tough comparison and a challenging market. But we generated greater earnings power from sales, increasing our operating profit margin to 15.1% versus 12.4% in 2011. In 2012, we changed our approach to the market and how we partnered with retailers. This allowed us to grow profitably and importantly positions us for profitable growth in future years. At the beginning of 2012, we tasked the new U.S. team with returning the segment to historical operating profit margins and through a disciplined focus on quality execution and strong inventory management they were successful in 1 short year. Internationally, revenues grew 1% absent foreign exchange, representing the largest revenue year internationally in company history. Including the impact of foreign exchange, revenues declined 4%. Latin America grew 8%, contributing to our emerging market growth of 16%. Additionally, we achieved profitability in every major emerging market except China, including Brazil, Russia and Columbia, a year ahead of plan. I've talked today and over the past few years about the importance of supporting brands with rich digital and media content. As a result of the investments we've made in recent years, our television, film, digital and licensing strategy is firmly in place and working. If you look at our brand performances and those across the industry, brands with a comprehensive strategy across these platforms are connecting with consumers and outperforming those operating outside of this model. Since announcing our entry into television and television programming several years ago, we've made significant progress. Our shows are now in more than 170 countries worldwide. And in 2012, these programs drove approximately $150 million in incremental merchandising revenue. Our television presence is also helping to build our brands in many emerging market countries. In the U.S., The Hub is now available in 72 million homes versus 56 million at launch. Advertising has grown significantly. Ratings are growing and have posted 5 consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth in Total Day. And in 2012, The Hub was the fastest-growing kid cable network. While we continue to record a small annual loss after amortization in this investment, the network is cash flow positive and our overall global television strategy is on track and delivering profitable incremental revenues for Hasbro. In 2013, we have another year with an extremely strong television slate, supported by Hasbro's and our partners' programming airing around the world. We're also supporting a number of major motion pictures in the coming year, providing additional global opportunities for Hasbro and partner's brands. There are a number of film slated for 2013 and beyond from Hasbro and our partners. We're thrilled that our partner, Marvel, and its studio licensees, have a number of films planned, including Iron Man 3; The Wolverine; Thor: The Dark World; Captain America: The Winter Soldier; The Amazing Spider-Man 2; an Avenger sequel, as well as the launch of a new brand, Guardians of The Galaxy. Lucasfilm is now developing new Star Wars movies, including Star Wars 7, planned for 2015 with J.J. Abrams directing. Marvel's character franchises, including Avengers and Spider-Man, along with Disney's new acquisition of Star Wars, our major franchise brands for Hasbro and our partnership with Disney is enabling us to develop these brands to be more global than ever before. Today and in the future, consumers and retailers are increasingly looking for compelling innovation integrated with a multitude of digital experiences. At Hasbro, we work with tremendous brands and experienced global team developing innovative brand initiatives, including a strong multiyear slate of television, films and immersive digital engagements, which we believe positions us to deliver long-term profitable growth and enhance total shareholder returns. Tomorrow, we'll speak further about the evolution of our brand blueprint at our Toy Fair presentation, as well as provide you with the first look at much of our 2013 product line. Now I would like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas: Thank you, Brian. As Brian stated, we accomplished many of the objectives we set for the company in 2012. Through solid execution and good fiscal discipline, we increased our company's underlying operating profit margins fueled by gains in the U.S. and Canada segment margin. We drove further growth in the emerging markets and achieved our profitability target a year ahead of plan. Posting 16% growth, emerging markets now represent more than 10% of our total revenue, and our major markets, such as Brazil and Russia, are profitable. We generated operating cash flow above our $500 million annual target, which continues to provide us with capital to both strategically deploy it back into our business and to return to our shareholders. Today, we announced an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend. Finally, we began the implementation of a cost-savings initiative designed to generate $100 million in annual savings by 2015. This program is wide-reaching and strategic in nature, designed not only to lower our cost basis but to drive higher levels of efficiency and effectiveness from our global teams. We have great confidence in our people and our strategy, and we believe in our ability as a team to accomplish the goals we set for Hasbro. Turning to our 2012 results, full year net revenues were $4.09 billion compared to $4.29 billion in 2011. Excluding a $98.5 million negative impact from foreign exchange, revenues declined 2% to $4.19 billion. Operating profit for the year as reported was $551.8 million compared to operating profit of $594 million in 2011. 2012 operating profit includes $47.2 million in restructuring charges. 2011 operating profit includes $14.4 million related to costs associated with establishing our Gaming Center of Excellence. Excluding these charges in both years, 2012 operating profit was $599 million or 14.7% of revenues compared to $608.4 million or 14.2% of revenues last year. Net earnings as reported for 2012 were $336 million or $2.55 per share compared with $385.4 million or $2.82 per share in 2011. Absent charges and a favorable tax benefit in 2011, 2012 EPS was $2.81 per share versus $2.74 per share in 2011. Additionally, 2012 EPS includes a negative $0.10 per share impact from foreign exchange. Cash grew year-over-year to $849.7 million as we generated $535 million of operating cash flow. As I mentioned, we remain in a strong cash position to fund our business and to continue returning cash to shareholders. Looking at our full year 2012 results by segment. The U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $2.12 billion, down 6% versus $2.25 billion last year. Growth in the Girls and Games categories was more than offset by declines in the Boys and Preschool categories. The U.S. and Canada segment reported 15% operating profit growth to $319.1 million or 15.1% of revenues compared to $278.4 million or 12.4% of revenues in 2011. The increase in operating profit came primarily from product mix, as well as improved inventory management based on the change in execution of our U.S. business and the decision to shift shipments later in the year versus last year. The U.S. team's execution drove improved margins in the segment, a 23% reduction in our own U.S. and Canada segment inventories, and a 20% reduction in U.S. retail inventories. In the International segment, absent a negative foreign exchange impact of $98 million, net revenues grew 1%. As reported, net revenues were $1.78 billion, down 4%, versus $1.86 billion in 2011. The results in this segment reflect 8% growth in Latin America offset by a decline in Europe and Asia Pacific. Revenues in the emerging markets grew 16%, driven by strong double-digit growth in Brazil and Russia. Internationally, the Games and Preschool categories were flat, while Boys and Girls declined. Operating profit in the International segment decreased $55.1 million to $215.5 million or 12.1% of revenues compared to $270.6 million or 14.5% of revenues in 2011. The decline in operating profit primarily reflects our geographic mix of revenues. Our emerging markets posted strong growth, representing a higher percentage of the segment. But they currently carry lower profit margins, while our more profitable developed markets declined as a percentage of the total. The Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased $19.2 million or 12% to $181.4 million compared to $162.2 million in 2011. In 2012, the segment benefited from increased sales of television content in all formats, including global television distribution, digital distribution and home entertainment. This was offset by year-over-year declines in movie-related revenue, including lower revenues from licensed product primarily associated with the third Transformers motion picture in 2011. For the full year 2012, the Entertainment and Licensing segment reported 24% operating profit growth to $53.2 million compared to $42.8 million in 2011. Operating profit growth was the result of higher revenues and improved expense leverage. In 2012, we recorded $47.2 million of pretax restructuring charges. From a segment basis, substantially all of these charges are in corporate expenses. And looking at the income statement, approximately $2.8 million of these charges were recorded in cost of sales; $10.9 million in product development; and the majority, $33.5 million, is in SD&A. 2011 also included restructuring charges of $6.8 million in product development and $7.6 million in SD&A. The following discussion excludes charges for both years. For the company overall, cost of sales for the full year was $1.67 billion or 40.8% of revenues compared to $1.84 billion or 42.8% of revenues in 2011. The year-over-year improvement came primarily from improved inventory management in our operating segments and favorable product mix. From an expense standpoint, total operating expenses were $1.82 billion or 44.5% of revenues compared to $1.84 billion or 43% of revenues last year. Full year program production amortization totaled $41.8 million versus $35.8 million last year. This was in line with our expected range of $40 million to $50 million for 2012. Royalties declined to $302.1 million or 7.4% of revenues for the full year versus $339.2 million and 7.9% of revenues in 2011. This reflects strong global growth in Marvel during 2012 but was more than offset by lower sales of other royalty-bearing entertainment properties. In 2011, we had nearly $1 billion of sales from the third Transformers film and Beyblade. Our advertising-to-revenue ratio increased in 2012 to 10.3% versus 9.7% in 2011, consistent with our stated plan to increase our investment in advertising in the U.S. SD&A of $813.9 million was essentially flat with last year and totaled 19.9% of revenues. Last year's SD&A reflected approximately $30 million of lower-than-expected compensation expense. In 2012, we gained about half of that amount back, which was mostly offset by the favorable impact of foreign exchange. Looking below operating profit, other expense net was $7.2 million in 2012 versus $18.6 million in 2011. Our 50% share of The Hub is included on this line on the P&L. For 2012, our share of the earnings in The Hub was a loss of $6 million compared to a loss of $7.3 million a year ago. 2012's lower total other expense reflects investment gains versus losses in 2011 and lower foreign currency losses this year versus last. Our underlying tax rate in 2012 was 27% compared to an underlying tax rate of 26.2% last year. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. Hasbro has generated $2.2 billion in operating cash flow over the past 5 years, and we've used that cash to strategically invest in expanding our global footprint and capabilities across several long-term growth opportunities, including the emerging markets and Entertainment and Licensing. During that time, we've also paid $731 million to shareholders through our dividend program and spent $1.6 billion in share repurchases. In 2012, our business generated operating cash flow of $534.8 million, ahead of our annual target of $500 million. 2012 television programming spend totaled $59.3 million. And at year end, cash totaled $849.7 million compared to $641.7 million a year ago and $696.7 million at the end of the third quarter. In 2012, we returned $225.5 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend program, including $46.6 million associated with the accelerated payment of our historical February dividend, which we paid in December. Excluding the accelerated dividend payment, our payout ratio in 2012 was approximately 53%, slightly above our stated 45% to 50% target. In 2013, we anticipate one less dividend payment given that February 2013 payment was paid in December 2012. Today, we announced the ninth increase in our dividend in the last 10 years. The new quarterly dividend rate is $0.40 per share, up 11% or $0.04 from the previous rate. This increase continues to reflect the confidence management and our board have in Hasbro over the long term. In 2012, we also spent $100 million on share repurchases, buying back 2.7 million shares at an average price of $37.11. At year-end, $127.3 million remained available in the current share repurchase authorization. Receivables at year-end were $1 billion, consistent with last year. DSOs were 72 days, up 2 days versus 2011, reflecting growth in emerging markets with longer terms, in particular, Latin America. We continue to lower inventories this past quarter, ending the year with $316 million in inventory, down from $334 million in 2011. We ended the year with lower inventories in the U.S. and Canada, partially offset by higher levels of inventories overseas in support of our expanding emerging markets, including a new warehouse in Russia. Depreciation for 2012 was $99.7 million and CapEx was $112.1 million. We enter 2013 in a strong financial position, as we are leveraging recent investments across our business. Our cost-savings initiatives will not only lower our overall cost structure but strategically align our organization's efforts with our most significant opportunities. This focus will help us drive profitable growth for Hasbro and enhance shareholder value over the long term. I'd like to now turn the call back to Brian before we take your questions.
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Deb. Before we take your questions, you may have noticed we have not provided guidance for the coming year. Everyone at Hasbro globally is focused on delivering profitable growth year-in and year-out for the long term. We believe this focus will result in delivering compelling long-term total shareholder returns as we have provided over the last decade. We are not, however, going to be providing annual guidance on revenues and EPS going forward. We will, however, continue to work hard to communicate to you our strategy, our milestones and the progress we are making in our evolution towards becoming a world-class branded play company. With that, Deb, David and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sean McGowan with Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Number one, could you give us a sense, more detail, on U.S. point-of-sale movement in the quarter?
David D. R. Hargreaves: So I think, Sean, one of the things that we've said is that in the U.S., our shipments were down in the fourth quarter, I think about 6%, and we're clearly -- or for the year. And one of the things that we've done is we've reduced our retailer inventory by over $100 million during the year with our big 4 U.S. accounts. So I think it's clear that our POS was, therefore, down sort of significantly below than the reduction in our shipments in the U.S.
Brian D. Goldner: It was less then.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. The other thing in terms of the NPD data, one thing to note particularly in our Games business, Sean, is that Magic: The Gathering really doesn't appear in a lot of the NPD data because so much of that business is done through hobby shops and other channels of distribution. And so not only does NPD data get that in terms of sales, it also doesn't get that in terms of market share both for the Games business, as well as for the company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So is that how Games was able to, so far, outperform what NPD was suggesting?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, exactly. If you look at -- frankly, if you look at both trading card game business, according to NPD, as well as the Games business, and, frankly, as well as Hasbro, that's a big difference maker because NPD doesn't track all of the sales that we get, which is the predominant amount of sales that we get, and the expanding number of sales we get for Magic: The Gathering in the hobby channel.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then you mentioned better -- I think Deb mentioned better management and a favorable product mix as gross margin drivers. Can you give us some sense of what was the most important driver there?
Deborah M. Thomas: Sean, the most important driver was really better inventory management. By having lower inventory both at retail and our own inventory, it really drove down obsolescence costs and the other things that come with that. In addition to that, we did have some favorable product mix. As you recall, we have stated earlier in the year that we had taken some price increases on carryover product, and that helped with the margin on the carryover product. And our new product was well received at the price points that they were offered.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. The other thing, Sean, is in Games, our operating profit margin in Games is the highest that it's been in the last 8 years. So as I told you guys, as we talked about, as we were able to develop games across all these different formats with this expertise coming from the Gaming Center of Excellence, we are able to create games in any form or format and do that in a very profitable way. And so, obviously, with Games growing, that changes the mix profitably and favorably.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Last question, and I don't know if this is in any of the supplements you just provided, but can you tell us where these various charges are taken through up and down the P&L?
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. We do have that. Is that in the -- so in the P&L, let me just find that section, if you don't mind, for a moment. We have in cost of sales, $2.8 million; in product development, $10.9 million; and in SD&A, $33.5 million, for the total of $47.2 million.
Brian D. Goldner: Sean, that's in the -- one of the charts that we put out as part of the presentation, the last chart.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up and just to clarify your answer to Sean's question. So just want to understand, was your U.S. point-of-sales down more than the 6%?
David D. R. Hargreaves: No, less than. Because our shipments were in, we're down 6%, but we reduced our inventory in the trade by over $100 million. It means that our POS decline was substantially less than that.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Okay. And then are you saying that the Games POS was up if you include Magic?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we -- obviously, we don't get to track -- the tracking from hobby the same way we get the absolute sales and we know the sell-through. But we don't have NPD data for the Magic portion of the business. But we do know what the sales were overall, and we knew how the sellout went because we get that data in a different manner from our hobby channel.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then, Brian, in the -- you mentioned in your prepared remarks and you also showed in the slides that the retail inventories in the U.S. and Canada were down. I was just wondering if you can give us some color where they were internationally?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, the inventory in International markets and certain areas were up, frankly, because we're growing those businesses in emerging markets. We put into place and we talked to you guys about the fact that we have now our Russian warehouse where we're putting product in. The Russian business is one of our strongest growth businesses. In Brazil, we have warehousing and are shipping product direct. So those are areas where we're growing inventory. You want to comment?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes, but I think in the aggregate, we were certainly down in Australia, we were down in Mexico. I think we were down in Canada. Europe was a little bit of mixed, with some markets up. So in the aggregate, not only were we down $100-plus million in the U.S., but in the aggregate, I think our retail inventories were down at least $100 million.
Brian D. Goldner: Right. And then Hasbro's inventories, as you saw, were down.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Yes. And just final, maybe a bit of housekeeping. Just trying to understand, your tax rate was lower than expected despite the higher mix of U.S. sales in the quarter. So I was just wondering what drove that?
Deborah M. Thomas: We had a few discrete items, but our underlying rate was 26 point -- 27%.
Brian D. Goldner: So actually, it was up a bit versus a year ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I actually have 2 questions. First, you guys didn't talk very much about the Preschool segment, but while it's not the largest segment, it can move the needle. Can you talk about kind of your outlook for this segment? Because I think your nearest competitor maybe reported some more promising data. And then, do you guys have an outlook for when you think Hub turns positive? I think you said it was a $6 million loss that was flowing through.
Debbie Hancock: Yes, if you look at the Preschool business, we have a lot of positive elements there. The biggest difference in Preschool and why it was down was the year-on-year comparison for Sesame Street. The year prior, we had a very big Elmo program, and, this year, less so. If you look within PLAYSKOOL, the PLAYSKOOL HEROES line is among the fastest-growing action figure lines for Preschool, Boys, and with a number of brands there. Play-Doh performed quite well in the category, as well as some other PLAYSKOOL items. So the -- again, the biggest difference is Elmo. And we're looking forward to showing you the Sesame Street line for 2013 tomorrow, so we think we'll build that business back in 2013. In regard to The Hub, we made great progress. The Hub's now available in 72 million homes. Ratings are up quarter-on-quarter, the last 5 quarters. Ad sales up, affiliate fees up. So I just think it's a matter of a bit more time. But our studio, given the fact that we're selling shows both digitally, in television and as well as in home video, is profitable. And so again, it's just a matter of the amortization that drives the loss. If you took out the amortization, we'd actually be profitable. So it's just paying for the acquisition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Kelter with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the restructuring, and hoping you could help us with some of the major buckets of savings to come. And, I guess, part of the reason I ask, is the 10% reduction of the workforce could probably only account for around 1/3 of the $100 million projected savings. So where is the rest going to come from?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, Michael, the -- by 2015, on a full year basis, the reduction in workforce will account for over 1/2 of the savings. It's about $55 million, and we think it's at least $100 million in savings. And then, Deb, you can comment on the Other category.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure, and we will give more detail on this and more description tomorrow at our investor events. But our cost-savings initiative will come from facility consolidation with our warehousing and distribution facilities and some of our sales offices and some other process improvements that we're looking to achieve and some system enhancements as well. So like I said, we'll give more color on that tomorrow. But as Brian mentioned, the largest piece is coming from our headcount reductions.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And 10% of the workforce is something in the area of 600 people. So $55 million assumes about $100,000 per person. So that does that mean that we're going to be looking at some mid to upper-level management departures? Or is it -- or how is it that it's that much per person that you're saving?
Deborah M. Thomas: I think it's interesting when Brian made his comments today, he said that we reviewed the organization from top to bottom. So throughout the organization, we've looked at areas where, perhaps, we need to change out some skill sets from what we have today. And the 10% reduction is a reduction, but it's a net -- it will be a net number at the end of the day.
Brian D. Goldner: So, Michael, if you look over the period prior to this change from 2000 through 2012 prior to the restructuring, we've added hundreds of people around the world in all of our emerging markets, in sales and marketing organizations. We've also added the capabilities of television, licensing, digital gaming, you name it. But our headcount through the end of 2011 was flat to 2000. So, in fact, we've been redeploying resources, been changing out personnel and been very prudent about how we hire so that we're able to add skill sets, new talent, while we've also had departures of personnel. This is ensuring that we get to lower level of overall costs given the changing environment and our need to go out and get some new and additional skill sets as we continue to drive for long-term growth.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then a couple of the more senior executives, there was a press release yesterday, have switched roles. Can you maybe help us with what your intention is there?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, one thing is that Wiebe Tinga has a 25-year history with Hasbro. He has run several of the major regions for the company. He was very instrumental, working with David in building our teams in Latin America, building our teams in Asia Pacific, has run Northern European business, and, most recently, ran the North American business and helped us to get back to the historic levels of operating profit margin and a better partnership with our retailers in a 1-year period. We also brought an executive down from Canada who had been running our Canadian business named Michael Hogg, and he's now running the U.S. business. So that -- those are the changes in the sales and marketing by regions. And now the 4 regions around the world selling will report to Wiebe, our Chief Commercial Officer. David, you want to talk about what you're doing?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I think in terms of what I'm going to be doing, clearly, Michael, as you know, our industry is changing pretty rapidly. Our industry hasn't been growing recently in the developed economies around the world. At the same time, the emerging markets are growing very rapidly. In fact, the Asia Pacific market is now larger than the U.S. market. And then we've got things like, it's an ever-increasing proportion of toys driven by entertainment. And we've got tablets, which are really in great demand by children now, which are giving both a challenge and an opportunity through our brands. So I think what we've decided we need to do is we need to -- given all this rapid change, we need to be much more focused on understanding and much more proactive in reacting to these challenges and opportunities. And that's what I'm going to spend most of my time doing.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And very lastly, I just want to ask about the inventories, which sales missed your own expectations by a decent amount in the fourth quarter, but yet you didn't end up with a large amount of inventory on the books. So, I guess, I'm just trying to understand where the extra product that you would've manufactured to meet your initial expectations, where did that product end up?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, I think with $316 million inventory on our books at the end of the year, we certainly could have shipped another $100 million or so if it had materialized. Obviously, we try and react as quickly as possible when we see sales aren't coming. So and I think as far as the retailer inventories, I think we've said in our first quarter call, second quarter call and third quarter call, we've repeatedly said that retailer inventories were low. So they were very low coming into the third, fourth quarter. And therefore, a bit of a shortfall in POS that we weren't expecting hasn't meant that they've ended up with excessive inventories by any regard.
Brian D. Goldner: Michael, if you go back several years, it used to be the fact that it would take in supply chain about 16 weeks to get it from the Orient. And today it's, in a just-in-time world, we're much closer to 6 weeks. And, obviously, that enables us to flex up-and-down production and to take and go after hot sellers and to dial down on things that may not be selling. And so as we said, as we saw the POS declines from about Thanksgiving to right before Christmas that, that was an area where I think retailers are increasingly concerned about the POS and about that last turn of inventory. And then we did see great POS, a very strong growth year-on-year in the last part of the year. Someone on CNBC said maybe the fiscal cliff wiped Santa Claus from the front page. And I think that's a bit of the case. And so that helped us to sell down our inventory at retail, and yet we didn't get that last turn of inventory that we might have shipped in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up on a couple of previous questions. Number one would be related to the restructuring charges. You outlined what you expect for '13 and then said that, obviously, there'd be quite a bit more in '14. How much did you realize in savings in the fourth quarter? Clearly, I think there was some headcount reductions going on in that. How much of the savings did -- accrued in the fourth quarter from the overall program that you just implemented?
Deborah M. Thomas: None.
Brian D. Goldner: None in 2012.
Deborah M. Thomas: None in 2012.
Brian D. Goldner: And, Tim, and so for 2013, we're saying we could save $15 million to $25 million, but we'll also have some additional costs maybe in the $20 million to $30 million range.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. Okay, that helps. And then on the Games & Puzzles POS -- and, again, not to beat this to death, but you said you -- obviously, you know what NPD is. And then you mentioned that the channel is not tracked by NPD, but you have a pretty good idea from other sources, both -- so putting those 2 together, Brian, what was U.S. Games, your -- your overall POS in the U.S.?
Brian D. Goldner: In the U.S., looking there, that's flat.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So for '12, as a whole, you were flat in Games & Puzzles?
Brian D. Goldner: No. Games was down. Games in the -- if you take the POS for the part of Games that we have POS data for, it was down a bit.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I think Brian said that the problem is that one of our highest growth Games spend this year was Magic: The Gathering. We'll talk about -- more about that tomorrow, but it's been really doing great growth for us. But the trouble is that Magic: The Gathering is sold predominantly through hobby shops. And therefore -- and we don't get the POS information from the hobby shops that we get from the likes of Walmart and Target and Toys"R"Us, but neither do NPD or does anyone else. So no one can really track that. I think what we're saying is that, clearly, we believe that our Games shipments worldwide have been up. We know that our Games inventories at retail are down. So, on a global basis, we clearly believe that our POS is up on Games.
Brian D. Goldner: And we know what our sellout is, Magic: The Gathering, Wizards of the Coast knows what its sellout is at the hobby shops because of reorders.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. So, globally, everything on Games up, is what you're saying?
Brian D. Goldner: That's right.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then maybe this is a better question for tomorrow. Should we anticipate anything in the new area that's been pretty hot, obviously, in the overall Games area, the infinity type of genre?
Brian D. Goldner: We're working on games across a number of different platforms. We are going to -- we'll talk about a number of different initiatives that we have in Games. This year, we're launching a number of different brands, including off-the-board games, as well as a totally different way to think about action battling, which has been a great category for us, launching a new brand there. And over time, we'll be able to show you a lot of new platforms that we have for games. But certainly tomorrow, we are going to talk about certain new Games brands and ideas that we are launching in Games.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Mike Swartz with SunTrust.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Could you maybe, just talking about your cost savings, did you say if you were reinvesting as far as the $15 million to $25 million you expect in 2013? Will that be reinvested or is that expected to fall at the bottom line?
Brian D. Goldner: That's savings. So all we were saying is we had $20 million to $30 million in additional expense as we work through this program, and then $15 million to $25 million savings.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that would be a gross number?
Brian D. Goldner: Correct.
Deborah M. Thomas: Correct. And the reason why we have these costs is largely due to our voluntary retirement program. Depending on how many people choose certain types of payments out of that program, we could have some pension costs that come through the year. And that's predominantly why we have such a large range on the cost side. And until it happens, we can't determine exactly what that'll be.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just maybe on your comments around SKU rationalization. Do you expect the pace of that to accelerate in 2013, or is that going to be a meaningful difference versus 2012? And then are there any categories in particular where you're focused on rationalizing?
Brian D. Goldner: Right. We're really focused on growing our brands with the most global potential. Our franchise brands and partner brands, we have a number of challenger brands and we'll talk about what those brands are tomorrow. Obviously, there are elements within our business, like we've talked the tale of the Games business that aren't key and critical to growing our business and don't have the same awareness or interest globally. And so we're focusing on those brands that have the greatest potential and the greatest opportunity to execute them across our entire brand blueprint. Year-on-year, this is 2012 versus 2011, we reduced SKUs by 16%. And our overall target, which we'll talk about certainly a lot more tomorrow, is to reduce SKUs by an additional 30% and our items by about 40%. And we'll talk about the difference between an item and a SKU tomorrow. I'll walk you through some of our development process.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's an additional 30 SKUs...
Brian D. Goldner: No, 30%.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Sorry, an additional 30% versus what you've already cut out?
Brian D. Goldner: Correct. Our total for the period will then be a reduction of 30%.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Your cash balance, $850 million. How much of that is overseas? How much in the U.S.?
Deborah M. Thomas: The -- a significant portion is overseas. There's probably about less than $10 million in the U.S.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And Furby, was Furby a global launch back in 1998, or was that just English-speaking markets?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Ultimately, it became a global launch, so you're going to catch me out which year. I have to go back and...
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: It's okay, year doesn't matter. But people globally know Furby from the last year.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. We sold 40 million Furbys way back the first time, and it was probably equally as hot and -- in Europe and some other markets as it was in the U.S.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. How many of them did you sell this year?
Brian D. Goldner: We didn't really report that. But we sold it in English-speaking -- in 2012 in English-speaking countries. And this year it rolls out and will be distributed in several languages and globally.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. One more. Earlier, David said that there was $100 million worth of inventory that could have shipped in 2012 if demand had materialized. Now how much of that $100 million is sellable at full price now that we're in '12, '13?
David D. R. Hargreaves: We've got very good quality of inventory. We ended up with $316 million of inventory on our books. That's certainly down versus a year ago, and it's down versus 2 years ago. But it's probably still up versus 3 years ago. So, certainly, if our retailers had come back and said, Look, sales are robust, we need more inventory. We could have shipped it. Most of it is a good quality of inventory. As Deb said, we -- because of the quality of our inventory, we took far less in terms of markdowns, closeouts, obsolescence this year-end than we had in past year-ends. So it's predominantly very good inventory, which will sell as we go into this year.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, and if you -- Gerrick, just talking about operating profit, if you look at the U.S. and Canada segment, the operating profit for the U.S. and Canada segment increased by 76% to nearly $90 million in the quarter. So it's really returning that business to higher levels of operating profit, spending less in shipping allowances and other markdowns and other liability inventory.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Maybe one more, if I could slip it in. One Direction, is that a worldwide license or just North America, U.S.?
Brian D. Goldner: It's worldwide but not the U.K.
Operator: There's no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. We look forward to seeing many of you tomorrow at our Toy Fair event. If you can't join us in person, the webcast to the event will begin at 8 a.m., and the replay will be available several hours after the live webcast concludes. Thank you, and have a good night.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Phil Anderson - Longbow Research LLC Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter earnings release was issued earlier this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, also available on our website are presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Please note that during today's call, whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer, will review our third quarter financial results and discuss important factors impacting our performance. Following their statements, David Hargreaves, Hasbro's Chief Operating Officer, will join Brian and Deb to field your questions. Before we begin, please note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro's management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance, including expectations for revenues and EPS in 2012. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosure. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As early as November of last year, we communicated with you several key objectives for 2012, including growing revenues and earnings per share for the full year absent the impact of foreign exchange, returning the U.S. and Canada segment to historical operating profit margins, executing globally by leveraging our investments in new and emerging markets, stabilizing our Games business and positioning it for growth in 2013 and beyond and growing our Girls business. Nine months into the year, we are delivering on these objectives, and we believe we are well positioned to achieve them for the full year 2012 in a challenging environment. Now as we enter the holiday season, it's all about new Hasbro and partner initiatives across brands, categories and geographies, including reimagined and completely new brands. Furby is one of the most exciting new initiatives for the holiday season and is off to a great start. The team did a tremendous job reimagining this brand for today's consumers by integrating innovative new technologies with a great all-new personality that develops depending on how you interact with your Furby. For more interactive fun, you can download the free app to virtually feed Furby and access a FURBISH to English dictionary. Furby is available in English-speaking markets this holiday season and will ship globally in 2013. Backed by 2 tremendously successful films, we have seen good momentum with our Marvel products throughout 2012. Similar to how we are building Hasbro brand franchises, we partnered with Marvel to expand into new categories, including Games and Preschool and to execute across markets globally. We have the innovative new items for the holiday for both Marvel's The Avengers and The Amazing Spider-Man. In addition to Furby and our Marvel line, we believe we have the strongest holiday line in a number of years, including great new products from brands like FurReal Friends, Baby Alive, My Little Pony, Littlest Pet Shop, One Direction, Nerf, Koosh, Beyblade, Transformers, PLAYSKOOL and Play-Doh. You can see many of these initiatives on Page 5 of the presentation. As with toys, our Games line for the holiday 2012 is the strongest it has been in years. The Hasbro brands and innovative platforms created by our new games team come together for the first time this holiday season. We completely reimagined Twister as Twister Dance, and it's off to a strong start. An entirely new Lazer Tag is delivering live laser combat integrated with your iPhone and iPod. Within our Monopoly brand, the Monopoly Millionaire game is all-new and the first to $1 million wins. This summer, we launched Kaijudo: Rise of the Duel Masters, an all-new brand from Wizards of the Coast. Kaijudo features an online battle game, trading card game, an online trading card game and a television series airing in the U.S. on The Hub TV Network. We have also established new partnerships in the gaming space, which are coming to retail this fourth quarter, along with Rovio Entertainment and Lucasfilm, we recently announced a line of games and toys based on ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS. Also, our new line of Zynga games, including Words With Friends, CityVille and Draw Something, is available for the holidays. Leading up to the holiday and as we execute 2012, we have reemphasized building a consumer-centric organization and executional plan. This starts by having the right brands with innovation based on great consumer insights, ensuring the right inventories at retail when the consumer is shopping and partnering with our retailers to develop integrated marketing campaigns. This is our model for future years. In the U.S. and Canada segment, we set the objective to return to historical levels of operating profit margins for the full year 2012. Year-to-date, we are on track, posting an operating profit margin of 15.2% versus 13.7% last year and reaching 19.9% in the third quarter. To drive demand in the fourth quarter, we are increasing our U.S. media support by 30% to 40% across TV, digital and social media. Internationally, our business is more global than ever. Our investments in emerging markets are delivering growth in many new countries, including Brazil, Peru, Chile, Colombia, Turkey and Russia. Overall, our growth internationally, absent foreign exchange, was more modest this quarter as mature economies in Spain and France are facing challenging economic environments. For the quarter, we again grew revenues in Latin America, which increased 9% as reported. European revenues were flat absent the negative impact of foreign exchange, while Asia Pacific declined due primarily to Australia. Many international markets face difficult comparisons against very strong Transformers and Beyblade shipments last year. Throughout 2012, our category performance has been impacted by the later shipment pattern in the U.S. Beginning in the third quarter, our new initiatives are starting to have a positive impact. As we highlighted all year, the Boys category has challenging comparisons with last year. Despite very strong performance from Marvel, including Marvel The Avengers and The Amazing Spider-Man, the comparisons with Transformers and Beyblade are difficult. Also, we have expanded the reach of many of our traditionally boys-only brands to outside the Boys category. We now have strong Marvel, Star Wars and Transformers initiatives in both the Preschool and Games categories. For the third quarter, the Girls category posted very strong growth, increasing 17% as Furby, My Little Pony, Easy-Bake and One Direction all contributed to growth year-over-year. Within key brands, Baby Wanna Walk from Baby Alive, as well as Baby Butterscotch and BOUNCY, MY HAPPY TO SEE ME PUP, both from FurReal Friends, are off to a good start. All year, we have remained positive toward our goal of growing the Girls category given the strength of our line for the holiday. The third quarter reinforced this optimism. Also in line with the objective we set at the beginning of the year, our Games category is stabilizing, posting flat revenues in the third quarter, and the team is positioning us for growth in 2013 and beyond. In addition to continued strong performance from Magic: The Gathering, we had several successful game launches this year within Boys Action Gaming, as well as with Battleship. On shelves for the holiday, Lazer Tag and Twister contributed to the category in the third quarter. We also began shipping ahead of the fourth quarter launch for both our ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS and Hasbro's Zynga games. For the Preschool category, the brand expansion I spoke to is evident in the growth of our PLAYSKOOL HEROES line. Also within Preschool, we launched all-new Koosh blasters and PLAYSKOOL ROCKTIVITY while delivering growth in Play-Doh. In comparison to last year, the third quarter 2011 had significant shipments for the initial launch of our Sesame Street line. Looking across categories, as we execute our branded play blueprint, content for both television and films is helping us build Hasbro's global brand franchises. Television is driving brands, including Transformers Prime and Rescue Bots, as well as My Little Pony. Hasbro Studios shows are airing in more than 170 countries worldwide and on a number of home entertainment and digital distribution platforms around the world. In the U.S., The Hub continues to make significant gains in distribution and ratings. As of the third quarter, The Hub's distribution had increased significantly and is now in more than 70 million households, making it one of the fastest-growing networks year-to-date among all cable TV networks in terms of distribution games. Ratings also continued to grow and in the third quarter was the best in the network's history, posting a 62% increase year-over-year and a 28% increase versus the second quarter 2012 in kids 2 to 11, representing the strongest growth among all kids' cable TV networks. As we look to 2013, the global entertainment slate we're developing per product is deep and broad, with several major films and continued global television support for Hasbro brand and our partners' brands. First, G.I. JOE: RETALIATION is expected in March 2013 in 3D with our partners at Paramount. In May, Iron Man 3 in 3D from Marvel Studios is scheduled for release, as well as STAR TREK from Paramount. Twentieth Century Fox is planning to release The Wolverine in July, and Marvel Studios has scheduled Thor: The Dark World in 3D for November. Lucasfilm is also releasing in 3D Star Wars in Episode II and Episode III in September and October, respectively. Additionally, from Hasbro and Universal, Ouija is scheduled for release next year. As we continue developing Hasbro brands globally in 2013 and beyond, we have a number of television programs slated for next year, including Transformers Prime and Rescue Bots, Kaijudo, My Little Pony and Littlest Pet Shop. Marvel has new programming for Ultimate Spider-Man, Hulk and the Agents of SMASH and Marvel's Avengers Assemble, premiering in 2013. And Lucasfilm continues a successful Clone Wars series. Working with our partners at Nelvana and d-rights, Beyblade has all-new animation planned tied to new brand innovation and new entertainment to help ensure Beyblade remains a vital and evergreen part of our Boys portfolio. In closing, our focus this fourth quarter is on delivering on our objectives for 2012. It all comes down to connecting with consumers and ensuring they give more Hasbro toys and games this holiday season than last year. And we believe we have the brands and the marketing support to achieve that goal in the fourth quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas: Thank you, and good morning. As you'll recall, beginning last November, we said our plan for this year was that it would come later, and as Brian outlined, we are on track with our plan for 2012. In many markets, the economic environment is challenging, but we are entering the all-important fourth quarter with innovative products, leading brands and a higher level of consumer marketing programs that are just beginning to be executed. In the third quarter, net revenues increased 1% in constant dollars. Including a negative $47.4 million impact from foreign exchange, third quarter worldwide net revenues as reported were $1.35 billion versus $1.38 billion last year. Operating profit for the quarter was $249.6 million or 18.6% of revenues compared to operating profit of $248.1 million or 18% of revenues in the third quarter 2011. Net earnings for the third quarter 2012 were $164.9 million or $1.24 per diluted share. This compares to net earnings of $171 million or $1.27 per diluted share last year. Absent foreign exchange translation, net earnings were essentially flat year-over-year, and EPS was up $0.01 to $1.28 per share versus last year. Cash grew year-over-year to $696.7 million on $143.6 million of operating cash flow year-to-date and $538.6 million in operating cash flow over the past 12 months. We remain in a strong cash position to fund our business and continue returning cash to our shareholders. Looking at the third quarter 2012 results by segment. The U.S. and Canada segment is on track with our plan to return to historical levels of operating profit. Net revenues in this segment in this quarter were $774.5 million, up 1% versus $764.6 million in 2011. We continue to partner with our retailers to align our shipments with consumer demand. As a result, current retail inventories in the U.S. were down, decreasing approximately 22% from last year despite new shipments for the holiday season. With our new holiday items now shipping, the growth in Games category grew in the quarter and were partially offset by a decline in the Boys category and a decline in the Preschool category, which faced tough comparisons against last year's initial Sesame Street launch. As I mentioned, the U.S. and Canada segment is on track to return to historical operating profit margins for the year. In the quarter, operating profit increased 20% to $154.2 million and an operating profit margin of 19.9%. This compares to last year's third quarter operating profit of $128.8 million or 16.8% of revenues. The improvement in operating profit was a result of higher gross margins due to product mix and lower overall expenses, partially offset by higher advertising spend. Third quarter 2012 International segment net revenues grew 1% absent a negative foreign exchange impact of $47.1 million. The International segment revenue as reported was $524.1 million, down 7% versus $563.3 million last year. Latin America again posted growth in the quarter, increasing 9% year-over-year. Absent foreign exchange, Europe was essentially flat year-over-year, and Asia Pacific declined in the quarter. Our global footprint is bigger today than it was a few years ago. Growth in emerging markets helps provide support to offset the challenges facing some mature markets. From a product category standpoint, in the International segment, the Games and Preschool categories were flat, while the Boys and Girls categories declined. Operating profit in the International segment decreased $15.2 million to $85.5 million or 16.3% of revenues. Excluding foreign exchange translation, operating profit decreased by $8.1 million, primarily due to lower expense levels in the third quarter 2011 due to the timing of when certain expenses were incurred last year. This should normalize on a full year basis. The Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues decreased 7% to $43.1 million compared to $46.3 million in 2011. The segment continues to benefit from increasing sales of television content in all formats, including global television distribution, digital distribution and home entertainment. This was offset by year-over-year declines in movie-related revenue, including lower revenues from licensed product associated with the third Transformers motion picture and a onetime movie payment of $5 million received in the third quarter last year. For the third quarter 2012, the Entertainment and Licensing segment reported an operating profit of $10.7 million versus $15.3 million in 2011. The decline in operating profit reflects the profit impact of the onetime payment received in 2011. For the company overall, cost of sales for the quarter was $586.5 million or 43.6% of revenues versus $599.5 million, which was also 43.6% of revenues last year. From an expense standpoint, total operating expenses declined to $509 million or 37.8% of revenues versus $528.2 million or 38.4% last year. Program production amortization in the quarter totaled $12.8 million versus $7.8 million last year. Year-to-date in 2012, our expense totaled $26 million. We continue to experience lower-than-expected program production amortization due to our current expectations of ultimate revenues in the current mix of programming. For the full year 2012, we now expect program production amortization to be in the $40 million to $50 million range. As we continue to gain production efficiencies, we anticipate spending less on programming from a cash standpoint and now expect cash spend to be in the $50 million to $60 million range for the current year. Third quarter 2012 royalties were 6.6% of revenues compared to 7.9% of revenues in 2011. This reflects strong global growth in Marvel this year but was more than offset by lower sales of other royalty-bearing entertainment properties. For the full year 2012, we anticipate royalties to be in the 7% to 8% of revenue range. Our advertising-to-revenue ratio in the third quarter was 10% versus 9.5% in 2011, consistent with our stated plan to increase our investment in advertising in 2012. For the full year, we continue to anticipate advertising in the 10% to 11% range. SD&A of $210.9 million decreased $9.3 million year-over-year, primarily due to foreign exchange. As a percentage of revenues, SD&A was 15.7% versus 16% in 2011. We continue to target SD&A to be approximately 20% of revenues for the full year 2012. Moving below operating profit. Other expense was $1.6 million in the third quarter of 2012 versus $4.1 million in 2011. Our 50% share of The Hub is included on this line in the P&L. For the third quarter 2012, our share of the earnings in The Hub was a loss of $1.8 million compared to a loss of $1.5 million a year ago. We continue to expect The Hub's impact for the full year 2012 to be in line with 2011 levels. Our underlying tax rate in 2012 was 26.6% compared to an underlying tax rate of 25.1% through the third quarter last year. We expect our full year tax rate to be in line with the third quarter's 26.6% rate versus the 2011 full year underlying rate of 26.2%. Turning to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $696.7 million compared to $187 million a year ago and $779.9 million at the end of the second quarter. For the trailing 12 months, operating cash flow of $538.6 million includes $61.6 million in television programming costs over the period. We continue to return cash to shareholders through our quarterly dividend program, and in the third quarter, we paid $46.9 million in cash dividends to our shareholders. Over the past 12 months, our dividend payout has been approximately 50% of net earnings during that period. After repurchasing approximately $5 million worth of shares in the third quarter, $212.2 million remained available at quarter end under our current share repurchase authorization. As we discussed earlier in the year, our repurchases have been more modest in 2012, especially during the periods with lower cash generation for our business. We continue to repurchase shares opportunistically in the open market. The quality of our receivables portfolio is good, and receivables at quarter end were $1.2 billion versus $1.26 billion last year and $651.4 million at the end of the second quarter. DSOs were down 2 days versus last year to 80 days. DSO improvement this year is the result of the timing of shipments and improved collections. Inventory levels at quarter end were down $55.4 million or 11% year-over-year to $463.4 million compared to $518.9 million a year ago and $416.9 million at the end of the second quarter. Declines in the U.S. and Canada segment inventories were partially offset by higher international inventory, supporting our expanded international operations. Depreciation and capital expenditures for the quarter were $31.4 million and $24.8 million, respectively. With 3 quarters behind us, we've made progress toward reaching our objectives for the year. But as Brian stated, the fourth quarter is where it all comes together. We know we have great products, strong marketing campaigns and a focus on quality execution. As a result, we continue to believe we can grow revenue and earnings per share absent the impact of foreign exchange for the full year 2012, including a modest increase in operating profit margins. Our objective remains to grow operating profit faster than revenues in future years. Brian, David and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Mike Swartz of SunTrust.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on the -- I guess, on the Games business. Could you maybe provide us some more color just around your commentary on stabilization this year and then reverting to growth in 2013 and beyond? I guess, what do your plans call for as far as category growth?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, if you look at the Games business for the full year 2012, we do expect to stabilize the business. We're focused on a number of new initiatives in the Games category, our own brands as well as some partner brands. Our expectation really stems from the fact that some of our new initiatives are off to a great start. So as we look year-on-year at new initiatives and POS growth for those new initiatives, they're up strongly, double digits. Also, the continued success of Magic: The Gathering as a brand, Hasbro's own brands and then we're beginning to launch ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS, beginning to launch the Zynga brands, the continuation of our Boys Action Gaming as a category, which has been successful throughout the year, Monopoly and Lazer Tag, as well as Twister, some of our own brands come into the season as well. So overall, our expectation is that we would stabilize the Games business this year and position us for growth in 2013 and beyond.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Great. And I guess, maybe just looked at another way, I mean, if POS in the Games category, just kind of category-wide, continues to decline next year, I mean, would you still expect to be able to grow?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think if you look overall, our inventory in the Games business at retail is down 39% and yet POS on legacy games is down far less than that. And so we feel that we're well positioned with the new games initiatives, especially given the early traction we're seeing for those, particularly as we move into the U.S. business, where it's been particularly pronounced as an issue. The momentum we also have in our Magic: The Gathering business, the new launch of the Kaijudo brand, which is a brand-new brand from the Wizards of the Coast folks, all points us in a very positive direction in the Games business overall.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Margaret Whitfield with Sterne Agee.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if I could get more color on the declines -- the level of declines you're seeing for Beyblades and Transformers and especially, what is the outlook for Beyblades. And what kind of point-of-sale activity are you seeing for those 2 brands?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, Margaret, Beyblade has held up very well year-to-date. If you take total year, year-to-date, our POS has held up relatively well. Obviously, it's done better in the U.S. from a POS standpoint than some of our European markets where the comps were particularly challenging. But overall, Beyblade is beating the trends, the averages one would expect in the Boys Action category following a phenomenal year. Part of that has to do with the amount of new innovation that we've put into the Beyblade business, the BEYWHEELZ category that's also supported in animation. Something that we learned from the first time around in Beyblade was to reinvent the brand as we move forward, and you'll see additional reinvention next year, 2013, and new animation and a whole new segment of product. So again, beating the trends in Beyblade, and we feel very good about that brand going forward. That's a great brand. It sits alongside of great Marvel brands that have performed quite well this year. Obviously, Transformers is performing kind of on par with one -- what one would expect, as we start to get momentum. We're seeing good momentum in the TV-supported product lines around the world, and the fact that Transformers is on the air in television in 170 countries around the world bodes well for us. So overall, we're just up against some big comps. If you take Beyblade and Transformers collectively together, the numbers that we reported to you but taken together, we did $961 million in those 2 brands a year ago. And so in the Boys business, we've made a lot of progress. Marvel is certainly contributing significantly to that progress, but those are big comps. And particularly in certain categories, particularly in the international market, in Europe in particular, where the Beyblade business performed exceedingly well in the third quarter last year.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So do you think the Boys category overall can grow this year given those difficult comps?
Brian D. Goldner: No, I think that what we've said is we believe we're going to grow overall this year. We're going to grow revenues and EPS absent FX. That's been our guidance, we believe that. I think the comps are challenging, but we're also seeing great momentum in our Preschool business and our Girls business. If you look at Preschool, our POS is up double digits. Our Girls business, our POS in the third quarter was up single digits. There is some timing issues related to last year's third quarter where we launched Sesame Street. But if you look across a lot of our categories, we have a lot of great new innovation. We do have a lot of great new innovation in the Boys business, including in Nerf and several of our boys action brands. But it's a challenging comp. I'm not going to commit to growth this year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Brian, you touched on point of sales a little bit. Just more granularly, just wondering overall, what point of sales look like domestically, internationally and then just in the quarter that is. And then, in Games, I just wasn't clear. I thought you -- point of sales in Games, did you say it was -- can you just repeat what you said that was in the quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Sure, yes. Overall, our point of sale is down a bit, really driven by the Games decline in POS. What I said was our POS decline in Games was far less than our inventory decline thus far. Then I said our new Games initiatives that as we compare new initiatives this year to year ago is up double digits. So we're getting a lot of new innovation in our Games business is what we have all strived for as we put the Gaming Center of Excellence together a year ago. Then, what we're seeing, obviously, our Boys POS is down a bit and our Girls POS is up and Preschool is up even more strongly than Girls.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And then just on the Games business, you said in the release you shipped the Zynga's -- particularly the ANGRY BIRDS -- the Star Wars ANGRY BIRDS a little bit early. Just wondering, did that have an impact on your Games business? So in other words, excluding the Zynga, would have you seen Games grow in the -- or flat Games in the quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: We shipped a bit of -- we're just sort of highlighting the fact that November 9, we're launching ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS, and we shipped a bit of inventory in the quarter. We did for several of our new initiatives. That's not special, related to the fourth quarter activity. I'm not going to start to slice and dice by every product category. I think, overall, everyone should be heartened to the idea that games was flat in the quarter. We've said all along that we believe we would stabilize games this year. That's consistent with our broad guidance we've provided. I feel very good about the number of new initiatives we have in the Games category this fourth quarter. I think the team has done a phenomenal job, both in Hasbro-owned brands, as well as in some great partner brands. We also shipped Zynga brands in the quarter. We have some launches going on around Words With Friends, and you'll see CityVille and FarmVille as well. So lots of new games product out there, and you'll start to see a lot of the displays come into retail and great retailer support for our new games initiatives across the board. So overall, I would say, we're well positioned for the fourth quarter.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, as you -- you gave us a nice presentation. You gave some color there in terms of how you were thinking about the rest of the year. In terms of revenues, just wanted to double check, are you still guiding to a 2- to 4-point revenue shift? Because if that is the case, that implies a mid-teens revenue growth in the fourth quarter, so I just wanted to check that.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think what I would ask you to look at is if you look at the year, obviously, we do continue to expect our year to come later with fourth quarter being bigger than third in terms of revenues and EPS. If you look at the U.S. and Canada segment, it continues to be on track for greater revenue percentages in the second half. I would get you to look at a 2% to 4% growth range versus last year's revenue split, which was 63% in the second half. And we had that in our 10-K in the second quarter, which is -- I would compare it to year-ago revenue, so low end of the range of 2% to 4% growth versus last year's revenue.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Final question, if you could just elaborate. You touched on a little bit in the prepared remarks, I think Deb did, you've been reducing your program production spend over the past several quarters. Deb said it was due to efficiencies. Can you just elaborate more on that?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, what we're saying is the amortization has come down because the ultimate revenue expectation has gone up is one big driver of that. So as we look at our ultimate revenue expectation for our programming, because of the performance we've had on television, because of our digital distribution performance and the revenues now we expect to get from that programming across merchandising, as well as program sales, the amortization comes down.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. But you've also been reducing your program production cash spend.
Brian D. Goldner: Okay, yes, and the cash spend really has to do with when you have successful TV series. In fact, Hasbro Studios TV shows outperformed other TV shows on The Hub by 74% in ratings. We're 4 of the top 10 shows on the network right now. So as you look at great performance of TV shows, you're able to produce fewer episodes and subsequent series than you needed to produce in the earlier series. If you're -- you know kids love watching the episodes over and over again, but you have to add an element of newness. But you don't need to spend to produce the entire new series again. You can add 13 episodes or 26 episodes to a pool of 52 already produced episodes. So therefore, you're able to, with successful TV series, produce fewer in out-years.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. You're obviously not thinking about the parents who have to watch with the kids.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, but I think it's also important to note so that there's no concern. Overall, the Hasbro Studios has greenlit over 800 half hours of programming, and we still have several hundred half hours of programming that we're currently producing for the network for new shows. So it's not that we're not producing, we're just both producing more efficiently and also looking at where there are successful TV series, we obviously then spend less per new series because we're able to produce fewer shows.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I also have a couple of questions. Wanted to know to what extent we should be expecting some of the expenses that were lower in the third quarter than perhaps the relationships might suggest. How much of that has shifted to the fourth quarter? I mean, you mentioned advertising, but should we expect to see some other expenses?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, actually, advertising, I'd just remind you. I think we've talked about this prior. Advertising is actually rate-sheeted. So that's how we're able to know it's 10% to 11% for the full year. So we rate-sheet that throughout the year and so therefore, it would not spike in the fourth quarter. That's how we calculate that, Sean.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But obviously, like the SG&A...
Brian D. Goldner: We've been working on reducing expenses programmatically around the world, and so you'll see continued reduction in certain expenses. Deb, I don't know if there's other areas to...
Deborah M. Thomas: Right. And one of the things I think you may be referring to, Sean, if we could talk about -- in our prepared remarks, about lower expenses in the third quarter of 2011. That had to do with some duty issues outside of the U.S., and then we expect those to normalize over the course of the year.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. A couple of other questions. I'm a little confused about what you mean, Brian, when you say new initiatives in Games are up double digits versus last year. I mean, if they're new initiatives, what are you comparing that against last year?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, so obviously over the last 4 weeks, we have sales data. We look at our new games sales a year ago. Obviously, we have several new initiatives this year and far more this year than year ago but also, we're looking at the quality performance of those new games initiatives. And I'm just -- early indicator as we look at getting into the holiday season, how games are performing versus year ago.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So you mean stuff that's new this year compared to stuff that was new last year?
Brian D. Goldner: Correct, exactly, yes. So we're just, again, trying to get a sense because obviously throughout the year, Games POS has been down not nearly as much as our overall inventories that were down nearly 40%. So as we look at new initiatives, what do we see on the horizon? And what we're seeing is a greater impact from new games initiatives and across an array of new games.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And to circle back to a question that's been touched on before, but I just want to be clear. So when you say Games stabilized in 2012, do you mean ending the year flattish, kind of the way it was in the fourth quarter or flat for the year so that the increase in the fourth quarter would offset the decreases so far this year?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. We're always talking about the full year numbers. We're really looking at it on an annual basis, making great progress in games, and stabilization was a full year concept. The idea is being stable, and the reason I've been using that term is it's plus or minus a couple percentage points.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Well, I knew that's what you meant in February. I just wanted to know if that was still what we meant today.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, exactly. We mean the same thing today that we meant then and last November.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Indeed. And then last question, do you think that the degree to which you -- the shipments in Furby, what would seem quite strong in the third quarter is -- do you expect to get significant reorders on Furby in the fourth quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we have also seen great sales of Furby thus far, and Furby will go out to English-speaking countries this year and then rolls out around the world in several different languages and across many different countries next year. So it's certainly some shipments in the third quarter that we've seen in Furby, but also some good sell-through early days because, obviously, with a lot of the layaway programs, Furby is on the wish list of a lot of kids and also retailers, and so we are seeing great early momentum in Furby.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Digging just a little bit more on the Boys side, can you talk a little bit about Nerf? Has that product did -- was last year sort of a -- actually 2 years ago, I believe, was the peak. What's going on with that segment? And how do you look for that to sort of regain its growth trend?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, overall, we entered the year, particularly in the U.S. with too much Nerf inventory, which we talked about earlier in the year. The new line of product is the Nerf Elite line, which is off to a great start and over time, would become more of the line. We also have more new innovation that comes to the floor between the Firevision, as well as the Nerf Elite. That begins to roll out around the world. So we feel very good about our Nerf business longer term. And certainly, last year, I believe we reported $414 million in revenue. We then entered the U.S., the new year with too much inventory. And so we'll work through that inventory. But overall, we feel good about our Nerf business.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Debbie, wonder if you could reconcile the difference in terms of operating profit performance between the U.S. and Canadian business and international. I think you mentioned that you had some lower expenses in the comp for international. But is there anything else you can share there?
Deborah M. Thomas: Really, it was lower expenses in the comp a year ago in the International segment versus this year. So it's the timing of certain expenses, as well as the impact of foreign exchange in the International segment as well. I think we had about $8 million worth of a negative impact from foreign exchange that hurt operating profit in the International segment this year versus a year ago.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe, Brian, I can ask the revenue question for 4Q a little bit differently. I think in your prepared remarks, you suggested that you're expecting revenues to be greater than the third quarter. Is that against the reported number of $1.345 billion? Or is that against the number excluding foreign currency?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I would look at the as-reported number. And again, just to make sure we're all clear, as we look at -- we're looking at a 2% to 4% increase on Hasbro Inc.'s revenues coming in the second half. And I would use the comparative now, as we get closer to the year, we can see it's a year ago is the best comparator.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then last question, can you comment on how you're tracking the guidance around the $150 million of incremental revenue from The Hub?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, we're right on track. In fact, we're probably a bit ahead.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Kelter of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just, I guess, first off, taking a step back. I mean, your organic revenue growth has averaged about 2% a year over the last 5 years now, and that's below the standing guidance of 5% a year. And my question is, is there a reason you expect your revenue growth to accelerate to meet that guidance in the future despite what we're seeing in industry trends? Or might you revisit that part of your guidance to reflect lower growth at some point?
Brian D. Goldner: Actually, Michael, the industry trend, if you look at Euromonitor, has projections for the industry growth across all regions from 2011 to 2015 to be 4% on an annual growth rate. So our expectation of 5% over the medium term is completely in line with external reporting and forecasting. They are also forecasting good growth on the action figure business, consistent with the industry, as well as in the Games business. We certainly are also seeing great expected growth in the Girls category and in Preschool. So overall, we feel that we've had to address certain key issues within our business, which we've taken on, the Games business and the U.S. business. Over time, obviously, we feel that we can grow consistent with the industry projections and probably pick up some market share in certain key geographies. So as we look forward, we feel good about the innovation of our product line. We've had some issues that we've had to address, and I think you see we're turning the corner and we're on the path to delivering on our objectives we set for 2012 and then achieving our medium-term objectives.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And action figures, which you brought up, that's actually one I was curious about because I think we all kind of understand why the games data is what it is and the consumer behavior changes being what they might be. But action figures as a category, down double digits this year, and it's an important category for you. What are your thoughts as to what's going on because the magnitude of those declines are surprising?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, if you look over time, actually, if you look over about a 10-year period, the action figure business is actually one of the most inelastic, meaning kind of consistent demand categories, and then it's driven up or down depending on the new entertainment initiatives or innovation in that category. So clearly, we are in a year after a major movie year, but overall, we feel that between the television efforts of not only Hasbro brands but a lot of our partners' brands, as well as the new movie efforts that come there, as well as lots of innovations that we see on the horizon, frankly, as well as expanding the definition of boys action to new categories, including Preschool, where PLAYSKOOL HEROES is performing exceedingly well across a number of brands, between Transformers and Star Wars and Marvel and our Games, Boys Action Gaming, which is performing quite well, I think it's about the way we look at the consumer-centric adoption of boys action play versus necessarily more of the traditional measurement stick of how boys action is measured. And so overall, I would say we're expanding into these new categories of play and getting great response from the kids who are playing with our toys.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then 2 quick clarification questions, the first one, ad spending. You guys are guiding to 10% to 11% for sales for the year. Given the 30%, 40% increase in the U.S. for the fourth quarter that you alluded to, might that line item be above 11% -- the 10%, 11% range for the fourth quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: No. Our forecast is that it would be between the 10% and 11% range. And the reason for that, as I mentioned, is that the way we accrue or account for advertising, it gets rate-sheeted throughout the year. So we already know what we're forecasting to spend. And it's 30% to 40% more in terms of dollars versus a year ago, and that has to do with reorienting our business to the consumer into retailer to be in the market when consumers are out there. We talked in prior quarters about how we were disappointed in the amount of marketing spend we were able to put against the consumer in the most important time periods of the year, and so we have rectified those issues and then some. I think the team has done a great job of not only looking at traditional media but also digital and social media, and you'll see our brands showing up in all those places, everywhere consumers are interacting with brands.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And my other clarification question was the other end of that. If more money is going to advertising and less from trade, as you've talked about, how much did the reduction in trade dollars aid your revenue growth in the current quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: No, I don't think it did. I don't think it had any impact. It's not trade spend at retail. What we've been talking about is flow allowances or warehousing allowances where inventory is going into warehouses or into retailers in advance of the demand.
Deborah M. Thomas: Typically, in the first half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: My first question is on the Preschool category and whether it was down partially from timing or if you guys are seeing any share shifts in the category. And then, I know that your nearest competitor has done a pretty decent push on the TV media aspect for their Preschool category. Are you guys doing anything like that? And can you maybe talk a little bit more about the media push that you guys are doing and how you're allocating those dollars?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, in fact, if you look both year-to-date, as well as in Q3, our PLAYSKOOL business is up as is our Play-Doh business, as is our PLAYSKOOL HEROES business. What we're looking at, to your point, is timing. It has a lot -- it has to do a lot with timing of Sesame Street's launch a year ago versus this year and what we were doing in the third quarter a year ago to set ourselves up. Remember, that was the first quarter where we had the new Sesame Street license, and so we were out at retail really developing that brand and putting it out at retail for the first time for Hasbro. And so as we look at trends between the POS trend year-to-date, which is up, as well as in the quarter, as well as the actual sales across a number of initiatives and new initiatives like PLAYSKOOL HEROES, as well as our new Koosh brand for preschoolers, we feel very good about our prospects in the Preschool business.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And then, the media part of it, are you guys -- can you talk about how you're spending those dollars?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So overall, our media spend is up in the U.S. and for the fourth quarter. And a lot of those media dollars will certainly go toward the Preschool category, so we're spending a healthy amount of media. We won't break out media by category. But as we've talked, overall, for the fourth quarter in the U.S., media spend will be up 30% to 40% versus a year ago. And certainly, given the momentum we have in a lot of our Preschool categories, we would expect to spend more there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of clarifications to begin with. Number one, Transformers and Beyblade, I think you said that Beyblade was performing better than expectations as far as, if you want to call it the year-over-year burn down, and Transformers was in line with expectations. Just to make sure that we got that correct. And then also, on the channel inventories and action figures, can you talk to us as to where those are collectively and then, your POS, how that's trending as we're seeing it here, especially in the third -- as the third quarter wrapped up?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Beyblade, overall, is tracking above the typical burn-down rate, if you will, using your terminology, year after a phenomenal year. And Transformers is sort of on trend one -- with what one would expect. We think that as Transformers Prime, the TV series, kicks in around the world, we should perform well in Transformers as we move forward and feel good about the new innovations in the brand there. David, you want to talk about...
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes, I think we said overall, the inventories were down about 22% at retail, which was 15.9% in Games or about 16% in Games and 39% or 40% in Games & Puzzles -- sorry, 15% and 16% in toy and about 38%, 39% in Games & Puzzles. So if you dig into the toy number a bit more, you're finding that the retail inventory on Boys is probably down about 30%, which is consistent with the fact that we had really big numbers on Transformers and Beyblade last year. And then, it's actually up in Girls, which is, again, where we've got a lot of momentum this year as we're shipping sort of things like Furby and One Direction and the new Furby and Pony items.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just any comment how the POS in the action figures sort of wrapped up the quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, overall, the boys action figure POS is -- was down for the quarter but not down as much as inventory. And overall, again, it belies the fact to how well Marvel is really performing. We feel great about the Marvel business. We're just up against some big comps there. The other thing that was true, if you remember in 2011, as we all talked about it, we shipped a lot early on in Transformers, and the business didn't perform as well as what we probably wanted later in the year. So proportionately, more revenues went in earlier in the year. Conversely, this year, we have an opportunity because we have great performing movies in the Marvel movies and the great opportunity with the DVDs out in this fourth quarter and the holiday to ship revenues.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, one last question. As it relates to the North American improvement in operating profits for the year, I think you talked about it was better mix but also lower cost. Was there anything in the fourth quarter in particular last year as it related to North American division that you'll be lapping and that will help or something else incremental, again, that you've done and put in place in the North American segment that'll help in the fourth quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: In reorganizing our business late last year or early this year, we certainly are running the business differently than we have in years past, and we've talked about getting the U.S. business back to historical levels of operating profit. So the cost structure, the way we go to market and our approach should enable us to create sustainable higher levels of operating profit margin than year ago.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of James Hardiman of Longbow Research.
Phil Anderson - Longbow Research LLC: This is actually Phil Anderson standing in for James. Just looking at the SD&A line, you guys are still guiding 20% for the year. Given what you've reported in the 3 quarters so far, that maybe looks a little bit high. Just wondering if there's anything sort of one-off in fourth quarter that would cause that number to be up and if you could kind of just explain your updated thinking around the SD&A number.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure, Phil. Thanks for the question. Just to remind you, last year in the fourth quarter, we had an adjustment of about $30 million that hit, in large part, the SD&A line related to compensation adjustments. So as we sit and plan for this year, we would expect the compensation levels to be at 100% until we knew otherwise.
Phil Anderson - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, fair enough. And then, finally, just with all these new games you guys are introducing, it certainly sounds like those are off to a good start here. Just wondering, is there any risk that the growth of those new games comes with you having such a large market share in that game segment sort of some cannibalization occurring there as those brands grow?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, what we've seen is both year-to-date and in the third quarter, our digital gaming revenues have grown. We have more digital games being created on top of new games initiatives. So we've talked about in prior years that where we have innovation in our basic game business and digital games they come -- that we don't see cannibalization. We actually see growth, the opportunity for people to try new games in all kinds of different formats and play those games differently in different formats. We think that a game like Words With Friends that on the face of it seems could be similar to other games is great because for the first time, we're adding elements to that game that's never existed before, the ability to play multiplayer, meaning 4 player. If you've ever played Words With Friends on your smartphone, you can only play with one other person. So we're adding this whole new benefit of being able to play with 4 people, which would also be added to the online gaming experience. So we're really building a great ecosystem of online great game play, plus off-line in many cases. And then another case is just great fun off-the-board gaming experiences like Twister with Twister Dance, which is off to a great start or Lazer Tag that uses your iPhone or iPod to create augmented reality as you play a much more enhanced Lazer Tag game. So we don't really see cannibalization as an issue. We've talked about the fact that some of our traditional, call it, one SKU Games business will continue -- the tail of the business to continue to decline over time, but that we have a lot of new gaming initiatives that are really innovative that are connected to digital that should enable us to stabilize the business's share and grow over time.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You spoke about your movie lineup for next year. Just wondering, how does that compare with this year's lineup with Avengers and Spider-Man? And do you think there'll be any fatigue impact on Iron Man or Thor toy sales, just given you had Iron Man and then you had both of those over the last 2 years?
Brian D. Goldner: I think looking at the Boys business and as we look forward, the great part about 2013 is a number of known brands. And why I say that is both from an audience standpoint, as well as from a retailer standpoint globally, known brands are extremely helpful because retailers know exactly how to plan those and they know where the added excitement comes from new stories being told around those brands, new innovations that are coming from Hasbro and our partners around several of those brands. So we're very excited about the number of Marvel movies that come into theaters next year. Equally, having 2 Star Wars movies next year where people really understand what Star Wars is all about and the fact that they come during more of the height of seasonality in September and October should be quite good for us, and we kick off the year with G.I. Joe. So overall, lots of known brands that are very beneficial with new stories for both global audiences, as well as global retailers.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Do you think it will be equal to this year or less?
Brian D. Goldner: No, I'm not going to guide anywhere right now. I just would tell you that between the motion picture support and the number of new TV series that we have coming from Marvel Studios and Hulk support, Avengers support, Spider-Man support, as well as our own brands and Transformers and Kaijudo and as we look at all that in the Boys Action business, we feel very good about both the TV efforts, as well as the movie efforts and the innovation in the category.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, as you talked to your retail customers over the last few months, has anything changed in terms of how they're approaching holiday this year in terms of whether -- their buying patterns or their expectations for overall toy sales in the fourth quarter?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, clearly, their buying patterns are later, and we recognized that last November when we first sort of said that our year was going to come later and we were going to work with our retailers to deliver more in line with consumer demand, particularly in the U.S. So we sort of foresaw that, and it's certainly happening. I think in terms of as we look at their expectations for retail, I think they're looking forward to a good year. Certainly, consumer demand has held up pretty well, and I think in September, retail sales did a little bit better than people were expecting. So I think they're sort of cautiously optimistic and their deference to buying later affected our inventory at retail. Being down sort of 22% at this time sort of confirms that.
Operator: Our last question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson of BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Deb, we kind of blew past the gross margin discussion. Can we talk about perhaps moving components, moving parts there, price, cost savings and input costs, et cetera?
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure, Gerrick. Well, as we talked about earlier this year, we did implement a price increase, mid-single digits globally on carryover products, so that's held. And as we've also talked about, we price -- we lock in our prices about 12 to 18 months in advance. So while commodities have continued to move around a bit in the quarter going up and then coming down and going up again, most recently, we're pretty much insulated from that because of when we lock in our costs with our vendors, and our pricing has held. From a gross margin standpoint, our gross margin, if you go back historically in the third quarter, is typically our lower quarter from a gross margin standpoint. But there was really nothing unusual. As a matter of fact, it was 56.4% in both years, and to the tenth of a percent difference was only because currency rates were so high last year, and we had some favorability in NPV. But it really wasn't meaningful. And overall for the full year, we continue to expect our gross margin to be at the 58-point-something percent range.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And board -- Games, I was hoping you could perhaps break out performance within Games, Wizards of the Coast, perhaps, board games and then the boys action segment, which I guess would be incremental. But how did board games specifically perform year-over-year in shipments, as well as Wizards of the Coast year-over-year?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we have to look by brand. I think, overall, in the quarter, a brand like the new Monopoly coming out and getting off to a really good start, the Monopoly Millionaires, Battleship as kind of a classic board game was up significantly. Certainly, you're right, action battling is -- that whole category has been up for us. We've talked about the fact that the tail of the board game business, the one-off single-SKU games will continue to come down over some time and will be replaced by new innovations like Twister, new innovations in Monopoly and Lazer Tag. Certainly, Battleship is performing as action battling and then some new initiatives that come in the fourth quarter. So really, reinventing what it means to be a board game and also adding to that the Wizards of the Coast business, which has performed very well throughout the year, that's both Magic: The Gathering and Duel Masters. And then, the launch of Kaijudo, we're very positive on. It's early days, and we'll roll that out around the world.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. I think I'll sneak in one more. In the Boys segment, it appears that role play is doing really well, much better than action figures. Brian, what do you think explains why we go in and we look at Avengers and we see the shields and the hammers gone but the action figures kind of still kind of there?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think that clearly, we're probably just replenishing the action figure business better than the shields in the role play business, and so we probably should get on that. We, for the holiday season, feel like we have performance that's coming in both places. And certainly, the role play business for many, many years back to the LIGHTSABER business has always been a classic play pattern within Boys Action. I think we've really struck a nerve with boys in the shields and the Hulk Hands and so many areas, including the Web Shooter. And we have a lot of new innovation in role play, as well as action figures for the holidays.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob. And thank you to everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. We look forward to speaking with you in the coming months. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah M. Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division James Andrew Chartier - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter earnings release was issued earlier this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, also available on our website are presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Please note that during today's call, whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's CFO, will review our second quarter financial results and discuss important factors impacting our performance. Following their statements, David Hargreaves, Hasbro's Chief Operating Officer, will join Brian and Deb to field your questions. Before we begin, please note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans; anticipated product performance; business opportunities, plans and strategies; costs, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance, including expectations for revenues and earnings per share in 2012. There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 2012 continues to develop in line with our expectations, as we shift more of our shipments to later in the year while improving profitability in the near term. While shipments are expected later in the year, through May, we have gained share in the United States. Given strong growth in our emerging markets, we're also confident that we're gaining share in these geographies as well. Innovation in Hasbro core brands and new initiatives, strong entertainment in both films and television and global expansion is driving our business this year and beyond. We remain steadfast in the execution of our branded play strategy for the long term and believe in the value it is creating for our shareholders. As we've stated, our 2012 plans calls for shifting 2% to 4% of our full year revenues into the second half of the year. We're on track with this plan, and we continue to expect to grow revenues and earnings per share, absent the impact of foreign exchange, for the full year 2012. We also expect that the fourth quarter will be greater than the third quarter in both revenues and earnings per share, similar to the historical trends in our International segment and Entertainment and Licensing segment. In the first and second quarters, in partnership with our retailers, we have restaged our retail presence, lowered overall inventory levels and focused on aligning our shipments with the strongest periods of consumer demand. As a result, it is not surprising to see our U.S. and Canada net revenues down through the first 6 months. However, we're very encouraged about the quality of our execution and the profitability improvements we are delivering. We remain committed and on track to returning to historical levels of operating profit in the U.S. and Canada segment. We have great innovative products launching over the next 2 quarters for all consumer groups and geographies. Entertainment is also driving incremental brand exposure and demand from both television and feature films. And our teams and retailers are supporting these fast-breaking initiatives. These include several new games, as well as our alliance with Zynga, through which we'll be launching Words With Friends, FarmVille and CityVille games this year. Across categories, we have new lines based on Hasbro core brands and a new 1D branded product line based on the incredibly popular band One Direction from the U.K., which is taking the world by storm. Internationally, our business grew 5% absent foreign exchange, although reported net revenues were down 4% as we faced a more challenging exchange rate environment. Our International revenues continue to benefit from our expansion into emerging markets, innovation in Hasbro brands, as well as global entertainment in both films and television programming. Year-to-date, all major geographic markets are up, excluding currency translation. In the second quarter, Latin America posted strong growth, up 15% and up nearly double that, absent foreign exchange. Excluding foreign exchange, Asia Pacific was up slightly, and Europe was down approximately 1%, given the challenging comparisons with Transformers and Beyblade last year. Through new markets and share expansion backed by innovative products and engaging marketing programs, we're in a position to grow off last year's strong performance despite facing a persistently challenging global economic environment. Our performance overall reflected the shipment timing and retail inventory reductions in the U.S. and Canada, as well as difficult comparisons versus Transformers and Beyblade last year. As a result, revenues in the Boys category declined 16%. Sales of Marvel properties, driven by tremendous performance at the box office, were very strong. Marvel's The Avengers is ahead of expectations, and The Amazing Spider-Man is just getting started. The strength in Marvel was offset by declines in Transformers and Beyblade within the Boys category. In the Games category, we are 1 year into the Gaming Center of Excellence as we reimagine, reinvent and reignite our entire Games business. To date, we've made very strong progress. Based on the faster pace of innovation and initial reactions to our new games, we have greater confidence today in our ability to stabilize this category in 2012 and grow it next year through newly created teams focused on specific demographics and psychographics and teams focused on technologies that span digital and analog play, ultimately marrying the 2 play patterns together. We are truly redefining what it means to play games for our consumers globally. Through our Boys Action Gaming lines, including Transformers Bot Shots, Star Wars Fighter Pods and MARVEL BONKAZONKS, we have created an entirely new gaming category, developed specifically for boys and their desire to battle and collect. Year-to-date, this new way to game has generated significant new revenues. In addition to our spring successes, this fall, we have new games including Twister Dance, MONOPOLY Millionaires, Lazer Tag, Where's My Water? and our new Zynga games. All of these initiatives will showcase our progress for gaming consumers. Our major U.S. retailers have aggressively lowered current game inventory, down 46% in the second quarter, putting themselves in a position to capitalize on these new innovations in the second half of this year. Moving to our Girls brands. We have several exciting new initiatives launching in the coming months, including Furby, which will be released in English-speaking markets in September and is already making retailers list of top 10 toys for Christmas; and our 1D line of products hitting shelves in August. Both of these initiatives are new in the category. In our core Girls brands, My Little Pony continued to leverage global television and grew shipments again this quarter and posted strong point of sale in major markets, including the U.S., U.K., Spain, Italy, Brazil and Russia. For the fall, Baby Butterscotch and BOUNCY, MY HAPPY TO SEE ME PUP are feature items in FurReal Friends. Baby Alive brings Baby Wanna Walk to the market, and for Littlest Pet Shop, our new television animation will be airing in U.S. this fall. A new line of LITTLEST PET SHOP Fairies will also be hitting shelves shortly. Finally, our Preschool category benefited from growth in Playskool Heroes, including Marvel and Transformers, our Sesame Street line and the initial introduction of our all-new, reimagined Koosh brand. Looking ahead in the year, we're excited about many new Preschool initiatives, including Koosh, our new PLAYSKOOL ROCTIVITY segment and Sesame Street. But our comparisons become more challenging later in the year as we anniversary last year's initial Sesame Street shipments. From an entertainment standpoint, our strategy is delivering growth within our Entertainment and Licensing segment and creating demand for our Hasbro brand’s innovative toys and games in global markets. Hasbro Studios shows are on every major market and country worldwide and driving positive point-of-sale trends. We are also distributing our award-winning shows via digital and home entertainment distribution channels. Our newest show, Kaijudo, recently premiered on The Hub, and this fall, Littlest Pet Shop television programming will air in the U.S. and begin airing internationally in 2013. In 2012, we continue to expect $300 million of television-backed revenues, about half of which we expect to be incremental. In the U.S., The Hub continues to make strong progress. The second quarter was The Hub's best quarter to date in the key demographic of kids 2 to 11 and June its biggest month. The network posted 54% growth in the second quarter versus a year ago and is outpacing growth at all major kids' networks. In respect to feature films, looking ahead to 2013, there are a number of films we're supporting. First, G.I. JOE: RETALIATION is expected in March 2013 in 3D with our partners at Paramount. In May, Iron Man 3 from Marvel is scheduled for release, as well as Star Trek from Paramount. Twentieth Century Fox is planning to release The Wolverine in July, and Marvel has scheduled Thor: The Dark World in November. Additionally, from Hasbro and Universal, Ouija is scheduled for release next year. Also in 2013, Hasbro is excited to again partner with Lucasfilm on their next 3D entertainment event. Hasbro will have a full line of merchandise supporting this venture. Lucasfilm will be announcing specific details on this topic, along with the actual 2013 timing of this news, at the upcoming Star Wars celebration taking place in Orlando on August 23 to 26. In summary, through the execution of our branded play strategy, we're in the early stages of unlocking the total potential of our brands. In the near term, the year is developing in line with our plan to improve profitability in the U.S. and Canada segment, stabilize the Games category and introduce new, innovative Hasbro core brand and entertainment-backed properties for the holidays. Over the longer term, we remain on our path toward delivering the full potential of Hasbro's and our partners' brands globally. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah M. Thomas: Thank you, and good morning. Hasbro enters the important second half of the year in strong financial condition and on track with our plan for 2012. Our profitability improved in the second quarter, despite lower revenues. Looking ahead, we have new innovative initiatives launching in the coming quarters, and our plan is to continue to generate healthy cash flow to fund our business and return cash to shareholders. For the second quarter 2012, revenues declined 7% in constant dollars. Including a negative $34.4 million impact from foreign exchange and consistent with our plan to shift 2% to 4% of our full year revenues to the second half of 2012, second quarter worldwide net revenues declined 11% to $811.5 million versus $908.5 million last year. Operating profit for the quarter was $86.3 million or 10.6% of revenues compared to our reported operating profit of $80.4 million or 8.9% of revenues in the second quarter 2011. As a reminder, in the second quarter of last year, we recorded a $13.1 million pretax expense or $0.06 per share for costs associated with establishing Hasbro's Gaming Center of Excellence. These costs were approximately evenly split between product development and SG&A. Excluding these costs, operating profit a year ago was $93.5 million or 10.3% of revenue. For the second quarter 2012, net earnings were $43.4 million or $0.33 per diluted share. Net earnings a year ago were $46 million or $0.33 per share, excluding the cost for the Gaming Center of Excellence and excluding a favorable tax adjustment of $20.5 million or $0.15 per diluted share. Including both items, second quarter 2011 reported net earnings were $58.1 million or $0.42 per share. Cash grew in the quarter to $779.9 million on $200.8 million of operating cash flow year-to-date. We're in a strong cash position to fund our business and return cash to shareholders. Looking at our second quarter 2012 results by segment, the U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $406.6 million, down 19% versus $505 million last year and consistent with the plan to shift revenues later in the year. Retail inventories in the U.S. declined in the quarter, decreasing approximately 29%. Consistent with the shift in revenue timing, net revenues declined in the Boys, Girls and Games categories but increased in the Preschool category. The U.S. and Canada segment reported operating profit of $60.9 million and an operating profit margin of 15%. This compares to last year's second quarter operating profit of $57.7 million or 11.4% of revenues. The increase was driven by sales of higher quality inventory this year, as well as growth in Magic: The Gathering. Our second quarter 2012 operating profit margin is in line with historical operating profit margin levels. Second quarter 2012 International segment net revenues declined 4% to $360.5 million compared to $374.5 million last year. Net revenues in the International segment grew 5%, absent a negative foreign exchange impact of $33.4 million. Similar to the U.S. and Canada segment, the Preschool category grew, while the other major categories declined in the quarter. Having made investments during the past few years to increase our global footprint, the results in this segment include growth in Latin America, including Brazil, Colombia, Chile and Peru, as well as certain other emerging markets, such as Russia. This was offset by a decline overall in Europe and Asia Pacific, which had a challenging Transformers and Beyblade comparison. Operating profit in the International segment decreased 12% to $29.9 million or 8.3% of revenues versus $33.8 million or 9% in 2011. The decline in the segment's operating profit margin was a result of lower revenues in Europe, partially offset by the positive impact of revenue growth and resulting margin expansion in Latin America. The Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased 59% to $43.2 million compared to $27.2 million in 2011. Revenue growth in the Entertainment and Licensing segment reflects a positive impact of the sale of television content in all formats, including global television distribution, digital distribution and home entertainment. For the second quarter 2012, the Entertainment and Licensing segment reported an operating profit of $8.2 million versus $600,000 in 2011. Higher revenues and better expense leverage drove the increase in operating profit in the quarter. For the company overall, cost of sales for the quarter was $312 million or 38.5% of revenues versus $378 million or 41.6% of revenues last year, reflecting sales of higher quality inventory year-over-year and higher margin revenue from the Entertainment and Licensing segment, as well as from Wizards of the Coast. Input cost did not have a material impact in the quarter. From an expense standpoint, total operating expenses were $413.2 million or 50.9% versus $450 million or 49.5% last year. Program production amortization in the quarter totaled $10 million versus $7.1 million last year. Given our current expectations of ultimate revenues and current mix of programming, we now expect program production amortization to be in the $50 million to $60 million range for 2012. As we continue to gain production efficiencies, we anticipate spending less on programming from a cash standpoint and now expect cash spend to be in the $60 million to $70 million range for the current year. Second quarter 2012 royalties were 8.7% of revenues compared to 9% of revenue in 2011 and reflect strong sales of entertainment properties, including Marvel, Beyblade, Transformers and Star Wars. For the full year 2012, we anticipate royalties to be at the higher end of the 7% to 8% of revenue range we previously shared with you. This reflects the anticipated strength of the Marvel brands this year. Our advertising-to-revenue ratio in the second quarter was 9.8% versus 9% in 2011. The increase is consistent with our stated plan to increase our investment in advertising in 2012. For the full year, we anticipate advertising to be in the 10% to 11% range. SG&A of $191.4 million declined $22 million year-over-year and, as a percentage of revenues, was 23.6% in the second quarter 2012 versus 23.5% in 2011. In 2011, excluding games costs, SG&A was $206.7 million or 22.8%. We are currently targeting SG&A to be approximately 20% of revenues for the full year 2012. Moving below operating profit. Other expense was $4.2 million in the second quarter of 2012 versus $4.6 million in 2011. Our 50% share of The Hub is included on this line in the P&L. For the second quarter 2012, our share of the earnings in The Hub was a loss of $2.4 million compared to income of $197,000 last year. We continue to expect The Hub's impact for the full year 2012 to be in line with 2011 levels. Our underlying tax rate for the second quarter 2012 was 26.8% compared to an underlying tax rate of 27.7% in the second quarter 2011. We expect our full year tax rate to be in line with the second quarter's 26.8% rate versus 26.2% in 2011. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $779.9 million compared to $584.8 million a year ago and $883.8 million at the end of the first quarter. Operating cash flow for the first 6 months was $200.8 million and includes $25 million in television programming. For the trailing 12 months, operating cash flow was $468 million and includes $67.9 million in television programming costs over the period. We continue to return cash to shareholders through our quarterly dividend program, and in the second quarter, we paid $46.7 million in cash dividends to shareholders. Our next dividend payment is scheduled for August 15. Given our 20% increase in the quarterly dividend rate earlier this year, we anticipate full year 2012 dividend payments to be approximately $180 million compared to $154 million for the full year 2011. After repurchasing approximately $5 million worth of shares in the second quarter, $217.3 million remained available at quarter end under our current share repurchase authorization. Our intention is to continue repurchasing shares opportunistically in the open market using the current authorization as appropriate. However, as we’ve stated previously, we do not currently anticipate repurchasing shares at the same level as we did in 2011 and 2010. The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good, and receivables at quarter end were $651.4 million versus $838 million last year and $456.6 million at the end of the first quarter. DSOs were 72 days, down 11 days versus last year. DSOs improved year-over-year based on the timing of shipments and collections. Inventory levels at quarter end were $416.9 million compared to $426.9 million a year ago and $397 million at the end of the first quarter. Our inventory position declined in the quarter versus last year due to lower U.S. inventory, partially offset by international expansion, including a new warehouse in Russia, which was opened in April 2012. Depreciation and capital expenditures for the quarter were $24.4 million and $27.1 million, respectively. Given the innovation in Hasbro's and our partners' brands, geographic expansion, our focus on profitability improvement and the strength of our financials, we are in a strong position to deliver on our guidance to grow revenue and earnings per share, absent the impact of foreign exchange, for the full year 2012. Our expectation is that the fourth quarter will be greater than the third quarter in both revenues and earnings per share as we better align the U.S. and Canada business with consumer demand to be later in the year, similar to the historic trends we see in the International and Entertainment and Licensing segments of our business. Brian, David and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Drew Crum of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So Brian, a couple of questions. Starting with the Boys business, can you talk about the declines you're experiencing in Beyblade and Transformers? I think, coming out of the first quarter, you were pretty happy with the degradation you had seen in those businesses. And also, can you talk about how the Marvel business is tracking relative to 2007? And I'd also like to get your thoughts on Europe as you head into the second half of 2012.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure, sure. If you look at both Transformers, the brand, as well as Beyblade, the performance is better than one would expect in a post-movie or a post-phenomena year. So Beyblade is tracking well. In fact, in the U.S., the POS is up pretty significantly. Transformers total brand is down as one would expect, but has been mitigated by television and the expansion of the brand into other categories, and so it is down less than one would expect in a non-movie year following a movie. So again, fairly positive, although we're in a tough comp quarter versus a year ago for both brands. As we look at Marvel, the performance has been phenomenal. The Avengers has performed great and is ahead of our expectations. We continue to be very excited about this brand as we roll into the third and the fourth quarter with DVDs and other promotion around those brands. Spider-Man has really just gotten started and feel very good about the product lines, as well as the performance there. And that will continue, obviously, to route [ph] into the DVD periods. So I won't be able to give you -- not going to give specific guidance versus 2007 because, again, Avengers is a new property for us. It wasn't out there in 2007. Spider-Man has performed well, and Marvel has performed very well. So I think overall, our Boys business is well positioned for the year. In terms of Europe, David -- I'll ask David to comment in a moment. Overall, we're seeing bright spots and challenging spots. But overall, our investments in merging European territories -- eastern European territories, Russia and our Turkey business continue to perform exceedingly well. The U.K. has performed exceedingly well and a few other markets. And then we have a couple of markets where there's clearly some signs of economic challenge, particularly Spain. I don't know, David, if you want to comment further.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I mean, not really. I mean, clearly, it is a challenging economic environment, particularly countries like Spain and Greece. On the other hand, history shows us that if you've got a good product line and good entertainment, lots of innovation, you can have a good year in a down economy and vice versa. So we think with the continuing strength for Beyblades and as well as a lot of new product launches coming later in the year, including things like Furby, that we should have a pretty good year in Europe, even despite the economic challenges. And then, of course, our business in Latin America is storming ahead at the moment. We feel very good about our business there.
Brian D. Goldner: So Drew, if you look even in a market like Spain that is, from an economic standpoint, fairly challenged, I was remarking that My Little Pony brand is up significantly in POS in the quarter. It is because we’ve put television on the air. It's part of our overall TV strategy. The fact that our brand shows are now in over 170 countries, really every country you'd want to be in globally, including throughout Europe. And it's beginning to perform quite well. So as David said, innovative product lines, entertainment-backed product lines, which include our core brands and television, do have a way to not only mitigating but helping us to grow despite economic challenging environments.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just wondering if you could give us some color on U.S. point of sales. Brian, you talked about some specific lines, but just wondering overall, if you could give us some details on that.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I'll give you a bit, and then David can -- should talk some specifics. Overall, through both the first half and into the quarter, the U.S. business was down 1% or 2% in total, but again, ahead of the market because we've gained share in the U.S. market. That was really driven by our Games business being down obviously. Our shipments in Games being down 7.5% in the quarter is better than our overall POS as we start to put new lines into the market, including our Boys Action Gaming segments. And we have seen some very bright spots within our overall POS. But recognize, once you take a decision to take and put less inventory into the market and restage the business around the consumer, clearly, that has an impact, just the amount of inventory you have in terms of overall POS. I don't if you want to comment further.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes, and then I think when you go internationally, it's more mix. Certainly, in the U.K. and Mexico, we're having really strong POS. In Spain, where we talked about the difficult economy, clearly, our POS is down. I think if you go to the Latin American markets, again, I was reviewing their businesses last week, and clearly, our business is up by more than the industry in each of those markets. So we must be gaining share in places like Brazil, Colombia, Peru and Chile, and then our business in Russia and Turkey is doing very well. Clearly, again, the growth that we're achieving is greater than the market growth, so we must be gaining share in those markets as well.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's really helpful color. Brian, when you look to the second half of the year and you -- I mean, I know POS, you can't project it. But would do think that you would see an improvement there?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I believe, obviously, as we put more new innovation, core brands and our partners into the market, you have more inventory, which is part of our strategy, putting more inventory in line with consumer demand. We have also been able to reorient our P&L, we talked about it earlier in the year, to have significantly more marketing spend in the second half of the year than we had versus prior years. In the second half of the year, really focusing in on increasing our marketing spend overall, but not going above the 10% to 11% range total company, total year. But again, all that will point to a greater rate of sale and great innovations in our product line. We're particularly excited about a lot of our new innovation, be it the Furby brand; or this 1D, One Direction brand, that's coming in the Girls category; as well as in Littlest Pet Shop, the fact that we have this whole new line of fairies, which is already off to a pretty good start, albeit early days; and My Little Pony. So that in each category, I think, we have some great new innovations and things that have already shown us to be selling quite well. In Preschool, I think one of the categories we're happiest to see selling quite well is not just in Sesame, but really the Playskool Heroes line, where we've really reoriented and expanded the play patterns for those brands to this youngest consumer and performing quite well, so...
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And when you wre looking at the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, you explained in your prepared remarks that the strength is surprising if you just look at your overall historical trends, but you had said that it's mainly due to tracking more how your International and Entertainment businesses tend to track seasonally. Is that a trend that you think we will see continuing on a go-forward basis? Or is that just something for this year?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think, if you look go forward -- actually, if you go back historically, go prior to 2010 and '11, 2009 actually, fourth quarter was bigger than third quarter. So again, it has to do with putting more innovation and more marketing in the quarter. It has to do with the trends within the international business, and we're lining up the U.S. to be more like a lot of our international markets, the fact that E&L, our Entertainment and Licensing segment, does tend to have higher revenues. So I would say this is really more a glimpse into the future of how we intend to execute our plans, and it's not inconsistent with the ways we've achieved our years in past years, although more recently, it had been third higher than fourth.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Margaret Whitfield with Sterne Agee.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could comment on where you have gained market share, what categories, both in the U.S. and if there are any gains overseas to comment on. That's my first question.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. David, do you want to talk about some market share?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. In terms of the U.S., clearly, our POS is down a bit more on Games than it is on toys. Toys, we’re much closer to flat. And within that, we are up on Boys' toys during the quarter. We are up on Preschool during the quarter. As we go overseas, less really good POS data. But clearly, some of the markets where we said we're significantly up would be U.K. I think a lot of that is Boys again as well. And as we go into the other markets I talked about, the newer emerging markets, such as Peru, Chile, Colombia and Korea and Turkey and Russia, I think we are probably gaining share, and our POS up is in -- is up in most categories because it is up fairly significantly. And it's probably up across the board because we're getting established and growing significantly in these markets.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So given the growth in emerging markets, at what point do you think you could achieve profitability? I think you were targeting it, wasn't it 2013 or…
David D. R. Hargreaves: It's mixed, Margaret. I mean, many of those markets I talked about today are already profitable, especially the smaller markets, which are adjacent to large markets and can maybe, to some extent, utilize their services. I think the markets where we've talked about not being breakeven, thus far, are the bigger markets that have high potential. And we're investing heavily in order to put infrastructure in place, which, obviously, includes offices, people, systems, warehouses. So we've opened a new warehouse in Russia this quarter. So in places like China, Russia, Brazil, India, the BRIC markets, which have bigger and have long-term potential, the investment is higher. And they’re the markets which are not yet at a breakeven, maybe Russia, maybe much closer to that at this stage.
Brian D. Goldner: Right. So we're on track, Margaret, for -- 2013 had been our guidance for Brazil and for Russia to become profitable. In fact, we're on track for that. We may decide to take a bit longer in China given our progress that we've made there. But again, the biggest geographies and the biggest costs go profitable in 2013, and that's been consistent with our plan.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Final question. Any new product launches that will come late that will help to drive Q4 to be ahead of Q3 apart from the timing issues that you've discussed?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we have a significant range of new initiatives, almost by category. We tried to outline some of that in the prepared remarks. Within even the Beyblade business that has been out there and performing quite well, we have the new BEYWHEELZ line, as well as a number of new initiatives in there and new entertainment backing that. Obviously, we have our Boys Action brands, with Transformers being supported by television and all the Marvel properties that have their DVDs that come out in those windows; Star Wars in the third and fourth quarter with new initiatives. In the Girls business, clearly, Furby and One Direction and new Littlest Pet Shop, in addition to new My Little Pony. In the Preschool category, clearly, coming out with some brand new Sesame Street product, as well as a continuation of Playskool Heroes. So again, category by category, lots of new initiatives. And in Games, a raft of new brands. Our retailers have been very pleased to see the rate of innovation, the pace of innovation. Again, we talked a bit about that. But whether it's a lot of our own new core Hasbro brands or some of the alliances we have, Where's My Water? and the Zynga brand games all coming out this fall. And so it's not just about the timing of initiatives but the fact of how we intend to execute our strategy to ensure we're growing profitability by putting inventory closer to consumer demand and then using increased marketing to drive through that higher-quality inventory.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Carroll with UBS.
Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. One, in terms of the visibility in the second half, when we started out the year, obviously, you guys have been pointing to that 2 to 4 points seasonality differential. Now with a bit of a shift more towards Q4, is that in reaction to anything you've seen? Or is the normal, I guess, revenue outlook for the second half -- I guess to kind of put it into a number. With the percentage of the order book that covers the second half revenues as you guys are in peak manufacturing season, is what we're seeing in 2012 in line with what we've seen in other years? Or is there, I guess, somewhat greater uncertainty in that Q4 number?
Brian D. Goldner: No. I would say, in fact, I think that given where we are year-to-date, the fact that year-to-date the company is down $120 million, with growth in Entertainment and Licensing and International offset by the U.S., it is consistent with our plan. There is nothing per se exogenous that's driving us to hedge our bets. In fact, if you look at the last couple of years, the reason the fourth quarter probably was down a bit was because of performance in the fourth quarter in 2010 and 2011. So in fact, this is very consistent with consumer takeaway and very consistent with what retailers and Hasbro are planning. And we just wanted to make sure that we were clearly communicating this, given the opportunity we have now in the second quarter to show how we're beginning to achieve many of the important items that we had in our plan for the year, including returning the U.S. and Canada segment to historical levels of operating profit margin, stabilizing Games and growing revenues and EPS absent ForEx. We felt that this was additional color that we should provide at the time.
Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then one other just housekeeping. On the programming and amortization costs, obviously, the $10 million drop in the midpoint of the spending range with kind of that 4- to 5-year amortization schedule that you guys talked about would be a portion of that drop. Was there any change to the amortization schedule in terms of the average year that the prior spending had been spread out over?
Deborah M. Thomas: No, Rob. This is Deb. Not really. Just as we kind of look at that and look at our final ultimate revenues as we're getting a bit more experience in this area, we see that we've got a lower level of amortization that we'll have in this year, given the full level of ultimates that we're expecting to see now. And the same with the cash spend. As we get a little bit more experienced at this, we've been able to gain efficiencies. So it's not that we're producing less programming or less -- lower-quality programming. That's not the case. It's just that we're able to gain efficiencies in the cash spend. So that impacts the amortization, as well as the cash spend numbers. So that's why they've both come down.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So if you look at by program, year 2010 to '11, we produced 335 half-hours. In 2011 to '12, we're producing nearly 300 half-hours. So in all, over 700 half-hours between the 2 years. And so again, no diminution of production, just being more efficient in the way we produce.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I guess there was a comment in the press release that said there were some great initiatives for the second half, and I'm not sure if that was kind of talking to the products that are coming out or kind of the promotional dollars that are being spent. Can you give us an idea maybe of how the cadence of promotional dollars that are being requested by some of the retail channels are looking versus last year? And then, also, if you guys can talk about maybe what acted as a drag on the Girls segment, if it was just a timing shift or if there was a different kind of product drag that wasn't discussed in the press release.
Brian D. Goldner: When we talk about new initiatives, we're talking about the fact that both within our core brands and well -- as well in our partners' brand, lots of new products and innovations launching into the market across the different categories from Games, Girls, Preschool and Boys. And it also has to do with the fact that we will have significant marketing programs and additional marketing spend versus prior years. Again, the way we've rebalanced the profitability in the U.S., returning it to historical levels of operating profit margin has also allowed us to spend more promotionally in stores and strategically with retailers. But spending less on flowing inventories throughout the year, a less productive use of money, putting inventories in an advanced consumer demand and rather spending the money when the consumer is most likely to want to purchase the product and allowing us the opportunity to get closer to the consumer demand, which allows us to know which products we want to manufacture more of. It also allows us to manage our tooling expense because we are able to see more just-in-time results around our initiatives. So that's all what's driving the initiatives comment in the press release. And in terms of Girls, we're very excited about our Girls business. I have seen great POS gains in My Little Pony, where we've put together the full branded play blueprint. And the POS in the U.S. in the first quarter and year-to-date has been up significantly. We have new Littlest Pet Shop launching now with the fairy segments and the new television around Blythe and the pet shop coming into the U.S. and then international markets in spring of 2013. Obviously, Furby is launching this fall. That's registered within the Girls category, although we think that's a product line that both girls and boys are going to really enjoy. And we also have a One Direction product line that's launching. Again, that will be measured within Girls, and that's around the band from the U.K. that, if you ask any little girl, they know all about. So that's sort of the plan for the year.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, so that was just a timing shift really as the product goes through the channel a little bit differently, the revenue decline of 13%?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Again, it has to do with where the new initiatives are coming exactly.
Operator: Our next question is from Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I also have a couple of questions. I want to drill down on a couple of things. Back to the issue of the amortization cost, could you remind us what the expectation was? And is there a degree of the reduction in the expense that's related to fewer episodes being aired or less revenue being recognized? Or is it just a function of lower spending?
Deborah M. Thomas: Sean, it's a little bit of both. But to remind us, it was $60 million to $70 million with the amortization range before, and now we're saying it's $50 million to $60 million. And it's a function of the longer-term ultimate revenues that the costs will be spread over going up a bit, so that's a piece of it, as well as the cost of production coming down. So it's really a function of those 2 items that you're saying impact our estimate for the full year this year. So higher estimated ultimate revenues result in lower amortization.
Brian D. Goldner: So Sean, as we're beginning to distribute our programming across all these different digital platforms and we're putting in place longer-term deals, we're seeing the revenue projections go up, which allow us to spread the amortization over more time, a longer waterfall, if you will. And so that's really -- should be viewed as good news.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So it's a longer tail, not -- I didn’t even realize the magnitude of the revenue, right, it's more the timing of the revenue?
Brian D. Goldner: Right. Well, it's really both, and you see it -- obviously, you see it in the quarter. We had always said, when we had the conversation about the television strategy, that we were going to go get revenues from a lot of different places, including the distribution of programming internationally. That -- the additional merchandise that it would sell and the fact that we would sell and distribute our shows across every platform kids were watching, and in fact, that's what we are doing. So you see it both in terms of revenues in the quarter, and as well the reduced amort is just recognizing that we're able to now spread our revenues, a growing base of revenues over more time as we have these longer-term deals in place.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Another question. In Preschool, if you were to exclude Sesame, how did that compare to last year?
Brian D. Goldner: I don't know that I have that broken out, but I will say that the Preschool year-to-date POS is up very strongly. And one of the biggest bright spots within that is the Play-Doh business, overall up a bit, and that's a big global brand for us. It's probably one of our most widely distributed brands globally. And then lots of new business coming in our Playskool Heroes business, so Transformers Rescue Bots, the Jedi Force from Star Wars, Spider-Man Adventures and the Super Hero Squad, Super Hero Adventures, all that. So whether it be Marvel, Lucas and Transformers, those are some of the biggest increases within Preschool. So again, Marvel, Star Wars, Transformers. So that -- again, the Playskool Heroes lines are contributing significantly.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my last question is on G.I. JOE: RETALIATION. It appears that maybe either Target didn't get the memo that it was put off until next year or they're expecting a different product from what they already had. So you can talk a little bit about what the product strategy is. Is it going to be the same product that you would have had, just brought out a year later? Or will they be a different products based on a different focus that the movie might have after the reboot?
Brian D. Goldner: We'll have -- it's a little of both. We'll have some products that were out. Clearly, there's some core heroes in the movie that we're going after, and with Dwayne Johnson, The Rock, and Bruce Willis and some other heroes, clearly, some folks to focus on that kids really enjoy. But we also are working on some new segments that gives us a bit of time to work on some new segments and to work with our retailers in strategic ways to bring out and enhance some new play patterns. And we haven't really talked about those yet but, clearly, gives us an opportunity to go after some additional segments with G.I. Joe.
David D. R. Hargreaves: And maybe not having Channing Tatum's character die in first 5 minutes, you mean? Just kidding.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of -- Brian, should we take away from all the comments that have been made that Avengers and Spider-Man has offset the Transformers and Beyblade decline year-to-date? Is that fair at retail, and then at wholesale?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, our POS -- as David mentioned, our POS in Boys is up in the U.S. Once we get the best data, it's up in a few other categories. But overall, I would not say that revenues have replaced Transformers' revenues. Remember, last year, the biggest shipping quarter for Transformers was the second quarter, given the total performance. So we have not offset those revenues. But what we can say is that, and have said that, Avengers is ahead of expectations, performing very, very well. At this point, as we speak to you, Spider-Man is really off to a great start, but still much more business to be done given the timing of the movie release. We have the DVDs, obviously, coming in the second half of the year, as well as a lot of the major marketing initiatives from retailers in partnership with us. So the Boys business is really -- we've got to look at as a fourth quarter business. A lot of new initiatives coming in Beyblade, I'd mentioned as well. Year-to-date, the POS, particularly in our major markets like the U.S., has been particularly strong. And we learned a lot from the last time Beyblade came out to ensure that we had new innovation coming in the second half of this year with BEYWHEELZ and some other new innovations. And those innovations are highlighted in the story arc of the animation, which, again, is new for the brand. It was something that we hadn't done the last time around. So again, lots of business to still be done across the company in third and fourth quarter, particularly in Boys. But we're at a -- we're in a good spot thus far in the year.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Including Nerf, also? That's one of the -- I forgot to ask that piece.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. In Nerf, we've got the whole new reinvention of the Nerf line with Nerf Elite with real performance opportunity, meaning the Nerf Elite product line now shoots 75 feet, very high performance product. The Nerf players really love this product in research. The retailers are very excited. And so you'll see Nerf Elite in broad distribution this third and fourth quarter. So that's -- again, that brand gets completely reinvented for the second half.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then Deb, you gave some color on gross margin. But in addition, you had some closeouts last year also, so you benefited from that. Was there anything that helped you in gross margin here in the second quarter in particular? From, basically, you paying retailers to take product last year to now you're going more to the pull strategy with the shift in revenue, so you're not paying them this year. Did that help gross margin also? And if it did, any color on that as quantification?
Deborah M. Thomas: It did help gross margin, Tim, because we had a higher level of revenue coming in to support those costs. But as we said, we are reallocating those dollars toward promotional advertising dollars. We'll probably spend more later in the year. So that has helped the gross margin a bit, but probably the largest -- the other 2 items that impacted gross margin this year were the higher revenue from our Wizards of the Coast business, which is just a higher gross margin business to begin with, as well as Entertainment and Licensing. So those are really the other 2 items besides the lack of or the lower level of closeouts this year compared to a year ago.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, lastly, on inventories, if you look at inventories as a percent of sales -- and granted, sales are down for the reasons you've talked about. But if you look at it as a percent of sales over the last 5 years, you’re kind of at the high-end of a range here. Any color on that? And as it relates to preparing for the back half of the year, just any additional things you can give us on the inventories?
David D. R. Hargreaves: So I think what you're seeing, Tim, is we're getting extraordinary growth in some of these new markets overseas. And as we get that growth, obviously, we're having to put inventory in place to support that. So for example, during the second quarter of 2012, we've opened a new warehouse in Russia to support that business. Previously, we used to ship a product there from the Soest warehouse in Germany. So obviously, as we go into these newer markets, we had to put language-specific inventory in place, so we can't just use English language from the U.S. or the U.K. So we have to put language-specific inventory in place. And as we grow, we start to have warehouses -- additional warehouses. So yes, our inventory is up a bit by historic standards, but it's primarily driven by those new international markets.
Brian D. Goldner: So this is all good inventory related to second half of the year initiatives.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: A couple of things on the Entertainment side. First, can you tell us, was any revenue booked from your Netflix licensing deal in the second quarter? Or is that a third quarter issue? And then with regard to the Battleship movie, the movie actually did decently internationally. The revenue contributions from your gross participation deal, is that mostly going to be in the third quarter as well? And then as a follow-up on the Girls business, given the timing of new programming, as well as -- I thought you said that Furby would be shipping in the third quarter. Does that mean that the Girls business might sort of go positive in the third quarter this year?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, a couple of things. First, in the second quarter, there was some revenue from Netflix. Second, on Battleship, we were paid some moneys as producer fees when the movie was first greenlit, so that mitigates or would offset some ultimates that we might get paid in Battleship, so that happened back third or fourth quarter of last year. But again, as the movie plays through all the different elements, you would get residual payments at whatever level would be appropriate through the DVD window and/or international TV distribution, whatever it might be. In the Girls business, I'm not going to guide on third versus fourth quarter revenues. But clearly, we are very excited both about One Direction and Furby. Furby does break in English-speaking markets in September, so late in the third quarter. And One Direction would begin hitting in earnest in August, and that would be in all markets, except for the U.K. U.K. and Ireland would not be included.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Kelter of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So U.S. toy industry sales are down this year meaningfully enough, and I guess I'm curious because games and action figures, specifically some of your core categories, seem to be particularly affected, down worse than the trough of the recession. I'd love to hear what you think is going on and whether it means you should be doing anything differently.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, if you actually look across the landscape of what we've done in a brand like Transformers, it's indicative of the opportunity we have to expand those brand franchises. So a year ago in Transformers, it was much more boys action-oriented, and this year, we have significant initiatives that are in Boys Action Gaming. We have significant initiatives that are in our Preschool business. So I think it has, to some degree, a question of measurement versus what we're meaningfully doing around some of these brands. That's not to say that we aren't reinventing lots of elements of our action figure business, and you'll continue to see that. And performance in The Avengers and Spider-Man, you'll see the expansion of categories beyond just action figures to be in role play and several other categories, including, as I said, gaming. In the Games business, we have been and are 1 year into the reinvention of that business. We're reinventing that business across a number of different platforms. For us, it's about providing games consumers what they're really looking for across every platform. And so long as we can continue to create great games that have the kinds of high operating profit margin we've enjoyed in our Games business and are more right for the consumer, more consumer-centric and more consistent with the way consumers want to play, then we'll be in a great position, and you see that beginning to be reflected in the second quarter as revenues were down less than the point-of-sale declines. And we're beginning to ship those initiatives, and the performance of Boys Action Gaming, in particular, has been quite good. So I think we're redefining ways to play with our brands, and we recognize that innovation will be the lifeblood of both of those categories.
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think the other thing, Michael, is you're looking at big industry trends. I mean, certainly, going forward, we don't see the U.S. being as high growth market as some of our emerging markets. But I think as you're looking at big trends, what you also see is as industries mature, they tend to consolidate more. So if you look what's happening now, we've gained share, and Mattel has gained share, and LEGO have gained share. So what tends to happen is industries tend to mature. The big tend to get bigger and pick up market share. That goes back to the sort of Coke-Pepsi, Levi's-Lee type scenario. So I think even in a relatively mature, not a high-growth market -- I'm not saying it's tiny, but not a high-growth market, there's clearly opportunities for us to grow our business and gain market share go-forwards.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And you guys have mentioned you want to get the margins up to historical levels here in the U.S., and it was a good quarter. But more broadly, have you guys thought about a more formal restructuring to downsize the U.S., right-size, I guess, the cost structure given the realities of the environment and the declines in sales you've experienced? Or is it really just going to be kind of picking around the edges?
Brian D. Goldner: No, we actually have been well underway and really restructuring the way we go to market in our business. Today, we have half of our employees outside of the U.S. That wasn't true just 2 or 3 years ago. If you look at the changes to our employment base, we've hired hundreds of people outside the U.S., and as you know, earlier, we made an adjustment and took people out of the business as we looked at growth opportunities versus opportunities for operating profit margin expansion. So we're continuing to look at this in a meaningful way. We're going to continue to look at our growth initiatives. But we also are investing in the growth platforms like our games innovation, in our marketing and selling and in our global brands and global brand organization and R&D. And so we'll continue to make the right investments. But we've also focused on more broad experiences, more immersive experiences over far fewer SKUs. And that's part of the strategy as well as how we look at product development is we're spending more per SKU and getting more innovation out of our product line.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then, lastly, on a different topic. Marvel seems to be coming increasingly important to sales. Is that contract -- as far as I recall, that goes through 2017, and if -- I wanted to verify if that was true or not. And then beyond that, now that Marvel is owned by Disney, which has historically had relationships with Mattel, do you see any risk that you might lose that license? How are you approaching that as you look forward?
Brian D. Goldner: The contract currently goes through 2018. And we have had a great long-term relationship with the Walt Disney Company. They are great partners for us and have been in a number of categories and, certainly, over time. We've continued to work with Marvel and with Disney to really supercharge the Marvel brand and the Marvel business. We really love where Marvel is going. We feel very good about our ability to innovate as leaders in the Boys Action business and the willingness to innovate across multiple platforms and pursuing boys action play patterns across any number of new initiatives and the ability to spend money in R&D and market it globally. And as we've invested in these international markets, clearly, that lines up really well with the growth in the motion picture business, which is growing more in emerging markets as more multiplexes are being built in Brazil, in Russia, in China. And so as we have our own marketing and sales personnel on the ground, we would expect that our international business is very much in line with and very complementary to a global entertainment company strategy.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just on the Entertainment business side. Just talked -- I know you've talked a bit about it. But lump sum payments there and as we go through the back half of the year 2013, how would you expect that to trend because it was such a big year-over-year growth in the second quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: You're talking about Entertainment and Licensing, Greg?
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, exactly.
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. So what you're seeing is what we'd said would happen, which is that as we produced television programming and began to distribute it internationally and began to distribute it across platforms, we begin to get payments. Not every quarter will be the same because that digital distribution happens at a different pace. Some quarters will be more up, and some quarters will be more modest. So I'm not saying that it's going to grow every quarter, and I'm not saying that every quarter might be as big as second quarter. But it will be, on average, growing over time. That is our intention. It does have to do with supercharging our business around entertainment and our television strategy. And so we'd expect that Entertainment and Licensing would continue to grow over time based on producing television programming and distributing it around the world.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Anything you see from a timing difference in the back half that we should be thinking about because it is such -- seems like it's a little bit of a volatile number year-over-year?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, again, I'm not going to comment by quarter. But to try to give some color, I wouldn't expect that, as I said, every quarter to be identical. I think we got movies -- the movie payments we talked about, like Battleship, we got a payment last year. So you wouldn't expect a payment like that this fall, so that could be offsetting. But again, overall, the trend would be increasing over time. But again, not up every quarter. And so that will be a bit of up and down in some of those payments as we make digital deals.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Okay, good. And then just looking out, I know it might be a little bit too early, but 2013 movie lineup versus 2012. How do you see that versus what your lineup was this year?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, we think it's going to be -- it will be a great movie year for us in 2013. We've clearly seen the momentum in Marvel, and we feel great about the fact that in Iron Man 3, which comes -- currently planned to come in May. The Wolverine from Fox. We have Thor in the fall. As you know, we've -- we're reinventing and partnering with Paramount and J.J. Abrams for Star Trek, which comes next May. G.I. Joe is at the end of the first quarter. And then we mentioned -- although I can't speak specifically, but we did mention that at the end of August, Lucasfilm would be making further announcements about their initiatives, and I'll leave it to them to give you the specifics. But I think we've highlighted that Lucasfilm does have major plans for 3D for 2013.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And just one final one. As a percent of sales, how big is Europe for you right now globally? And overall, how did that specific market do?
David D. R. Hargreaves: In terms of a percentage, I don't know it off the top of my head. In terms of total international, it's about 50% nowadays, or 50% of our revenues during the quarter were outside of a U.S. headwind [ph]. And as we said, Europe's has done okay. Absent FX rate, it was, I think, 1% down. Within that, we've had markets like Spain, which we said are very challenging or down. But we’ve also had markets like Turkey and Russia, which are significantly up.
Operator: Our next question is from Gerrick Johnson of BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I was wondering if you could tell us the currency impact to EPS on the quarter, as well as the first 6 months. And then, I'm sure Deb had some benefits from hedging in there. I was wondering what that might have been and what lines in the income statement you would have seen benefits from hedging.
Deborah M. Thomas: Gerrick, for the quarter, as we've said in the past, and it was consistent this quarter, about 10% of the impact of revenue is the impact on earnings for the quarter. So we had about a $0.02 negative impact in the quarter from foreign exchange. We also had the benefit of having done a higher level of hedges at this point in the year. So those hedges were -- they are pretty good compared to our pricing, and given what’s happened with the euro recently, we were probably able to protect more of our cost earlier in the year than later in the year. So as we go forward, good rule of thumb from a translational standpoint, 10% of the impact on revenue will go to the bottom line. And we may have a bit more than that as we have less product hedged later in the year. But again, it depends on where the euro -- primarily the euro goes.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And any benefits that you might have accrued from hedging, where would have been they placed in the income statement?
Deborah M. Thomas: They would have primarily been in cost of sales, and we had a little bit in the quarter. But again, we just -- we hedge to try to protect our prices, not to time the market so...
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Right, understood. Just trying to get to a good gross profit number, excluding the benefit of hedge.
Deborah M. Thomas: Right. That was not a significant item in gross profit.
Brian D. Goldner: It had more to do with the quality of inventory and closeout.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then on the games reorg side, those moves that you've undertaken over the past year, on an annual run rate, what are you saving in terms of costs there? And how might that have impacted the second quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: I wouldn't -- I'm not going to give you that, although that wasn't really our intention in making the changes. The intention was to supercharge our ability to create innovation and revenues growth. Obviously, if we're working better together, there are efficient -- net efficiencies. But I wouldn't look there to say that, that's why the quarter's performance was better. In fact, our games initiative did have a lot -- or games brand did have a lot to do with the performance in the quarter, and that's the significant growth that we have seen at Wizards of the Coast, particularly in Magic: The Gathering, which is very emblematic of the kinds of games initiatives that we're often driving. The fact that we have both Wizards of the Coast, Magic online, as well as the trading card game, Duel Masters out of Japan, the launch of Kaijudo, which is our new trading card game brand, with television programming that's begun to air and the way that we're going to marry our games business, analog and digital. So it's really spending more to create great initiatives versus just cost-saving measures.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Swartz of SunTrust Robinson.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A real quick question around The Hub. I mean, it may be too early to tell, but did you see any kind of ratings lift in light of the whole DIRECTV, Viacom stalemate? And are there any indications if that is the case, that, that could be more than a temporary lift as the year progresses?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, 2 things. One is that The Hub's performance in Q2, which is -- would not include that period when DIRECTV and Viacom were in that argument, was the best in The Hub's history. That June was our best month in the network's history, that we saw a 54% ratings growth in Q2 2012 versus '11 in total day, particularly with kids 2 to 11. So The Hub's performance is already showing great momentum and, in percentage terms, was the fastest-growing kids network in the period. We did see additional growth. I think it was noted in some articles. The Hub have showed additional great growth. I think the more widely The Hub is distributed, the better the performance is. So clearly as we got the additional distribution during that window, we saw great performance gains. And The Hub is now available in 64 million homes, so up from our launch. And again, every distribution gain is of significant benefit to continuing to gain ratings.
Michael A. Swartz - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And was there anything you did to maybe take advantage of that dislocation over the past couple of weeks or not really?
Brian D. Goldner: I think the biggest growth driver for us has more to do with our summer schedule, which kicked off in late May and early June. Margaret Loesch and her team have done a great job in programming the network around our highest performing brands. The summer schedule is really showing great strength, day part per day part. We're beginning to beat our competition in several day parts throughout the week, and I think it bodes well for the momentum in the network and viewership. And then, of course, some of our shows -- the earlier seasons of some of our shows, not the original content on The Hub, but some of the earlier seasons, are also available on lots of different services, including Netflix as we mentioned. And that gives us additional homes to drive interest in the brands. Netflix has, what, 24 million homes, and so that's additional interest in the brand to drive the incremental merchandising around our brands.
Operator: Our last question comes from Jim Chartier with Monness, Crespi.
James Andrew Chartier - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question. Deb, I believe in February you said gross margin would be about 58% for the year. Is that still your expectation?
Deborah M. Thomas: Yes. We are on track to deliver the 58% gross margin for the year.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you to everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Our third quarter earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Monday, October 22. Also, for those of you listening overseas, we will be participating in UBS' Best of Americas Conference in London on September 6 and 7. We look forward to speaking with you in the coming months.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock -  Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John Taylor
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter earnings release was issued earlier this morning and is available on our website. Additionally, also available on our website, our presentation slides containing information covered in today's earnings release and call. The press release and presentation include information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Please note that during today's call, whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share.  This morning, Brian Goldner, Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's CFO, will review our first quarter financial results and discuss important factors impacting our performance. Following their statements, David Hargreaves, Hasbro's Chief Operating Officer, will join Brian and Deb to field your questions. Before we begin, please note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities, plans and strategies, costs, financial goals, targets and expectations for our future financial performance, including expectations for revenues and earnings per share in 2012, as well as achieving our objectives. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. You should review such factors together with any forward-looking statements made on today's call. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. At our Investor Day in November 2011, as well as our Toy Fair meeting following Q4 earnings in February, we communicated our plan for 2012, which called for a greater percentage of our business to come later in the year as we better aligned our shipments with the timing of consumer demand on a global basis. Our first quarter results are consistent with the execution of this plan, and we continue to believe that we are on track to deliver revenues and earnings per share growth absent the impact of foreign exchange for the full year 2012. We experienced point-of-sale growth versus the first quarter 2011 in both the U.S. and major international markets. And according to NPD, through the first quarter 2012, we gained share in the U.S. and Europe. Let me share some of the highlights of the first quarter. The momentum in our International business has continued, and we posted growth in every major geographic region during the quarter. We grew shipments in the Boys and Games product categories, and we are experiencing positive point-of-sale trends in the major markets where we receive data. In the U.S. and Canada, we are making progress toward our plan to return the business to historical operating profit margin levels versus 2011 results. We reduced our headcount and right sized the business during the first quarter. We are also working with our retailers to better align the timing of our shipments with the timing of consumer demand that comes later in the year. Finally, we are aggressively increasing our media spend this year versus 2011 as we shift more dollars towards selling innovative Hasbro product lines to consumers. So far, we're seeing good results. Point-of-sale was up in the quarter 6%, and our retail inventories are down 20%. From a product category standpoint company-wide, our Boys and Preschool category shipments grew in the quarter. In the Boys category, demand was driven by entertainment properties from Marvel and Star Wars as well as KRE-O, which we did not have revenue for last year. An encouraging sign is that Beyblade has continued to be strong in many markets, with strong point-of-sale growth in several countries including the U.S., Canada and Germany and net revenues in terms of shipments flat with last year. As 2012 was a non-movie year, it's not surprising that Transformers was down in the Boys category. However, although early in the year, the brand is flat with last year on an overall brand revenue standpoint with new initiatives including Transformers Rescue Bots and Bot Shots contributing to the Preschool and Games categories. Additionally, licensing revenue for Transformers grew year-over-year. Point-of-sale trends for Transformers were up in many countries, including the U.S., Canada, U.K., France, Germany and Mexico. We're also seeing good early success with Transformers Prime as television is now airing in more than 160 countries. The Boys category will benefit from the launch of 4 major motion pictures in the coming months to global audiences. In partnership with Universal, Battleship is off to a great early start. The film recently launched in more than 50 international territories, and while we're still awaiting final numbers, we are very pleased that in just 12 days, the film has grossed more than $100 million in international box office revenue. Marvel has 2 tremendous films this year: The Avengers from Marvel opens May 4, and The Amazing Spider-Man from Marvel and Sony opens July 3. Both brands are being supported with television animation, and we have strong lines for both properties. Finally, in partnership with Paramount, we're excited for the return of G.I. Joe to the big screen in G.I. Joe: Retaliation, coming to theaters on June 29. In Preschool, Sesame Street contributed to the year-over-year gains as did Playskool Heroes, with Transformers Rescue Bots leading Playskool Heroes' growth. While the Girls and Games categories were down in the quarter, My Little Pony posted positive shipments for Hasbro and positive point-of-sale growth in several countries, including the U.S., U.K., France and Spain. My Little Pony television programming is currently airing in these countries, as well as in more than 160 countries worldwide. We also launched Dizzy Dancers, which is part of our FurReal Friends line in the first quarter, and this is off to a good start in early markets like the U.S. and Australia.  We have many innovative new initiatives coming for Girls this fall, including Baby Butterscotch and FurReal Friends and Baby Wanna Walk from Baby Alive, as well as great new look for Littlest Pet Shop inspired by television programming in the U.S. and Canada this fall and rolling out to additional markets beginning spring of '13. We're also very excited about the return of Furby to our line-up this fall. We are not yet sharing specific details of the new Furby, but we are pleased with the reception Furby has received thus far by our retail partners and we look forward to unveiling Furby to consumers. In the Games category, we continue to view 2012 as a year for stabilizing Games, with the intent of growing the category in 2013 and beyond. At the end of the first quarter, our retail inventories in Games are down significantly in the U.S. from last year, as we restage the business and reinvent our Games initiatives beginning in the second half of 2012. Despite this trend, several Games brands grew in the quarter including continued strong performance from Magic: The Gathering and growth in Duel Masters and Battleship. As we outlined at Toy Fair, we have developed new initiatives which focus on the game-ification of play, and these are off to a good start, including Star Wars Fighter Pods and Transformers Bot Shots. Later this year, we have innovative new games being introduced, including a completely reimagined Lazer Tag, a new way to play Twister with Twister Dance and an all-new Monopoly, MONOPOLY Millionaires. This year, we also have an entirely new game brand, Kaijudo from Wizards of the Coast. Kaijudo is supported by all-new television programming, which begins airing on The Hub in May, as well as an online battle game in May and a trading card game, which launches in limited edition release in June.  We're also very excited to establish a multi-year partnership with Zynga, under which Hasbro will develop and distribute wide-ranging product lines based on Zynga's games brands and a number of toy and game categories. The first products under this agreement will be available fall 2012. Finally, our television initiatives are trending positively. The Hub ratings are up 32% in the first quarter versus last year in total day kids 2 to 11. As we look at the overall schedule on The Hub, Hasbro-branded television shows accounted for 6 of the top 10 series in the quarter, with Transformers Rescue Bots and My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic ranking #1 and #2 for kids 2 to 11. Outside the U.S., our shows are now airing in more than 160 countries worldwide and are performing quite well. 2012 is the first year in which we have programming and merchandise globally, and early sales trends support our long-stated premise that television programming drives merchandise sales. Through a multi-year agreement with Netflix that we sighed this month, we have dramatically expanded our audience by 24 million homes. Netflix will be airing 10 Hasbro Studios shows in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, including Transformers Prime and My Little Pony. These shows are part of the Just for Kids section of Netflix, which is performing well. Our approach to television programming has been an all-screen strategy from the start, and this agreement dramatically expands the visibility and distribution of our shows. In closing, the first quarter is in line with our expectation and what we outlined for you on a number of occasions. We are on track for delivering our full year plan, which is centered around the execution of our global brand blueprint through a focus on innovation, new inventions, immersive experiences and our International business all while planning a return in the U.S. business to historical levels of operating profit margin versus 2011 results.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, and good morning. As Brian said, beginning in November of last year, we outlined for you our plan that calls for 2012 to develop later in the year more closely aligned with the timing of consumer demand in the U.S. and Canada and more reflective of the trends historically evident in our International segment. As you may recall, our plan outlined approximately 2% to 4% more of our full year revenues to occur in the second half 2012 than we historically reported. This shift impacted both our revenues in the first quarter and our profit.  Consistent with this plan, first quarter worldwide net revenues were $648.9 million, down 3% versus $672 million last year. Foreign exchange had a negative $8.5 million impact on net revenues for the quarter. Operating profit for the quarter was $15.7 million versus $48.9 million in 2011. This reflected not only the lower revenues in the quarter but also $11.1 million in severance costs. We also had an extra week of certain fixed expenses, as the first quarter 2012 was a 14-week period versus a 13-week period in 2011. The extra week of expense equated to approximately $6 million. As a result, we reported a net loss of $2.6 million or $0.02 per share in the quarter. Excluding the severance costs, net earnings were $5.1 million or $0.04 per share.  Looking at our first quarter 2012 results by segment, the U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $329 million, down 16% versus $391.2 million last year. We are executing our plan to return the segment to historical operating profit margin levels and better align our shipment timing with the timing of consumer demand. We've taken steps to right size the organization and implement a higher level of spending in consumer-facing marketing and advertising. As a result, in the first quarter, we incurred severance costs in the segment and increased our advertising spend. We're also working with our retailers to ensure the right level of product is available later in the year, more closely aligned with consumer demand. As we expected, these actions resulted in lower revenues and lower profit for our U.S. and Canada segment. However, we also saw positive results at retail, with a 20% reduction in retail inventory at our top 4 accounts as well as a 6% increase in point-of-sale in the quarter. Consistent with the shift in revenue timing, net revenues growth in the Preschool category was offset by declines in the Boys, Girls and Games product categories. The U.S. and Canada segment reported an operating profit of $14.4 million or 4.4% of revenues for the first quarter 2012 versus an operating profit of $41 million or 10.5% of revenues in 2011. The decline in operating profit margin is primarily the result of lower revenues in the quarter, as well as steps the U.S. and Canada team is taking to position this segment for profitable growth. These steps include not only severance costs but advertising spend 0.75% higher as a percentage of net revenues than a year ago at this time as well as a mix of product sales versus the first quarter 2011. In addition, we had an extra week of certain expenses during the quarter. However, our underlying expenses are down in the quarter as the team positions the business to return to historical operating profit levels. First quarter 2012 International segment net revenues increased 14% to $289.7 million compared to $254.3 million last year. As for the negative foreign exchange impact of $8.2 million, net revenues in the International segment grew 17%. The results in this segment reflect continued growth in all major geographic regions as well as growth in the Boys and Games product categories, which more than offset flat revenues in the Preschool category and a decline in the Girls category. The International segment reported an operating loss of $5.1 million compared to an operating loss of $1.7 million last year. This segment's results reflect continued investments in emerging markets, including the expansion of our sales and marketing office in Russia, which we shared with you in November. Additionally, this segment was impacted by severance costs as our first quarter restructuring actions were not limited to the U.S. and Canada segment. Excluding severance and one-time items, the International segment's operating loss as a percentage of revenues was slightly less than last year. The Entertainment and Licensing segment first quarter revenues increased 19% to $29.3 million from $24.6 million last year. Revenue growth in the Entertainment and Licensing segment reflects the sale of television programming globally, as well as movie and licensing revenue from Transformers. The Entertainment and Licensing segment reported an operating profit of $7.7 million compared to $5.4 million in 2011. Higher revenues and better expense leverage drove the 42% increase in operating profit in the quarter. For the company overall, cost of sales for the quarter was $257 million or 39.6% of revenues compared to $267.2 million or 39.8% of revenues last year. This included $2.8 million of severance costs in the first quarter of 2012. Our full year target for cost of sales remains in the 42% of revenues range.  From an expense standpoint, royalties were 8.1% of revenues compared to 6.4% of revenues in 2011 and reflect strong sales of entertainment properties, including Beyblade, Marvel, Star Wars and Transformers. For the full year 2012, we continue to anticipate royalties to be in the 7% to 8% of revenues range. SD&A increased as a percentage of revenues to 30.8% in 2012 versus 27.7% in 2011 due to the lower revenue level in the quarter as well as $5.9 million of severance costs. We continue to target SD&A to be below 20% of revenues for the full year 2012. Our advertising-to-revenue ratio in the first quarter was up versus 2011. For the full year, we're planning for ad spending to be up, and the target for the company's overall advertising and revenue ratio remains in the 10% to 11% range. Moving below operating profit, interest expense totaled $23.1 million versus $21.4 million in 2011. The $1.7 million increase is primarily due to higher short-term borrowings as well as the impact of the extra week. Other income was $2.5 million in the first quarter of 2012 versus an expense of $4.7 million in 2011. The year-over-year improvement was primarily the result of higher interest income and investment gains, as well as foreign currency gains in 2012 versus losses in the first quarter of 2011. Our 50% share of The Hub is included on this line in the P&L. For the first quarter 2012, our share of the earnings in The Hub was a loss of $1.8 million compared to a loss of $2 million in 2011. Our underlying tax rate for the first quarter 2012 was 26% compared to an underlying tax rate of 28% in the first quarter 2011. We expect our full year tax rate to be in line with the first quarter's 26% rate. For the quarter, average diluted shares were 129.6 million compared to 141 million last year. It should be noted that due to the fact we reported a loss in the first quarter, basic and diluted shares are the same. If we had reported net earnings for the quarter, our average diluted shares would have been 131.6 million. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $883.8 million compared to $927.4 million a year ago and $641.7 million at year end 2011. Operating cash flow for the trailing 12 months was $404.3 million and includes $78.3 million in television programming costs over the period. Almost all of our quarter end cash balance is held outside of the U.S. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 140,000 shares of common stock at a total cost of $5 million and at an average price of $35.80 per share. At quarter end, $222.3 million remained available under our current share repurchase authorization. We will continue to repurchase shares opportunistically in the open market using the current authorization as appropriate. However, as we stated in February, we do not currently anticipate repurchasing shares at the same level as we did in 2011 and 2010. We paid $38.6 million in cash dividends to shareholders during the quarter. Our next dividend payment is on May 15 and reflects the 20% increase in the quarterly dividend announced in February. We currently anticipate full year 2012 dividend payments to be approximately $178 million compared to $154 million for the full year 2011. The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good, and receivables at quarter end were $456.6 million versus $559 million last year and $1 billion at year end. DSOs were 63 days, down 12 days versus last year. This improvement was primarily the result of a greater level of shipments occurring early in the quarter, which were collected by quarter end, and the extra week in the quarter compared to a year ago, allowing a greater level of collections to be made. We continue to reduce our inventory levels, and at quarter end, inventories were $397 million compared to $401.3 million a year ago and $334 million at year end. Depreciation and capital expenditures for the quarter were $19.3 million and $23 million, respectively. We have begun 2012 as we expected, and as we outlined for you, our significant investments over the past few years are now in place and we have restructured both our U.S. and Canada segment and our Games team. Coupled with the strong product initiatives we have for the year, we continue to believe, absent the impact of foreign exchange, we will again grow revenues and earnings per share for the year. Brian, David and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You guys did provide us with a lot of detail in the prepared remarks. You did say that retail inventories in the Games business was down year-over-year. Last quarter as well, you provided some useful color. Wondering if you could just give us some more detail around the inventories perhaps around some of your other business lines?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think, Felicia, we're feeling very good about inventories both at Hasbro and at our retailers. If you look at the retailers, we're down nearly 40%, 39.9% or something in terms of gains. And overall, we're down 20%. We're down -- in addition to Games, we're down in Nerf, where we're a little bit long at the end of the year, but we're up in a lot of the new lines like Beyblade, we we're in short supply at the beginning of last year. We're up in Beyblade. We're up in My Little Pony, which is a brand that's doing very well for us at the moment. And the brands that has been experiencing some decline, like Littlest Pet Shop, we're down in Littlest Pet Shop, for example. So overall, as you look at our inventories, we're feeling good. We're longer where we've got momentum and the product's selling well and is driving up POS, and the brands that are moving a little bit less well at the moment, we're significantly down in those brands.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. And did you see -- do you think you saw any impact from Easter on either at point-of-sale levels or inventory levels or overall?
Brian D. Goldner: Our point-of-sale in the first quarter was up in the U.S., as we said, by 6%. And if you look Easter versus Easter, we're up as well in single digits.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On Games and Puzzles, are you continuing to see a bifurcation of performance? In other words, how did the mega brands do compared to the rest of the business? I know you highlighted some aspects that were strong, but just in general.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Again, I think we have major innovations. We're seeing those brands doing very well. Obviously, Battleship is up year-over-year. Magic: The Gathering is performing exceedingly well, up probably nearly 40% in the quarter. We're seeing things like Monopoly, with the Electronic Banking, perform very well. So again, a range of where there are innovations, a range of games that are performing well. In fact, as we look at it, a few categories of games like children's games and preschool games were actually up in terms of POS in the quarter. So I think what we're seeing is, as we're applying more innovation, as we're beginning the process of reinventing and reimagining that business, and we have a number of new initiatives that are first launching now like the Fighter Pods as well as Bot Shots now, and then in the second half of year, whether it's Lazer Tag or a number of other new initiatives that are coming, we feel very good about our plan for Games and our guidance that we've provided, again, stabilizing the business in '12, growing it for '13.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, you didn't mention the zAPPed GAME OF LIFE. Is that -- how is that doing?
Brian D. Goldner: It's been off to a good start. Again, it's a -- spring is always about creating the marketing and impression around the brand. We start to see the volumes going. But you're going to see a number of brands that marry iPads or iPhones or that hybridization of games where you have the -- both digital and analog together, and they're off to a very good start.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And Deb, the gross margins. Just wondering, what drove the year-over-year improvement on a year-over-year decline in revenues?
Deborah Thomas: The improvement in gross margin really related to the product mix. In addition to that, we had some factory under absorption last year that we didn't have this year. And that was just -- really, it was about product mix and the pricing that we took early in the year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then final question also for you, Deb. The share repurchase, it just is -- we haven't seen a level this low since fourth quarter of 2010. Just wondering how we should think about that going forward? And is that mainly due to cash being mostly offshore or other issues?
Deborah Thomas: Well, that's correct, Felicia. I mean, most of the cash is offshore, and we've been trying to highlight it. As a matter of fact, the predominant amount of our cash at the end of this quarter, again, remains offshore. And we continue to expect to opportunistically repurchase in the market under our open authorization, however, at lower levels than 2011 and 2010.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Carroll with UBS.
Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a quick question. I mean, if you would have talk about some of the entertainment properties, is there any color in terms of what shipped domestically during Q1? Outside of Star Wars, obviously.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. In fact, Rob, if you look across the entertainment brands, Star Wars was up significantly in the quarter, as you indicate. But so was Marvel, and we are seeing great early success from Avengers. We feel very good about the Marvel brand overall, that was up significantly in the quarter. G.I. Joe was up in the quarter. Beyblade was flat in the quarter. Transformers as a brand was flat in the quarter. Battleship was up significantly in the quarter. And then a kind of an entertainment brand of a difference sort, Sesame Street was up in the quarter. But so was My Little Pony, up in the quarter behind television. And we also, if you go underneath, Transformers and the Prime, Transformers Prime, the TV related product line where we have TV shows airing around the world, 160-plus [ph] countries, that too was off to a very strong start. So the premise around -- our premise around both television-supported initiatives as well as movies initiatives are working, albeit early days. And I would just remind you in terms of -- as you think about quarter-on-quarter revenues, remember that next quarter, the second quarter, you're going to see that motion picture revenue versus a year ago and things like Transformers be much stronger. So again, it's that mix of Transformers overtime that will change what we're seeing. But underneath Transformers, a little more color, is that we're beating the trend on the year after for movie-related or Boys' action-related product lines. And then the Transformers Prime, Bot Shots and some of our other initiatives, like KRE-O, the new brand KRE-O, are making up that difference, and that's how we get back to virtually flat.
Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then on Beyblade specifically, I mean, during Q1 of 2011, were you guys still supply constrained on manufacturing?
Brian D. Goldner: We were. We were -- particularly, as we were chasing product in the U.S. In U.S., we're seeing very strong point-of-sale albeit not as strong shipments versus a year ago, only in that we're working -- had been working through some of the early inventories. But the point of sale is very, very strong and similarly catching up on year-ago inventory in international markets.
Operator: Our next question is from James Hardiman of Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Couple of questions. First on the retail, you talked about 20% decline in inventories at retail overall. How much of that was a function of the shifted timing of your shipments later into the year? And how much was that -- how much of that was retail proactively scaling back on their inventories? And as we work our way through the year, do you get any of that back?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, in fact, if you look back to what we had outlined for you, in fact, what we're saying is that 2% to 4% of our annualized revenue is one could expect to see in the back half of the year versus the first half of the year versus historical trends. So in fact, we do expect that we will get that back more in line with consumer demand. It's been a partnership between us and the retailers to ensure we're dropping retail inventories at the right places. Meanwhile, we're bringing in lot of new initiatives, so whether it's Dizzy Dancers or Transformers Bot Shots or Fighter Pods and Star Wars. So you're seeing a lot of new initiatives get up and underway, as well as rolling out KRE-O around the world in Transformers and Battleship KRE-O in 10 markets. So it's really that combination. I would say that it is all about the inventory management. It's the reason why the inventories are down. And obviously, our POS has been up, so we're also selling through inventory.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: And so as I think about that inventory over the remainder of the year, it sounds like maybe you get some of that back. But how should I think about, when we exit from 2012, what do you think based on the cadence that you're hearing from retailers, what do you think you'll finish the year on that front?
David D. R. Hargreaves: So I think we're going to make it both at the end of 2011 and at the end of 2010. Within the U.S., our retailer inventories were too high. So I think within our guidance this year, that we expect to grow revenues again. We actually are expecting a bit in the U.S. our POS grows by more than our shipments into the trade and we actually will finish the year with less retailer inventory than we've had in either the last 2 years.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Great. And then shifting gears here to the Games business. I've got to ask, this Draw Something game basically seems like iOS version of your Pictionary game. And this is ultimately the second time this has kind of happened to you guys. I guess, first question, can you talk about patent protection in some of your Games business? Creating a digital version of your game, does that basically get around any patents or exclusivity you have there? And I guess, just secondly, talk a bit about your ability to win on digital platforms versus competitors that take what seems to be some of your intellectual property and just puts it on those digital platforms?
Brian D. Goldner: If you look at our licensing revenues and digital year-over-year, they're running about a year ago, a little bit down versus a year ago. But that's just as we transition from console gaming to some of the online and mobile gaming, but again very strong revenues overall continue in our digital gaming. Obviously, we have some protections around trademarks, but there's play patterns and copyrights that you can't protect. And so one of the strategies we've had proactively over the last couple of years since '07 as we signed the deal with EA and then, more recently, with Activision, has been to ensure that our games are out there. And so we have, I think over the period, over 75 Games brands EA has launched and titles that they've launched for Hasbro in the digital arena and with good operating profit margins for us as a partner in all of that. As we go forward, clearly, we've reached out to some of these partners, and our long-term deal now with Zynga enables us to take advantage of some of their development. And certainly, anything that Zynga has would be something that we'll develop. And we're going to develop it in a way that really as additive, not just exploitive of the online property. So you'll see this fall our new launches, which we haven't outlined yet. The new launches for this fall literally add to the play in a way that you haven't been able to play before online. And then in doing so, in our analog game, it enhances the online play, and then the online play in turn would enhance the analog play. So you'll see that we're going to marry up our brands in a number of ways. You have fully digital versions, hybridized versions, versions on the iPad and versions on mobile, but also brand new ways to think about what we might call, broadly speaking, board gaming and off-the-board gaming as we go forward.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Excellent. And then just one last clarification here. Help me understand the extra week. You talked about it being $6 million in fixed expenses. Was there any impact on the top line? And ultimately, what was the bottom line impact of that extra week?
Deborah Thomas: Well, the extra week really, because of the time of the year, when it comes, we talked about it being in the early part of the year. So it really didn't add anything significant in terms of revenue. However, by having an extra week of fixed expenses in the company, it impacted us by about $6 million in the quarter.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: And that's ultimately the net impact, $6 million to the bottom line as well?
Brian D. Goldner: That's right.
Deborah Thomas: Right.
Operator: Our next question is from Margaret Whitfield with Sterne Agee.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I was curious, since I saw some Avengers products on shelves early, how much that line contributed to the quarter? Also with Beyblade starting out relatively good in terms of consumer demand, what's your current thought of where you might end the year for Beyblade? Will it still be down significantly?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, thus far, Margaret, Beyblade is basically flat. Obviously, we've guided everyone to not expect that as we go forward. But it's very heartening to see the kinds of POS gains we're seeing in the U.S. and several countries around the world. We had mentioned to you, we were going try to buck historical trends by adding new innovations to Beyblade, which we are adding and will both be expressed in toys as well as expressed in the animation and the series itself, which is new for the brand versus the last time it was launched. Let's see, on Avengers, it did contribute to the quarter. And I don't think we give like quarterly numbers. But it did contribute to the quarter, we began shipping Avengers. But overall, we feel very strongly the Avengers is going to perform very well in the marketplace. What's heartening about the Marvel business for us is not only is it growing in the U.S., but it's growing more quickly internationally as we work with Marvel globally to really build this business. And so we're seeing great uptake on Avengers and anticipation and excitement around Spider-Man that follows. And we also have a lot of classic product. And the Marvel business will also be supported by a number of animated shows, both here in the U.S. and outside the U.S. around the world. So again, the Marvel business for us, we had always seen as a significant contributor, plus side contributor, and it's bearing out.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And Sesame Street did not increase overseas, but it did in the U.S. of course. It wasn't in the line a year ago. What's going on with Sesame Street in terms of your international markets?
Brian D. Goldner: It just -- it takes a bit longer. A lot of preschool products are language-dependent so you have to take the time in order to translate those products into multiple different languages. So that takes a few more quarters, and then we want to coordinate that with the television episodes that are airing around the world. So I think you'll just see that happen, it's just -- again, it's a matter of timing.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Can I conclude from the inventory at retail that your carryover inventory is virtually gone at this point?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I mean, the retailers are heading into the second quarter. And clearly, they've got inventory to sell. I think areas where we were long will certainly work that down, and it's at an adequate level. And we've got a lot of inventory -- or not a lot, but sufficient inventory of the new initiatives like The Avengers and Battleship, which are coming very shortly, and supply in terms of Beyblade now were fairly short a year ago. So I think we feel good about the overall quality of the inventory.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And for Deb, could you comment on the outlook for program production cost amortization for the year? Because you were flat year-over-year in Q1.
Deborah Thomas: Yes, we were. And for the full year, 50 -- I think we're looking at about $70 million in program production amortization.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, $60 million or $70 million, Margaret.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: How do you think the inventory reduction overall at retail for the industry will impact the manufacturers both from a sales perspective or maybe needing to have more inventory on hand as we get to the holiday?
Brian D. Goldner: Well , I think what's interesting is that, in fact, and what we've done in the U.S. as part of employing the strategy has been to up the advertising and to work through good products in the springtime, driving POS or the product lines that were good albeit not shipped in necessarily in the quarter, driving down that inventory and beginning to ship a lot of new initiatives in a lot of these brands. And you'll see more of that as we get into the second half and across the brand portfolio, whether it's Nerf or Pet Shop or Pony or in our Games business, a raft of new initiatives there widely supported by retailers not only here in the U.S. but globally. So I think it's been part of our expressed strategy. It's something we outlined for you last fall and, again, in February. And I would say we are absolutely executing the plan we intended to execute in 2012. David, I don't know if you want to add anything.
David D. R. Hargreaves: No, I think as we all know, most toy sell 50% in the last quarter of the year. And in international markets, in markets around the world, we tend to ship close to 40% in the last quarter of the year. In the U.S., working with the retailers, we tried to level or lower that a bit, and we've been shipping a lot more during the early part of the year and earning maybe 24% during the fourth quarter of the year. I think as we and retailers work together, we say that go forward, we need the shipping patterns to look -- need to look more like the international level. They had issues associated with shipping too much in -- early in the year. And to be honest, if you're going to give retailers flow allowances or warehouse allowances, then you're spending money against the retailer, which will be better spending against your consumer and your advertising. So I think with -- working with the retailers in the U.S., we're saying no, we won't be shipping it later in the year, more in line with consumer demand.
Brian D. Goldner: It also allows us to be more responsive as we start to see product lines accelerate. We're able to ship more of those inventories, and we're already seeing that in the first quarter where we're able to -- where we'd look at new product lines that have begun quite strongly in certain regions or territories. Star Wars Fighter Pods, Avengers, Transformers Bot Shot, where we're able to fill that inventory because we haven't already put inventory into play.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Good. And just in terms of sales of your movie-related products. Last year was, obviously, a tough comparison year. Do you have any change in terms of your view on how some of those products are selling at retail at this point?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. We -- as I was looking at the numbers, what we're really seeing, as we said, is Transformers overall as a brand is relatively flat year-on-year. And that has to do with new Games initiatives and our Preschool initiative with our Rescue Bot line. Overall, if you look at the Boys business, it's tracking better than one would expect on a year-over-year decline in following a movie year. So typically, we would see about a 50% decline, and we're tracking more strongly than that in the first quarter, recognized that we had the benefit of a DVD out in the fourth quarter, lots of excitement around the Transformers brand as people see that and still shipping Transformers-related movie product and selling it through in the first quarter. So right now, we are down around 30% versus historical level of 50%.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Good. And just finally, on games, how much do you think of the decline and kind of softness that you've been seeing the last year or so? Is it due to just the category being a little bit softer which we've seen or is it just a function of your -- getting your kind of your product, new product, as well as marketing and improving that to capitalize on it.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think it's been -- really, it's a shift in thought process and a shift in strategy. There was a day many years ago, actually -- and now, as we think about it, not that many years ago, that you could make a new game, "game brand" and you have a game SKU and a TV commercial and you'd be off to the races. And what we've really recognize now is you need a raft of innovations, you need to really think about that brand across multiple platforms and you need to focus on fewer brands and -- much more intensely. And so in doing so, like Magic: The Gathering is a perfect example and very emblematic of what we've done, which is to develop the online Magic: The Gathering online game, a digital game that marries up with the analog game to go back out to lapsed users, the team's done a very effective job of getting lapsed users as well as new users into the analog, meaning paper-based trading card game around the world but also marrying that with any number of iterations of digital game play. That's -- to me, that's a great example of what you're going to see from us in developing that ecosystem both in our own brands as well as our partnered brands alongside Zynga, alongside of EA, alongside of Activision.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: So first on Battleship. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe that gross revenue participations from the film are not included in your guidance. Now that we're seeing a strong start to the film internationally, I wondered if you might be able to give some color on what those contributions could be in 2012? And then secondly, with regard to your buybacks, given your positive tones toward the back half of the year and given the prices where you bought stock back before, why not be a little bit more aggressive down here in the low 30s?
Brian D. Goldner: So on the first point, Battleship now, we've gotten some final numbers in this -- early this morning from the weekend. So after just 12 days, we've done nearly $130 million, $129.6 million at the global box office, very strong starts around the world, #1 in a number of markets around the world, in Asia, in Europe, in Russia. So again, really bearing out our strategy. In terms of our participation, as we get participation, which we are a first-dollar gross participant on this film, that would appear as revenue in the Entertainment and Licensing segment of the business. Although, I'm not going to guide you as to what that could be. But again, it's an improvement versus our prior deals that we had made as we get or established in...
David D. R. Hargreaves: And we certainly planned for that in our plan. So the guidance we gave, we certainly assumed that we would be getting some revenues from Battleship participation.
Brian D. Goldner: Right. And in terms of the buybacks, I think it's a matter of us looking at our cash throughout the year, utilization of cash versus short and long-term debt and making good decisions about how to return excess cash to shareholders, recognizing that a lot of our cash is now held offshore. So again, we've guided around remembering last year that we were buying back shares more aggressively based on our week.
Operator: Our next question is from Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions here. Could you be more specific about where you're seeing the bulk of the weakness in Girls' toys? And you've mentioned a couple of lines that were up, but could you get us to the 18% decline somehow?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think the biggest element there has been -- as the U.S. business is down in the first quarter, clearly, that's impacted the Girls business in particular and a couple of brands. Pet Shop has been down. It's down more in the U.S. than internationally. And FurReal Friends year-over-year in the first quarter is certainly down as we transition out of some product lines and into the early days of Dizzy Dancers. And those 2 things have an impact in the quarter, given that it's a low revenues quarter overall. And then, as we've said, Littlest Pet Shop is now planned for the new animation as well as a whole new line in the fall. FurReal Friends, in addition to Dizzy Dancers, which is off to a strong start, has number of new brand. And then Baby Alive, that had modest growth in the quarter, has a lot of new initiatives in the second half of the year.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And could you comment on what you're seeing in -- within Games at point-of-sale relative to some of the other category? I mean, you mentioned that overall it was up 6%, but how is it trending in Games?
Brian D. Goldner: Games is -- Games was down in POS 5.8% around in the first quarter, but recognize that's far above the decline in inventories and in sell-in. So we're selling down and selling through those inventories. A number of Games brands certainly performed well in the quarter. We have strong sell-through in Transformers Bot Shots and Fighter Pods, as well as Monopoly and Battleship. And there's a few other brands I probably haven't mentioned, but certainly, in that mix, we're also selling through inventories of the Games.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. The program -- just to follow up on Margaret's question of program amortization cost being flat with last year. Is this the kind of relationship of first quarter to full year that we should be expecting from here on out? Because it just seems a little low relative to the full year, or actually, more than a little low.
Deborah Thomas: I think it's really just kind of the timing. If you look at and think about when we've talked before about looking at the trend of the amortization along the lines of our revenue in the quarter, that's probably why it's looking so low right now, so the amortization timing tends to follow basically the revenue trends.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I just thought that with all the program sales that happened kind of late last year -- or the second half, anyway, of last year that, that line would be at least up.
Deborah Thomas: Right. And we do have a lot of those shows that are going to start to air a little bit later in the year.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, a related question, then. And so how will entertainment revenue then trend vis-a-vis program sales? You book a deal then I know you've recognized the revenue over some time periods, so how's that going to trend the balance of this year? Will we continue to see increases in that line?
Brian D. Goldner: You would see the entertainment line trend up as we get paid for our TV shows. The TV shows have to be delivered and, therefore, they have to be translated into multiple languages and we have to -- we have different windows of airing around the world for those shows. But as we start to put those shows on the air, we get paid for the episodes. And that's what you're beginning to see, but again, it's early days. But the early indications, if you look at the impact from television, the early indications in the U.S. throughout Latin America, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, I mean, every market really where Transformers Prime is now running, we're seeing strong point-of-sale trends.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And 2 other quick questions. So in terms of royalties or whatever you would get on that box office participation on Battleship, has some of that already been booked at the time -- was some of that booked last year when the production got to a certain level? Or has any of that been booked?
Deborah Thomas: We do booked some when we start principal photography on the movie. So we did recognize that last year, maybe even late in '10. However, the box office revenue, when it begins to be reported to us, will be recognized through to Licensing. And as David mentioned, that was included -- there was an amount of that included in our plan when we gave our guidance for the year.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. So that's kind of thinking at the end of the quarter, they tell you what you earned, and if you find out what it is, will you open the mail and look at the check, right?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, yes, obviously, we can do some math and we can look at how the box office has performed with our participation.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so a lag on timing. And then finally, could you clarify what your goal is when you say that returning U.S. and Canada to historical levels of margins, what's your target timing on that? Is it run rate by the end of this year, or is it for the full year or is it full year 2013?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Operating profit margin is to get more normalized, and I think I would look back to years like 2010 as a good guidepost, and we would like to get there or close to that by the end of this year. So that would be for the full year 2012, the U.S. and Canada segment. Operating profit margin would be similar to 2010's level, not '11's. And to -- as we say, versus '11, we would be therefore up, and that to us is back to more historical levels and operating profit margin. And then at go forward, we would drive off of that number.
Operator: Our next question is from Gerrick Johnson of BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: A question on the balance sheet. Other current assets were up 62%. This is a 3/4 trend of big growth. What's in that line that's causing that to grow?
Deborah Thomas: Well, year-on-year, it's actually just the VAT receivable. So it's a timing issue on year-over-year.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'm sorry, it’s a what receivable?
Deborah Thomas: Tax receivable. Internationally, it's value-added tax. That's what's really causing it. It's just a timing issue.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And Brian, I think you mentioned Bot Shots and Fighter Pods in Games, is that accurate or should be in Boys?
Brian D. Goldner: No. Fighter Pods and Bot Shots are not considered board games, but they're in the broader definition of games, just as BOP IT! is in Games or Lazer Tag is in Games.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And speaking of Games, how about just the board game performance on its own? I was going to ask excluding trading card games because you call those had a strong performance. But now, I guess I'll exclude trading card games and Bot Shots and Fighter Pods. How about the board game -- the core board game business?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, let me look. Board games, the board game business was certainly down in the quarter, not down as much as inventories were down in the quarter. As we said, inventories were down 40% in the quarter. We're seeing some positive areas within board games as I mentioned. For example, Monopoly and some places where we have electronic banking and some of the early innovations that were out there either from fall or in springtime. And we would expect to see more of that in the second half of the year and -- as well, we will be launching the line of Zynga-based games, and that will be happening in the second half of 2012 as well. So that's where we are.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. And one last one, if I can. Your marketing that you plan for this year, is there any shift in the way you're using those marketing dollars versus traditional?
Brian D. Goldner: It is -- actually, let me follow up with one more point. The biggest decline within the Games business is actually the puzzle business, and we have a plan for how to handle puzzle. So that, as a percent, that's really the biggest drag on Games in the first quarter. Okay, and then -- sorry, what was the question?
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes. I was asking about marketing, the increase in marketing spend this year. Is there going to be any sort of shift in the way you use those marketing dollars this year away from how we traditionally TV advertise things?
Brian D. Goldner: I think you'll see it's kind of an all-platform strategy. The team has done a very good job in looking at how consumers make decisions about purchases, particularly in mature markets and certainly particularly in the U.S., recognizing the importance of digital platforms. You're going to certainly see an array of new digital marketing elements. Television is still important, and you'll see us focus on TV when we believe there's the highest propensity to drive consumer demand around Hasbro's strong brands and innovations. So it's really -- it's a kind of an all-mediums approach to marketing.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Kelter of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask within Boys about Nerf brand that was flat overall in '11, including down in the U.S. after a multiyear positive run. What are the current trends look like for Nerf and how confident are you that you can get that growing again versus being maybe a third drag in Boys along with Transformers and Beyblade this year?
Brian D. Goldner: It's going to be -- if you look at Nerf, the biggest decline in Nerf year-over-year is really in the U.S. business. So that had to do, as David mentioned, with the fact that we did have too much inventory on that brand than we've been selling through. The sell-through on that brand has been very good in this first quarter, and we do have some new initiatives around the glow-in-the-dark products in the springtime, as well as a lot of darts promotions. And so we've seen sell-through and lots of promotion around that brand. So again, that's really been the biggest element there in terms of the drag on the business.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes, and I think in our international markets, where sales tend to come later as we said, Nerf is still very much a growing business.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. And then the other thing, Michael, to know is we had a complete reinvention of the core dart business, which we did not have last fall. If you remember last fall, with Vortex, we added a new form factor in the disk caters [ph]. But this fall, we have new dart-related business, Nerf Elite line, which is brand new to the business and will allow for there to be a number of SKUs in the favorite -- fan-favorite dart business that are brand new and much higher performance.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then I also wanted to ask, from what I understand, action figures or the category hasn't been doing all that great for a little while now. I'm curious to understand, since it's an important category for you, due to the extent that you have visibility, what the trends look like? What do you think is going on there? Our play patterns changing for children, and this is something that to keep an eye on or do you think it's maybe just a fleeting kind of a dynamic because the properties haven't been enough to stimulate people to purchase? What do you think?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think we've certainly, over the last year, expanded the number and types of play patterns and the different kinds of innovations, whether it's Preschool, Transformers with Rescue Bots and our new play pattern that's easier to transform for littler hands. In Bot Shots, which is a brand new play pattern in Transformers, which is doing very well early this year as we launched it, that's a new play pattern, although its action figures and it's merchandised in the Boys isle. Fighter Pods within Star Wars, which is a whole new play pattern. So you're going to see from us a raft of new innovations in a short while, coming out, I believe, May 1, will start with -- and we told you about BONKAZONKS. And BONKAZONKS is all around the Marvel brands and a fun -- really a fun, new way to play action figures collect. So it's both the collectability of action figures, as well as a fun new battling kind of a play pattern. So when I talk about the game-ification of play, this is what we're thinking about, that so many of our brands have the opportunity to provide these new innovative ways to play, and so we're out really doing that proactively and we've been doing this for some time. Hence, we're launching these new initiatives now. The last area, I would say, is that as we see the growth of KRE-O around the world, we're really reemphasizing the innovation strategy there. There are things that we understand about that business being the Boys action business that we can really bring to KRE-O as we roll out, and that's why we're seeing such good early success.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Preschool, which is up only 2% despite adding Sesame Street to the mix. And Fisher-Price wasn't doing that well of late either. What do you think is going on from a consumer perspective in that category? Why are sales not necessarily all that robust in Preschool right now?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, if you look, our POS and Preschool was actually very strong in the quarter. So I think it's a matter of looking at Preschool again a bit differently. Our Play-Doh business is part of our Preschool business, and while it was only up a bit in revenues, the POS as we start to ship new play sets and new innovations as -- was quite strong in the quarter. If you look within Playskool Heroes, that whole category is really performing well, with Transformers Rescue Bots, the Star Wars Jedi Force and the Marvel Super Hero Squad, which is also on The Hub, and those have all strong performance. So I think it's different kinds of play patterns that are certainly working, and certainly Sesame Street is a major new contributor for us. So I just think it's early days, early in the year, and certainly our lowest revenue quarter year -- revenue quarter within the year. And so clearly, positive signs for us are the POS around our new initiatives.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And lastly, I just wanted to circle back on inventory because the number this quarter was roughly in line with last year. But if you recall, you guys weren't all that happy with the number last year and you spent all of 2011 trying to work it down, and you had. And you did a great job with that. And now that inventory number and dollars is back pretty much exactly where you started beginning of '11, how should we think about that?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, remember that our business outside the U.S. grew by 14% -- or 17% ex FX. So inventory -- pools of inventory are following sales. We have more territories, more new Hasbro marketing and sales teams and marketing and sales personnel selling Hasbro brands around the world than we ever have. And so as we build our capabilities and build brand blueprint, meaning TV on the air around our brands, motion pictures coming from our partners and from Hasbro, you are going to see a demand for more inventory because those markets need to feed consumer demand in those geographies. So that's a major driver of that. And then the U.S., clearly we have a lot of new initiatives. What we wanted to do is clear out the retailer shelves and clear out retail inventories so that we'd make room for our new initiatives that could benefit from the additional advertising and to guide you guys to say that, in fact, we are going to follow more of consumer demand and do that early enough so that you could be along there with us and on the same page as we go through this process.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things. Most questions have been answered here. But Brian, there's been a little confusion out in the market as far as the definition of Games being stable this year, your goal. Can you clarify that, are you talking flat year-over-year revenues or are you talking stabilization in the rate of decline?
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. I guess, the way I would view it, I would view stable meaning we would be very pleased if we improve the rate of decline, is one way to look at it. But I would just look at it in simple terms, Tim, to be plus-or-minus a few percentage points in terms of revenue for the full year. And just a very simple way to look at it is if we were down a few percentage points in revenue this year, and our rate of decline was better than prior year's or it'd be up a bit if everything broke right for us. That would be -- to me, that's the range we're talking about. So both has those 2 components. It's stabilizing the rate of decline, and it's also looking at just overall revenues being plus-or-minus a few percent.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great, great. And on the Zynga relationship, you talk about and you've mentioned this since day one of announcing the relationship that on the back half of the year, you're going be shipping product to -- off of the Zynga properties. I think also, you'd mentioned that there is the ability under the agreement for Zynga to do online games to be developed off of Hasbro's IP. Any timetable for where we could potentially see some of that being developed here?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we certainly will have a number of brands of Zynga's activated across a number of different iterations for this fall. So that's on track, and there'll be a number of ways to play Zynga games in an analog space, as well as adding to the digital play in a really unique way, and I can't wait to tell you guys or for you guys to see what we're talking about there. But certainly an added enhancement, building on what I talked about as that ecosystem, one enhances the other and the other feeds the next in a virtuous circle. So that's certainly a part of our plan. If you look at the -- our opportunities in digital gaming as we go forward, certainly, we have great partnership with Electronic Arts that was signed in 2007. That deal goes through the end of 2013 on a number of Games brands. There's an opportunity to renew that under certain conditions for another 4 years, and we've talked to you guys about that. But there are Games brands that are available to us right now to go after and to look at and there's new ways to think about Zynga's brands that would benefit the analog space, and we're doing both of those things right now. And clearly, also Activision is working with us as we're also working in joint ventures with NetDragon and Jagex on sort of MMOG. So there's an array of ways that we're bringing to life our Games business across a number of platforms.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then one related to the Girls business, and I apologize if I missed this. But I don't think you commented on how Girls' POS specifically was trending in the quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Just hang on. I'm looking. Girls' POS was down in the quarter, and it was down less than shipments.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of John Taylor of Arcadia Investment Advisors.
John Taylor: So I got a couple of questions. First, on The Hub. I wonder if you could give us any sense, quantify for us what kind of lift you're seeing in the markets. I think you mentioned Sony, for instance. So is there any way to do a before and after, and kind of give us a sense for that? That's the first question for The Hub. And the second one is given all the timing issues related to amortization and stuff that folks were asking about before, I'm wondering what the first quarter episodes -- broadcasts versus episodes broadcast last year might have been like and kind of maybe what your outlook for the full year is versus full year of 2011? So 2 questions on Hub, and then I got another question.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So John, if you look around the world, in fact, My Little Pony's on the air now in more than 160 countries, as is Transformers Prime. So we're actually seeing strong lifts in POS in early shipments around the world. Our POS and My Little Pony, for example, even in the U.S. was up over 50% in the quarter. Transformers was up very strongly around -- behind Prime in the quarter in the U.S. As we go around the world, we're seeing that My Little Pony in Latin America is up well more than 50%, whether it's Peru, Chile, Brazil, Mexico, Ecuador. So again, great point-of-sale gains. And it's really, our long stated premise but not -- it's not lost on everyone that television, particularly television outside the U.S. has historically driven merchandise sales and that's what we're seeing. On Transformers, the programming continues to drive and help us to drive our retail POS, whether it's Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong and Europe. The U.K, has seen significant growth in Transformers Prime in POS year-to-date, recognizing again it's still early days, but certainly a strong performance. As you look at The Hub, our growth on The Hub in the first quarter was up 32% in Kids total day, in our ratings. And Kids total day against kids 2 to 11 and it also grew with kids 6 to 11 and also grew with 18 to 49-year-olds. This is the second best quarter we've had since our start. And so again, it bodes well for the trends that Margaret and her team are putting together. Lots of new excitement as we bring on new series, and we get to our second and third seasons on some of our shows, as well as adding new shows like Kaijudo. So overall, very positive trend within television.
John Taylor: Yes. I was wondering on the episodes side though, as you take the Hasbro programming global, kind of what your episode comparison looked like maybe first quarter and your outlook for the year.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I'm trying to figure out how to answer to that.
John Taylor: I mean, 160 countries is -- that's a good headliner. But you just kind of wonder how many episodes are under each one of those and...
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. So what we've sold thus far is really we've sold in Season 1 or Season 1 and 2 depending on the brands. Overall, we have green lit [ph], which doesn't mean they're all being -- had been produced. But we have green lit [ph] over 750 half hours of programming around all of our brand shows. Our brand shows are 6 of the top 10 rated shows on The Hub and outperforming, working with great partners around the world, whether it's Disney or Nickelodeon or Cartoon Network or Carousel in Russia, our shows are performing very well. And as we're trying to give you some early indication of POS, certainly contributing to our POS as well as contributing to revenues because both Pony was up in the quarter versus a year ago, and that wasn't just in U.S. but actually vast growth outside the U.S. And Transformers being flat, certainly Transformers Prime has contributed to helping us get back that gap that is what we've talked about a lot, that we didn't have -- in 2010, because we're waiting on the launch of The Hub, we didn't have an animated series throughout 2010. We do have that animated series in 2012, so we would expect the decline in Transformers to be less than a traditional 50% drop-off in a non-movie year. So I'm not sure how else to answer that but I'm trying to give you some color around it.
John Taylor: Yes. Just kind of getting at the broadcast episodes around the world, kind of how many half-hour segments have actually been shown? That kind of comparison as a unit revenue driver and cost driver kind of...
Brian D. Goldner: No. So most of the series began airing in roughly in the fourth quarter of 2011. So it's just been early days. So I would say you're in the Season 1 primarily. I would doubt that anywhere around the world has seen Season 2, although it's been produced. And we're also translating episodes as we speak. So I would say primarily, you're talking about Season 1 shows, and that is the first season of Transformers Prime, which was 26 episodes; the first season of My Little Pony, which I remember as being 26 episodes; Pound Puppies; Chuck & Friends in Preschool; and then some of our game show formats being translated and aired in countries around the world.
John Taylor: Okay, great. And then Deb, on the DSO coming down so much and the shift in timing of shipments and so on, how -- do you think that was related to the price increase? And I recall, you had one in February 1 or something, that people buy early?
Deborah Thomas: And they have been some of it, but it was so -- it was really the January and February compared to the March timing. So it really was a shift in the quarter, but it was February as much as March -- I mean, as much as January rather. So -- and that extra week helped as well, particularly internationally, where you get March -- the very last day of March being a big collection day.
John Taylor: Okay, great. And then on the whole first half versus second half shift to 2% to 4%. So Brian, can we assume that huge piece of that is related to the gained shift closer to fourth quarter? Or are there -- is there shift towards more seasonal, the sort of higher price point holiday start shipping later? I mean, is there any way to talk about that in baskets?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think that the way to think about it is, in the first and second quarters, it's been about -- particularly, in the first quarter, been a reduction of historical inventories. And also as David outlined, typically, the U.S. might do 25% of its revenue in the first quarter, whereas the total company might do 15% to 17% of its revenue in the first quarter. We're going to follow more of that pattern over the first and second quarter, just in terms of matching consumer demand and consumer takeaways so as to allow us to get visibility to those lines that are really performing, given that we've made so many strong strides and improvement in our supply chain. We're able to do that, more just-in-time inventory. And therefore, able to follow really the consumer takeaway patterns. So it's kind of an across-the-board approach. It's advertising when the consumer has a high propensity to buy. There are certainly mitigating factors within that, especially in 2012 as we have strong entertainment properties coming out in second quarter. But recognize we have strong comps to go up against versus a year ago in Transformers in particular. And so I think that as we view the year, we look at it as being -- the best way to view it is that if you take 2% to 4% of historical level annualized inventory and were to ship that, that's what we'd sort of describe to you guys back in November and again in February, I think some of you have understood that more than others.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back to Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you for everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Finally, before we end today's call, we wanted to take this opportunity to update you on some of our investor relations activities for this year to facilitate your planning. First, our second quarter earnings release is tentatively scheduled for Monday, July 23, 2012, and our third quarter release is tentatively slated for Monday, October 22. Second, we are not planning to hold our fall investor day this year and plan to use this time as an opportunity to get out on the road and meet with investors. Additionally, on June 4, we will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Lodging, Gaming, Restaurant and Leisure Conference. We look forward to speaking with you in the coming months. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.
Brian D. Goldner: Thanks.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock -  Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer; and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings release was issued earlier this morning and is available on our website. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Additionally, whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results, and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, costs, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance and achieving our objective. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In 2011, we continued to develop and execute our branded play strategy. We invested in growing our capabilities to deliver innovation globally across our brands and our business. We invested in creating new teams to deploy our brands around the world adding new immersive experiences through entertainment, digital media and licensing. While these investments enabled us to deliver very strong growth in our International business during 2011, and overall solid revenue growth for the fourth quarter and full year, we did not meet our expectations for growth in the U.S. and Canada including in the Games & Puzzle business. When we look to our success in both mature and emerging markets internationally, we know and you can see that our innovation, marketing and brands are very successful. It is clear we can do better in the U.S. and Canada. In both this business and in gaming, we have taken steps to deliver more innovation and growth through the direction of new leadership and the implementation of new plans. I will speak to this more in detail shortly, but let's first review a number of successes from 2011. Revenue grew 7%, reaching $4.29 billion for the year, ahead of our 5% compound annual growth rate target for revenue. As a result of our expanded global footprint, marketing and brand innovation, the International segment grew 19% or 16% without the benefit of the foreign exchange impact. Revenue grew in every major territory internationally, in both mature and emerging markets, and we gained share in 9 of the 10 countries for which we have third-party data. As we indicated and planned, we are growing in Latin America, posting 19% growth during 2011 and at Asia Pacific, where we continue to have strong growth, up 24% in 2011 as we establish our presence in emerging markets and grow our business in mature markets.  In 2011, Hasbro was the fastest-growing major toy company in Western Europe. We gained 1.4 percentage points in market share, and have achieved market share leadership in 3 European countries. Through the successful implementation of our branded play strategy, which at the core, focuses on the innovation and invention of Hasbro brands worldwide, we are building bigger and more global brands. In 2011, several brands were more than $400 million of annual revenue including Transformers, which posted $483 million in revenue growing more than 85% year-over-year. Beyblade delivered $477 million in revenues on strong growth in the U.S. and international markets. And Nerf, which has grown fourfold over the past 5 years, was $410 million in revenue in 2011, essentially flat with 2010 and driven by strong growth overseas. The Nerf team continues to deliver great innovation for the brand and we have 2 major new initiatives planned for 2012. In addition to innovation within our core brands, we are inventing new global brands. In 2011, we successfully launched key initiatives including KRE-O and Sesame Street. Beginning in July 2011, KRE-O launched in 10 markets globally, generating tens of millions of dollars in revenue and good early market share. In 2012, we will add 15 new markets by year end, as well as expand the line to include Battleship supported by our major motion picture with Universal. 2011 was also our first year with Sesame Street and marked a great first step toward building a year-round global brand. To do this, we are creating play experiences around a number of Sesame Street characters, which engage children and help them to learn. We are very excited about the potential of this brand over the coming years.  Hasbro's inventory levels at year end are down 8%. In the U.S., retail inventory was essentially flat and of better overall quality than last year. Given the growth in our business internationally, retail inventories grew in many countries, but we are comfortable with the quality and level of inventory. In 2011, we also funded important investments, which expanded our global capabilities in sales, marketing, licensing, entertainment and infrastructure.  And finally, we grew EPS for the 11th consecutive year while returning $577 million to shareholders through our stock buyback and quarterly dividend programs. Last week, the board voted to increase our quarterly dividend 20% to $0.36 per share, marking the third year in a row we have grown our dividend 20% or more. In total, there were a number of things that worked well for Hasbro in 2011. However, despite these significant accomplishments, the year did not meet our performance expectations. Our U.S. and Canada segment declined 2%, weakening most notably post-Thanksgiving when the positive point of sale trends we had seen early in the quarter did not continue. This decline was in line with the industry decline in the U.S., reflecting a challenging economic environment but was not up to our expectations. As a result, we made some strategic moves in the leadership of our business. Wiebe Tinga, who many of you heard from at our Investor Day in November, has taken over as President of the U.S. and Canada business. He is a 24-year veteran of Hasbro, most recently serving as President of Asia-Pacific and Latin America and has been instrumental in the company's expansion in key emerging markets. In this role, Wiebe has built a strong team both in Asia-Pacific and Latin America, and the heads of these regions are now reporting directly to David Hargreaves, Hasbro's COO. Wiebe brings a tremendous track record of strong performance, and I'm delighted to have someone with his experience, passion and financial discipline to step in and lead our U.S. and Canada teams. He and the team are focused on returning the business to historical levels of profitability and rebuilding our share in the region by capitalizing on the strength of Hasbro innovation, marketing and brands as he has done successfully around the world. Additionally, our Games & Puzzle category performance in 2011 was disappointing, contributing to the weakness in U.S. We have already outlined for you a multi-year plan that is designed to drive innovation and excellence in gaming, stabilizing this business in 2012 and delivering growth in 2013 and beyond. We have a new team with a lot of talent from outside the traditional board game arena. We've invested in this team establishing the new Gaming Center of Excellence, and they are innovating, creating new technologies and inventing new brands. We continue to believe that through a combination of face-to-face, off-the-board, and digital gaming, there's an opportunity to grow our gaming business. We had a good foundation upon which to build as Hasbro has 8 of the top 10 game brands in the U.S. last year. At Toy Fair, we'll unveil a number of new gaming initiatives, which we are excited about and set the stage for the types of innovation we seek to bring to market go forward. Before I move on from gaming, let me speak to the continued success of Magic: The Gathering.  The team at Wizards of the Coast has done a tremendous job of taking this brand, which totaled less than $100 million in revenues in 2008, and was on the decline to where it is today, the largest brand in our Games & Puzzle category, the largest game brand in the U.S. and more than double the size it was just 3 years ago. It proves that with new leadership, strong consumer insights, innovative game play and the integration of face-to-face and digital play, gaming brands can thrive. We need to do more of this. In 2012, the team at Wizards of the Coast will unveil a completely new brand initiative, which you will learn more about at Toy Fair. Looking at the rest of our business in 2011, our Boys category had a tremendous year, growing 35% on the strength of Transformers and Beyblade, as well as the launch of KRE-O, significant sales of Nerf and growth in Super Soaker. Transformers revenue grew by more than 85% year-over-year and came in at the low end of our targeted revenue range for the brand. As the fourth highest grossing film of all time, Transformers: Dark of the Moon was extremely successful at the global box office, and we recently began airing Transformers Prime television animation around the world. In 2012, we have the benefit of global television programming, an innovative line with new characters and play patterns and several new digital gaming introductions behind the Transformers brand. Beyblade exceeded our expectations and was an incredible success globally. When we began to work on Beyblade with our partners, Nelvana, d-rights and Takara Tomy, we set out to manage it as a long-term battling brand, with continuous innovation beyond the core tops. We are entering the next phase of that strategy this year. In fall 2012, we are introducing an all-new play pattern supported by Nelvana's television entertainment and digital play called Beywheels [ph]. In addition, we have other new innovation in the line for 2012, which we will unveil at Toy Fair that will help the continued momentum in the brand. In 2012, we believe in our Marvel opportunity with Marvel and Sony's reinvention of The Amazing Spider-Man, as well as Marvel Studios' The Avengers. We're also looking forward to new Ultimate Spider-Man animation and continuing Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes animation. These films and television series help make up a tremendous entertainment slate we are supporting in 2012, which also includes Star Wars: The Phantom Menace in 3-D, which hits theaters this Friday; Battleship with Universal; and G.I. Joe: Retaliation with Paramount; as well as the global television programming behind Transformers; continued television animation and innovation in Beyblade. Now turning to our Girls category. Although overall, the category did not grow in 2011, My Little Pony through a coordinated entertainment, merchandise and retail program, as well as Baby Alive, which is growing in the U.S. and internationally, both posted year-over-year gains. FurReal Friends, after doubling revenues in 2010, remained essentially flat in 2011. This brand is a great success story. Created just 10 years ago, it is now a very significant growth brand for Hasbro. In 2012, FurReal Friends brings new play with the all new Dizzy Dancers line and an exciting new feature pet for the holidays. In fall 2012, Littlest Pet Shop will get a new look at its own Hasbro Studios television series set to air in the U.S. on The Hub. Similar to how we are successfully reigniting My Little Pony, Littlest Pet Shop television will tell stories, which engage the Littlest Pet Shop consumer and carry through our merchandise and retail presence. Finally, our Preschool category grew 4% in 2011 supported by the successful introduction of Sesame Street and innovation in core PLAYSKOOL. As I mentioned earlier, 2011 marked the first year we had product on shelf in our 10-year alliance with the Sesame Workshop. We are delighted to be working together, and last year was the beginning of building a year-round global brand for Sesame Street. We're off to a good start in 2011. Sesame Street was the #1 dollar growth property within the plush category.  Within Preschool, we also successfully introduced the all-new Playskool Heroes line based on Transformers, Star Wars and Marvel. In 2012, this line will benefit from theatrical releases for Star Wars and Marvel properties. Additionally, Transformers Rescue Bots television programming will premiere on The Hub on February 18. We're also excited that Marvel Super Hero Squad programming began airing on The Hub on January 30. In conjunction with this, Marvel is expanding its licensing business behind Super Hero Squad, which Hasbro will support with an expanded line of product. Turning to Hasbro television. Our global initiatives are making real progress with Hasbro Studios programming now airing globally in over 140 countries this year. In the U.S., we are one year into the launch of the all-new Hub Television Network, and the ratings trends continue to be positive. The fourth quarter is the first quarter we have year-over-year comparisons for The Hub. And during the quarter, The Hub posted 31% gains in total day against kids 2 to 11. The network posted growth throughout 2011, and Hasbro Studios series accounted for 5 of the top 10 series for the year.  In respect to our movie deals, Stretch Armstrong is scheduled for release on April 11, 2014, and we are partnering with Relativity to bring this film to global audiences. I've described to you before the value of reinventing a brand like Stretch Armstrong. Remember, we have not actively marketed Stretch Armstrong for nearly 20 years. While it is a vault brand, the reinvention and reimagination of this brand will deliver incremental revenues and profits as we activate the entire brand blueprint globally in 2014 and beyond. With Candy Land, we're pleased to expand our relationship with Sony. We are also looking forward to be working with Adam Sandler and his production company, Happy Madison, for the first time. The creative talent on board for Candy Land is amazing, and we're excited to see the world of Candy Land come alive for kids and families everywhere.  In 2012, we have 2 films based on Hasbro brands. First, in partnership with Universal, Battleship will debut on the big screen in April, internationally and in May, domestically. And together with Paramount, the second G.I. Joe film, G.I. Joe: Retaliation, will hit theaters in June. We are now working with 4 major studio partners: Sony, Relativity, Universal, and Paramount, which provides us access to amazing talent and tremendous resources. As we look ahead to this year, we believe absent the impact of foreign exchange, we can again grow revenues and earnings per share in 2012. Our focus is on the core tenets of our branded play strategy. This is centered on creating the most innovative play experiences in the industry, inventing new brands, keeping momentum in our International businesses while delivering new immersive brand experiences for our consumers. Our plan includes a return to historical profitability levels in the U.S. and Canada business and a drive for growth while creating innovative gaming experiences globally through newly created and reinvented Hasbro brands. I believe we have the right teams in place to make this happen. We have invested in the infrastructure to move from global aspirations to global execution and are positioned to capitalize on the innovation in our line all around the world. Our branded play strategy is working even as there are areas of improvement we need to make in our execution. We look forward to speaking with you later this week at our investor event in Toy Fair in New York, where we'll update you on our business and provide visibility to a number of new and exciting Hasbro brand initiatives. We hope you're able to join us. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning. As Brian spoke to, 2011 was a good year for Hasbro albeit with areas to improve. We grew our business, invested in long-term growth opportunities and returned $577 million in cash to you, our shareholders, through dividends and share repurchases. We grew revenue, operating profit and earnings per share including strong international growth. However, the results of our U.S. and Canada segment did not meet our expectations, and this impacted our performance for the full year. As Brian mentioned, we put new leadership in place to drive growth and improve profitability in this segment go forward. We're also keenly focused on managing our worldwide costs and improving the leverage of our expenses while continuing to unlock the potential of our brands globally. For the full year 2011, net revenues grew 7% to $4.29 billion from $4 billion in 2010. Foreign exchange had a $64.3 million favorable impact on net revenues for the year. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, net revenues grew 5.5%. While not as high a percentage growth as we had planned for, revenues were a record for our company. Looking at our full year 2011 results by segment, the U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $2.25 billion, down 2% versus $2.3 billion last year. Growth in the Boys and Preschool categories was offset by declines in the Girls and Games & Puzzles category. The U.S. and Canada segment reported an operating profit of $278.4 million or 12.4% of revenues for the full year 2011. This compares to $349.6 million or 15.2% of revenues in 2010. The decline in operating profit margin is primarily the result of lower revenues in the year, product mix and the impact from the sale of closed out inventory. In the International segment, net revenues for the full year 2011 increased 19% to $1.86 billion versus $1.56 billion in 2010. Absent a positive foreign exchange impact of $59.3 million, net revenues in the International segment grew 16%. The results in this segment reflect growth in all major geographic regions, including mature and emerging markets in Europe, Latin America and Mexico as well as Asia-Pacific. Growth in the Boys category more than offset declines in the Games & Puzzles, Girls and Preschool categories. The Boys category benefited from strong growth in Transformers, Beyblade, Nerf, Super Soaker and the introduction of KRE-O. Games & Puzzles declined but much less than in the U.S. Magic: The Gathering and the GAME OF LIFE were among the games brands which grew in 2011 internationally.  In Girls, FurReal Friends and Baby Alive grew in the year, but Littlest Pet Shop declined. And finally, the Preschool category was down slightly. Play-Doh continued to grow, and Sesame Street contributed to year-over-year yield gains but not at the level it did in the U.S. Operating profit in the International segment grew 29% to $270.6 million or 14.5% of revenues compared to $209.7 million or 13.4% of revenues in 2010. While we made higher levels of investment in building our global teams and capabilities during the year, the strong performance of this segment in 2011 more than offset those investments, and we delivered operating profit growth in all major regions. Consistent with our comments during the year, the full year International segment operating profit improved on these higher revenues and increased leverage on our investments.  The Entertainment and Licensing segment full year net revenues increased 19% to $162.2 million compared to $136.5 million in 2010. Revenue growth in the Entertainment and Licensing segment reflects the sale of television programming globally as well as movie and licensing revenue from Transformers: Dark of the Moon. For the full year 2011, the Entertainment and Licensing segment reported an operating profit of $42.8 million compared to $43.2 million in 2010. The impact of the higher revenues in 2011 was offset by investments we made in growing our global licensing teams and strengthening the capabilities of the U.S.-based team. Now let's look at earnings. For the full year 2011, we reported net earnings of $385.4 million or $2.82 per diluted share compared to $397.8 million or $2.74 per diluted share 1 year ago. 2011 earnings per diluted share of $2.82 includes the impact of a $20.5 million favorable tax adjustment or $0.15 per diluted share and pretax expense of $14.4 million or $0.07 per diluted share related to cost associated with establishing Hasbro's Gaming Center of Excellence in Rhode Island, both of which were announced in the second quarter 2011. 2010 earnings per diluted share also included a $0.15 favorable tax adjustment. Absent these factors, 2011 earnings per share increased 5.8% or $0.15 to $2.74 versus $2.59 in 2010. For the year, average diluted shares were 136.7 million compared to 145.7 million last year. Cost of sales for the year was $1.84 billion or 42.8% of revenues versus $1.69 billion or 42.2% of revenues in 2010. This resulted in a gross margin of 57.2% of revenues, which is below our stated target of 58%. The difference versus our expectation is attributable to the weakness in the U.S. and Canada during the fourth quarter. However, the year-over-year decline in gross margin is tied to several factors. These include a negative impact from product mix including a decline in the Games & Puzzles category for 2011, sales of closed down inventory and higher manufacturing variances due to slower games production during the year. Partially offsetting these factors were higher revenues for Magic: The Gathering as well as the higher margin Entertainment and Licensing segment. Operating profit for the year was $594 million or 13.9% of revenues versus $587.9 million or 14.7% in 2010. This includes $14.4 million related to costs associated with establishing our Gaming Center of Excellence. Excluding these costs, operating profit was 14.2% of revenue. As we've communicated to you throughout the year, 2011 included important investments in people, offices, and infrastructure to advance Hasbro's global capabilities, much of which is in our SD&A expense. For the full year, SD&A increased $40.9 million to $822.1 million, representing 19.2% of revenues versus $781.2 million or 19.5% of revenues in 2010. This includes $7.6 million of costs related to establishing the Gaming Center of Excellence. Despite the significant investments we made in 2011, our full year SD&A expense did not increase as much as we had originally anticipated. The lower-than-expected SD&A increase is primarily the result of lower stock compensation in bonuses due to the underperformance of the company versus our financial performance targets combined with a proactive effort to reduce planned expenses. As Brian mentioned, our global Hasbro teams are focused on innovation, and our investments in product development fueled these efforts. In 2011, product development expense totaled $197.6 million or 4.6% of revenues and included $6.7 million in costs related to establishing Hasbro's Gaming Center of Excellence. Product development in 2011 was lower than 2010 as we leveraged our spending on bigger, more global brands. Advertising expense for the full year 2011 was 9.7% of revenue compared to 10.5% in 2010. The lower level of spending was primarily due to the higher mix of entertainment back products including Transformers and Beyblade. Additionally, with its revenue growth, we also saw improved leverage on our advertising to sales ratio in international markets. This richer mix of entertainment back revenues drove royalties higher both in dollars and as a percentage of revenue. For the full year 2011, royalties increased $90.6 million to $339.2 million, and represented 7.9% of revenues versus 6.2% in 2010. In 2011, we had a full year of television program production cost amortization versus 2010 when we only had expense in the third and fourth quarters. For the full year 2011, program production cost amortization of $35.8 million was in line with our stated expected range for the year. This compared to $22.1 million in 2010. Moving below operating profit, other expense net for the year totaled $18.6 million compared to other income net of $2 million in 2010. The year-over-year change was primarily the result of foreign currency losses versus gains in 2010, as well as investment losses which were mark-to-market. Also, as we mentioned last quarter, in 2010, we had a gain of $4.9 million recognized from the sale of intellectual property. Our 50% share of The Hub is also included on this line in the P&L. For 2011, our share on the earnings in The Hub was a loss of $7.3 million compared to a loss of $9.3 million in 2010. The Hub was EBITDA positive in 2011.  Our underlying tax rate in 2011 was 26.2% compared to an underlying tax rate of 25.4% in 2010. Over the past few years, our profits internationally have grown, lowering our underlying tax rate. In fact, in 2009, our underlying tax rate was 29%.  Now, let's turn to the balance sheet. At year end, cash totaled $641.7 million compared to $727.8 million 1 year ago. Operating cash flow for the past 12 months was $396.1 million and includes $81 million in television programming costs over the period. Almost all of our yearend cash balance is held outside of the U.S. During 2011, we repurchased a total of 10.5 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $423 million and at an average price of $40.42 per share. At year end, $227.3 million remained available under our current share repurchase authorization.  Last week, our board voted to increase our quarterly dividend 20% to $0.36 per share from the previous quarterly dividend of $0.30 per share. This was our third consecutive year of a 20% or greater dividend increase. And since 2005, our quarterly dividend has increased fourfold. During that timeframe, consistent with our stated objective to return cash to shareholders, we also repurchased 87.1 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $2.6 billion. The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good, and receivables at quarter end were $1 billion compared to $961.3 million last year. This reflects both the growth and timing of revenues in the fourth quarter. DSOs were 70 days, up 2 days versus last year, and inventories at $334 million were down from $364.2 million 1 year ago, in line with our efforts to lower our inventory levels from 2010. Inventory in the U.S. and Canada segment was down year-over-year and despite strong growth internationally, on a year-over-year basis, our International segment inventories were essentially flat. Depreciation in capital expenditures for the year were $113.8 million and $99.4 million, respectively. Our branded play strategy is working and we're still in the early stages of unlocking the full global potential of our brands. As Brian stated, absent the impact of foreign exchange, we believe we will again grow revenues and earnings per share in 2012. This continued execution of our strategy keeps us on track to deliver a compound annual revenue growth rate of 5% or better over time. Additionally, beyond 2012, we expect operating profit to grow faster than revenues. In 2012, we expect only modest operating profit growth as we rebuild our U.S. and gaming businesses. Finally, we continue to target operating cash flow generation in the amount of $500 million on average. Our financial stability and continued strong cash generation has enabled us to execute our strategy including investing in our brands and our people while maintaining our commitment to return cash to you, our shareholders. Now Brian, David and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just starting with the games business. I think, Brian, your characterization of the business in 2012 would be to stabilize it. Can you just put a little more color around that? And then, as you look back at the fourth quarter, I think in 2010, you suggested that there's too much focus on several SKUs, you relate to market with the Family Game Night promo and you didn't get the retailer support you were expecting. As you look at the fourth quarter of '11, what do you attribute the 11% decline to?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So first, Drew, if you look across the business, there were a number of games brands that grew based on having kicked off the Center of Excellence and began to build some of the momentum. So whether it's the GAME OF LIFE or Simon, Magic: The Gathering, Duel Masters, Risk, Yahtzee, a number of brands including Monopoly electronic edition, the Electronic Banking. We need to continue to build the momentum in the innovation and reinvention of our games brands. Inventory in the games business was down at the end of the fourth quarter. So retailers were sort of destocking in some of the other SKUs within our brands. We focused in on a number of campaigns around those brands, those bigger, more global brands, our core brands, if you will, within the games business. And that's our strategy go forward. We need to build greater momentum given the size of the games business to reach across more of our games business, and that's our intention over 2012. You'll see a number of new games initiatives that will be launched throughout the year 2012. Therefore, rather than providing some specific guidance, talking about stabilizing the games business in 2012 and growing it in 2013 and beyond. We know we can grow this games business because every time we innovate, and the team's focused around great innovation and off-the-board gaming and face-to-face gaming, we know we can drive that brand and grow that brand. We need to build more mass and we will do that.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Brian, looking at 2012's entertainment slate, pretty strong for a number of properties there. How are retailers approaching entertainment properties? What is their appetite stock product around those initiatives? And specifically on Transformers, what are your expectations in terms of year-on-year declines as you're past the theatrical release?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, it was great that last night in the Super Bowl, our partners and our own brands were so heavily featured, and it was really emblematic of the kind of year we have in entertainment. Within that, we had The Avengers, and Star Wars, Battleship and G.I. Joe. And in the pregame, we had the Transformers theme park ride that opens at Universal in May. Retailers are excited about our initiatives. We're very excited about what Sony and Marvel have done to reinvent Spider-Man and you'll see that product shipping in the second quarter as we go on shelves for May. You'll see in Avengers, product shipping late in the first quarter and a lot of excitement around a combination of superheroes there. Battleship, we focus on other categories like KRE-O, and continue to roll out a very successful new product launch in the KRE-O brand. In G.I. Joe, really good support. So again, across the board, if you look at the entertainment initiatives, people are excited about those. Lots of new innovation within those lines. So again, a good start to 2012.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one last housekeeping question for me. Deb, can you give us the free cash flow for 2011?
Deborah Thomas: Sure. The free cash flow for 2011 was $297 million.
Brian D. Goldner: And, Drew, the other piece I just remembered. On Transformers, obviously, Transformers Prime, it's a TV series that's now airing at over 140 countries around the world. So as we've seen in prior years, where we have television following a movie year, we would expect to mitigate the decline. So I would look to those years where we've had television following motion pictures as more of a guidepost. Although I can't provide you specific numbers, but I would say that we're very excited about the early rating successes as we're having on Transformers Prime around the world.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to clarify something. Deb, you said right at the very end of your comments regarding expectations for operating income growth in 2011, did you mean the growth will be modest in dollars or the growth would be modest as a percentage of sales?
Deborah Thomas: As a percentage of sales.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's a little different. Okay. One other thing. Brian, at the outset, you've, I think, alluded to 4 brands that do over $400 million but I think you only gave us 3. Well, can you tell us what the fourth was? You gave us Transformers, Beyblade and Nerf.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think that those were the 3 that I talked about. Those are the 3 that we have. I don't think I said 4.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Oh, I thought you said there were 4.
Brian D. Goldner: No. The 3 that we cited.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Question in Marvel, the partnership you have with Marvel for the Squad games. I mean, Squad plays on The Hub. I don't know about everybody else, I was a little surprised to see you kind of teaming up with Marvel for programming on The Hub. Do you think this is something we can look forward to seeing more of in the future?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, this trend began earlier on if you look at the lineup on The Hub, you see Batman animation on the air. So certainly, that supporting product line from other companies, a number of toy companies are advertising on the air on The Hub. The Super Hero Squad is something we're very excited about. It really fits our programming lineup. It allows Marvel to go out and enhance its licensing efforts and our team is also working on enhanced line of products. So again, it's sort of emblematic of the trend that we're creating in The Hub as the ratings continue to increase year-on-year as we've seen through the fourth quarter and again in January. So again, we talked a long-term plan to make The Hub successful and then to distribute our programming around the world. So this is just another one of those building blocks in that progress.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then final question, whoever wants to take it, regarding retail inventories, you commented that in the U.S., they're flat versus one year ago but the quality's higher. Now one year ago, you weren't the only ones in that position, higher than desired, higher than expected going into beginning of 2011 caused a benefit of a clog in terms of shippability in the early part of 2011. What are your expectations for what impact that inventory position might have on shippability in the early part of '12?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Firstly, Sean, this is David, and as we said, in the U.S., we're essentially flat. When we said sort of a better quantity, last year, we had too many games but our games are down almost 20% at retail inventory as we come into the end of the year. Where we're up is things like Beyblade. We were in very short supply on Beyblade last year. So logically, that's not a bad thing. We're up on Star Wars, which is another good thing because their movie in 3-D is launching this Friday. And we're up on KRE-O because that's a new brand for us. We didn't have any KRE-O last year, and we're up a bit on Transformers but the DVD on Transformers already hit in the fourth quarter of last year. So you've got kids down to watch right now and still good demand for that as well as television. So where we're up, we're sort of good place to be up and where we are down, in places like games. And actually, we're down a little bit in Nerf. I think we said that Nerf was flat for the year. As a line, it grown internationally but was down a bit in the U.S. and our inventory is down reflecting that. In terms of the first quarter, yes, I think whenever -- obviously, the new brands people were taking that to the extent that you got pockets of brands that you're bit long on, that is going to sort of have some kind of impact during the first quarter. I want to say that remember, half of our business nowadays is in international markets and in international markets, which have clearly grown nearly 19% this year. Last year, we're very happy with the level of inventory we're having in the retail trade.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Kelter of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just from a big picture perspective, you guys said in the prepared remarks a couple of times that the branded play strategy is working, but this is now the second disappointing Christmas in a row. And so I guess I'm curious if there are at least any parts of the strategy that you need to tweak at this point or if perhaps one direction this may go is whether or not there's going to be a little too much organizational tension on entertainment and not enough on the core. And I wanted to hear what you guys think about that at this point.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Michael, if you look at the strategy in 2012 as we executed, we are focused on that core tenets of our strategy and 2012 is about executing our strategy. Over the last couple years, we've been putting in place the building blocks, that blueprint that enables us to get there. So we have great brand innovation, and we're focusing on new brands as well as reinvented brands. Our international growth again speaks to the kinds of innovation we've had and the growth that we have in our lines. We're going to return the U.S. to historical levels of profitability and momentum, and we're creating immersive experiences, whether it's in motion picture television. So again, focused on the core reinvention of toys and games primarily and then building the capabilities around that blueprint in order to create that immersive experience for consumers. We did have a setback in the U.S. in 2011. We've already taken steps to change that momentum to return the business to operating profit in the immediate present, and then to continue to drive for growth. So in any transformation, there are steps forward, and then there are areas where we need to improve our execution. But overall, if you look at the growth in Europe at 19%; Latin America, 19%; Asia Pacific at 24%, our growth in Entertainment and Licensing in revenues and soon, in operating profit as we digest the investments we made in personnel there. Again, we're going to grow our operating profit in the long term, in the absolute, faster than revenues over time. And in 2012, as Deb mentioned, we'll have modest improvements in operating profit margin back to more historical levels, particularly focused on the U.S. business. So we're focused on execution, putting the right teams into place.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And in the U.S., where you made the change to management. I mean, obviously, results weren't what you were expecting from a numbers perspective but could you be maybe somewhat specific as to in retrospect, what the team should have done that they didn't do and what you're looking for from the new team in the U.S.?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think one of the things that we've done a lot of is investing in innovation, and I think around the world, we've gotten paid for that innovation and we've gone after marketing campaigns that have really worked for us around those brands, global marketing initiatives. The U.S. is a more sophisticated market, more technologically savvy, it's where we need to focus on that off-the-board gaming, face-to-face gaming and the marriage of digital gaming along with analog gaming as we've done with the Wizards of the Coast business, where we've seen that kind of growth in Magic: The Gathering. We've seen that kind of growth from Simon or Risk or Yahtzee and MONOPOLY Electronic Banking where we add those elements. Those are the kinds of things we need to go after so you'll see a combination of product development that's focused on a more technological savvy consumer, marketing campaigns that focus on a consumer that's consuming media in any number of platforms which is very true for the U.S., the ability to provide those -- the connection to consumers and that immersive experience across any number of platforms. So it's all about recognizing the difference in a mature market like in the U.S. and growth in growing market share there as we have done internationally.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And on these games, I mean, minus 11 on top of last year's minus 22. It's hard to imagine there's not some sort of secular element and, I guess, as you've continued to see the evolution there, iPhones, iPad, aren't the first technological threat over the years, but is it different this time and is the analog board game business going to, in your opinion, slowly go down and at best, you can try to keep up with technological advances of your own? Or is that overstating the issue?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I look at the -- where were the teams have been able to get to new innovations and recognize they've started to take on this just over the summer, spring and summer of 2011. Everywhere we've put new innovations and new marketing campaigns in place, those brands are growing. Although recognize the size of the games business and the number of brands that we currently market. We need to create some focus and create some impact around that. So as I said, whether it's Magic: The Gathering that's grown, Duel Masters, the GAME OF LIFE, Simon, Risk, Yahtzee, MONOPOLY Electronic Banking. In fact, one of the areas that has been the fastest percentage decline is our puzzle business and we're addressing that business. So that's not where we can apply our best innovation. So again, I don't believe that overall, we're just talking about some secular change. I think what we're talking about is a recognition that we can create all kinds of gaming experiences off the board, the marriage of digital and analog, and on the board with digital and analog connections and you will see a lot of that as you come to Toy Fair on our analyst presentation on Friday and we're quickening the pace and impact of our innovation through the creation of the Gaming Center of Excellence, and we're very committed to and believe in the ability to grow our games business overtime.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, I wanted to hear what your expectations were in '12. First of all, for Beyblade, just kind of what your feel for the direction of things will be in '12. And then also, should we assume since you didn't update your prior guidance of Boys being flattish and in games, Girls and Preschool all being up, I think, you guys have said in your analyst day. Is that still good as ongoing guidance or any tweaks to that?
Brian D. Goldner: Great. Well, if you look at the Boys business, clearly had a very successful year last year having grown 35%. And so one might be hard pressed to say you expect additional growth. Having said that, we have so many great new initiatives and so many partnered brands that are really being reinvented in such a spectacular way. We could see growth in the Boys business. I think we certainly have put plans in place to continue to reinvent the Beyblade brand and work with Nelvana to put that new innovation into the animation. And you'll see a whole new segment called Beywheels [ph] as well as other new innovations in Beyblade. In Transformers, with the television, we would expect that to mitigate a decline we'd normal see in a movie year. Spider-Man looks fantastic. Avengers looks great. Star Wars launches this Friday in 3D. So whether it's in motion-picture supported brands or television-supported brands, we feel very good about our Boys business. I won't provide specific guidance but suffice it to say, we could see the continued success in our Boys business over and above last year. In games, we've talked about the idea of stabilizing the games business, which we believe we can do and we are seeing momentum in certain brands that we need to expand across a broader array of volume, of revenues and volume to create that critical mass in our games business. We do expect that our Girls business can grow this year and we would expect continued momentum in our Preschool business as we've already created, and you can see the results in our fourth quarter. Sesame Street is just really begun to roll out. It hadn't had as much impact in the international markets as it did domestically and that's just about getting out to more markets beyond English-speaking, as well as new innovations in the Preschool business.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: While we're on the topic of your 2012 outlook, I just had some follow-up questions there. You had mentioned in the release that earnings would grow in '12 depending on FX. I was just wondering what you were thinking the impact to earnings would be based on current exchange rate?
Deborah Thomas: I think it's difficult in today's market, Felicia, looking at foreign exchange in what we really wanted to indicate that absent the impact of FX, which if you just look at the euro alone, it's been having a $0.10 range in the past month of trading against the dollar. Absent that, we expect to grow underlying revenues and earnings per share.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So your message is just that let's think about this excluding all the kind of exogenous factors, you're still going to grow?
Brian D. Goldner: That's right.
Deborah Thomas: Yes.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then gross margins, are you still, based on kind of where you ended up this year, you're still looking for that to be in that 58% range?
Deborah Thomas: Yes, we are.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on Sesame Street, Mattel in their earnings call gave enough color to imply that for them, it was roughly $75 million in revenues. Still a new brand for you, you just mentioned that internationally. You're still trying to get traction there but I was wondering if you were able to kind of achieve something near that this year and do you see yourselves being able to generate growth higher than that?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we're focused on the business in a number of ways. First, creating a 12-month business through constant invention of new segments beyond just the plush business has to been historically more back end loaded; focusing on a number of new characters, which you'll see; focusing on learning, which also will be ever present throughout the Sesame line as one might expect. So we have seen great success in Sesame Street, thus far, albeit early days. And we do need to get the brand out to more markets. Sesame Street is one of the most widely distributed TV programs around the world. We need to take advantage of the fact that so many consumers love and admire and watch Sesame Street programming. So we're in the early days but with really positive indications.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just moving to entertainment side. Given your experience with Universal and now you're kind of spread out through a number of different studios. I'm just wondering if you could give us any thoughts on perhaps self financing production of a movie or at least taking on some of the expenses at yourself?
Brian D. Goldner: The Universal relationship kicked off in 2008. As we all know, the motion picture business has really evolved dramatically since then. Our goal in moving some of those movies to some great new partnerships has everything to do with our ability to create visibility to new initiatives, to work with our global retailers and potential license partners as well as in digital gaming and to be able to plant the flag around timing in the near future, whether it's 2014 or beyond. So it's really mostly about that and signing with Relativity who's a great studio, very innovative studio on Stretch Armstrong and it's currently slated for April. In Candy Land, it was a lot of excitement around working with Adam Sandler and expanding our relationship with Sony, where we already have Risk in development. And so that's really been the plan. If you think about it and the motion picture business for us, while our 3 movies have certainly generated $3 billion at the box office, more importantly for us, those 4 movies have generated over $1.6 billion in merchandise sales for Hasbro across a number of different categories and in license products. So we continue to focus on that. We don't have any plans currently to finance our own motion pictures. We're always out looking at weighing our strategic options and running the math of every number of scenarios in every one of our business initiatives. 2012 is really about executing the core tenants of our strategy. It's about making that pivot and albeit there'll be some investments and continuing to build our emerging market business, it's really about executing our strategy, and you know our brand blueprint as by now. And that's what we're focused on, is executing that strategy.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just finally, on The Hub. I'm just wondering if there were any changes to your anticipated marketing spend and any further initiatives that could continue to drive ratings in '12?
Brian D. Goldner: As we mentioned, we're EBITDA positive in 2011. We do have marketing budgets considered within our operating plans each year. The Hub has made great progress. We've seen a number of different platforms really work for us, 5 of the top 10 rated shows are Hasbro shows. But we also have some great spooky stuff that's really performing from R.L. Stine, the Haunting Hour and Goosebumps that the team put together a great on-air promotional approach that was kind of an immersive experience onto itself in January called Janu-Scary, which was very effective and drove ratings growth. A combination of our Hasbro Studios programs as well as some of these spooky shows. Though the approach continues to build progress over time and we have marketing support contemplated, and the network is now in 62 million homes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Carroll of UBS.
Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Housekeeping on guidance and then something on free cash flow for '12. Around guidance, so, I mean, on a constant-currency basis, has the rate of growth that you guys envision changed at all from what it was back in mid-November?
Brian D. Goldner: Rob, I think we're not going to try to forecast growth, as we mentioned, the 7% growth last year was above our 5% guidance on average revenue growth over time. We continue to maintain the 5% CAGR expectation on revenue growth over time. But I'm not going to guide specifically on '12 versus '11. Suffice it to say, we're trying to be clear on the fact that '12, we believe, will grow both revenues and EPS, returning the U.S. business to more normalized levels of profitability and getting operating profit percentage up modestly in 2012.
Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And then as we look towards '12, should the rate of share repurchase slow down somewhat? Just given the investment year and as kind of the capital commitments for '12 in terms of the increased dividend and spending on Hub production or Hasbro Studios production. I mean, should the availability of cash share repurchase flow down somewhat versus the, call it, $400 million run rate we've seen over the past few years?
Deborah Thomas: Well, I think as we look at share repurchase, we had done quite a bit in the third quarter and we had mentioned that. And in the past year, we had also called our convertible debt and repurchased an equivalent amount of shares that went into the market with that. So in 2010, you saw a pretty high amount. We've done quite a bit in 2011. And at the end of 2011, we had $227 million remaining under our current board authorization. And my expectation and our expectation would be that we would continue to use that authorization as appropriate in the open market.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First one is just with respect to markdown money in the first half of '12 year-over-year just given that you have flat inventories in the U.S. How would -- is that going to be a lot less or is that going to be about the same as last year?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think that if you look at the fourth quarter, clearly the U.S. operating profit was impacted by our taking more significant steps in markdowns and price variance. So as to ensure we could clean inventories and sell through our inventories at retail. So taking those steps earlier once we saw the decline in rates of sale post Thanksgiving. So I think we've taken into account what we know to be the need -- the necessary markdowns within the fourth quarter. I don't know, David, you want to comment on first?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I think when we think about the first quarter and you look at the calendarization of our sales, clearly, as our International business grows, our international sales tend to come later in the year and less in the first quarter. So I think you're going to see a reduction in the overall percentage of sales in the first quarter and maybe the first half. I think another factor is in the U.S., I think we're going to work with our retailers to try and sort of deliver product to them more in line with consumer demand much more like we do in international markets. So I think in the first quarter of this year and indeed, the first half, you're going to see a lower percentage of our full year sales than you would have done historically for those 2 reasons, not because of our sort of a retail carryover inventory so much.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. With movies in entertainment lineup, would that help though the first half a little bit more than last year?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, it would. I mean, it mitigates it a bit in that we have initiatives that are earlier in the year, but I think what David said is particularly important. If you look last year, international sales over the last 10 years in the fourth quarter and then over the last couple of years has actually been more than 50% of our revenues. And so it's a significant difference in first quarter revenues in international versus fourth quarter revenues. So that does tend to -- that will tend to skew as international is growing at the rate that it is and as we play catch up in several markets around the world as we put teams in place and move from distributor businesses into our owned and operated subsidiaries. So that's going to have probably the biggest impact on quarterly sales as growth of the International business relative to the U.S. Equally, if you look at Entertainment and Licensing, a lot of our license fees are paid to us in arrears. In other words, quarters after the activity. And so again, that tends to have an impact of more third and fourth quarter oriented. That, combined with focusing on consumer insights and partnering with our retailers in a very significant way, the team has already been out to see our retailers, and is working with our retailers on great partnerships in the U.S. and promotional partnerships to ensure that we really understand the consumer and shopper insights better than we ever have, and to return to an era of strategic thought leadership around retailing with them.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Okay. And then just on POS internationally, in the U.S., is there anything that was particularly strong in a regional world or any region that was particularly weak?
Brian D. Goldner: If you look overall in the POS around the world was particularly strong. And where we get absolute POS data was particularly strong. If look at the international markets, in several markets around the world, there were double-digit gains, significant double-digit gains. So we get POS data in a number of markets. In the U.S., overall, POS was down a bit, it was really led -- that decline was led by games. If you look at toy, it was up a bit. But again, as we look at our markets, international markets are very healthy. We talked about retail inventory levels and the momentum in those markets as we put teams in place, we would expect some of that to continue.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Last year, at Toy Fair, you sounded very excited about the opportunity with Nerf growing internationally and Vortex, and now we see a year where Nerf was flat year-over-year. I wondered if you could sort of talk around those points. And then secondly, with regard to the film business, will there be another $5 million cancellation payment for Universal in the first quarter for Stretch Armstrong?
Brian D. Goldner: So the second question first, no, there won't be. It was our prerogative to move and to take the opportunity with very excited studio partners in Relativity and Sony to move those films and to plant the flag around dates and years so that we can provide visibility to those initiatives out in the marketplace with retail partnerships and promotional partnerships and the like. So, no, there won't be a charge or a payment.  And what was the other one? Oh, sorry, Nerf. So there are actually 3 major initiatives in Nerf coming this year, you'll hear more about those at the end of the week but suffice it to say, there's some underlying initiatives as well as some new brands and new initiatives within that. I think that in the international markets, Vortex work well, but recognize that our business is still primarily a dart business. International growth certainly offset the U.S. challenges. But for the fourth quarter, we recognize that the dart business is still the significant part of our business. You're going to see some major innovations within the lineup of darts and I'll talk more about that at the end of the week, as well as innovations within our sports business, as well as a Volt [ph] brand that we're taking out in the sports action category that we're very excited about and will be new business for us go forward.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Margaret Whitfield with Sterne Agee.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I wondered if you could discuss input cost pressures and any plans to take prices up. And, Brian, after this year's strong entertainment lineup, I think, I'm aware of 2 Marvel movies for '13. Anything else you can share on the entertainment outlook for that year?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Margaret, this is David. In terms of commodity cuts, we do see them going up again in 2012. I think what happened in '11 is in the first part of the year, they went up faster than we expected and then they stabilized a bit more towards the back half of the year and in the fourth quarter. However, overall, they were significantly up. And I think we're going to see them going up again in 2012 over the course of the entire year. I think labor costs, we've already seen that in various provinces in China that had increases ranging from like 15% to 20% that was sort of predetermined, I guess, multi-year increase in place. So labor costs will continue go up. And the second part of the question is given that your costs are going up, are you going take to pricing to cover that? And the answer is, yes, we are. We took a 5.5% price increase on carry-over items in the U.S. on February 1. And in markets around the globe, exchange rates come into impact as well but generally, we're taking sort of similar increases around the globe to offset the cost escalation.
Brian D. Goldner: And on the entertainment front. While there have been a couple of announced movies that are certainly supporting some of our brand initiatives, we have a couple of others, one in particular that we'll talk about on Friday for our brand in KRE-O, but I'll let John walk you through that on Friday. And then some other potential news for 2013 from some of our partners. But again, I'll let them share that news with you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo Investments.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of clarifications off the bat here. Regarding Transformers, Brian, the figure that you gave in your preamble, did that include or exclude KRE-O?
Brian D. Goldner: It included.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Okay, any color on the size of KRE-O?
Brian D. Goldner: KRE-O was, I think I mentioned tens of millions of dollars. So we only launched in 10 markets this past year, already off to a very good start. We look at the initial market share data in those markets where we have data and very promising early market shares albeit only in a few months. And again, we'll roll out KRE-O now to 15 additional countries in 2012. We also add 1 brand that I will tell you about, which is Battleship. I think we mentioned that before but significant product offering within Battleship. That will go into our first 10 countries that we started KRE-O in, and then, that will roll out over time. And so that's sort of the strategy that we've employed as we look to create the innovations but also to have the capacity to make really high-quality innovative product and to market it in territories.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a few more clarifications. If I -- maybe I misunderstood but are you saying that you anticipate by the end of '12, U.S., Canada being back to those historical profit levels that you have seen in the past or will that be more into '13?
Brian D. Goldner: I think that you'll see the profitability return to the U.S. business, and we're focused on the return to profitability and then the drive for growth beyond that. But there are some specific things that had an impact on U.S. profitability in the fourth quarter, had to do with cleaning up the market. It had to do with material price variants in markdowns and partnering with our retailers given that we had higher expectations for sales in the U.S. that didn't materialize, and we had inventories. So I think you've seen we've worked our inventories down. We've gotten retail inventories in pretty good shape in the U.S. recognizing that it's mostly now focused on new initiatives and good performers in the marketplace versus year ago where we had certainly too much carryover inventory in games.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you're saying returning to profitability or you're saying returning to the historical levels [indiscernible]?
Brian D. Goldner: Sorry, returning to historical -- sorry, I thought I've said that. Returning to historical levels of profitability.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: By the end of '12. Okay, okay, okay. And then one piece that I think was missed regarding your commentary from the November analyst meeting. The Entertainment and Licensing, I think you said at that point in time given the heavy Transformers year that you kind of expected that category to be flattish, just an update there. And back to the Beyblade question, also at the analyst meeting, you said given the strong performance of Beyblade that you alluded to and now you've given us the exact numbers. And Transformers that you expected the Boys business to be flattish, now you're saying maybe up a little bit. Beyblade still probably could have a pretty decent follow-off. Are you saying these initiatives should typically see Beyblade sort of hold its own year-over-year?
Brian D. Goldner: So go to Beyblade. I mean, clearly, what we've contemplated recognizing we've had experience with Beyblade before in working with partnership with some great partners in Takara Tomy and Nelvana and d-rights, we anticipated that Beyblade could perform very well in 2011. So we took some steps to create some new innovations that we hadn't done the last time around in Beyblade when the brand was out in 2003 and 2004. So you're going to see a major new innovative line within Beyblade called Beywheels [ph], you're going to see that incorporated in the animation. So to your point, we would expect some mitigation in the decline, but we also can expect that Beyblade may decline off a very strong year in 2011. Offsetting that is the fact that there's a number of new entertainment initiatives we're very excited about. So what I'm trying to give you is a sense that given all the new entertainment initiatives to Marvel and Sony, movies and Avengers now for Marvel Studios and the Walt Disney Company backing that globally. We have a lot of excitement around our Boys business, which could lead to increases in revenue year-on-year.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay, okay. And then the licensing, still flattish you're thinking about?
Brian D. Goldner: You see licensing revenues grew but we put some people into place around the world to take advantage of our brands as we continue to grow them and put immersive experiences around them. So we made investments in licensing which is why you see the operating profit did not grow, is that this has to do with the investments we made. We would expect in out years, in future years, that you'd start to get more profitability out of those investments as you grow revenues over time.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And the only other thing, just more of a suggestion than anything else, I think, as alluded to a little bit earlier, is it would be helpful in your press releases if you could show the growth to net adjustment, especially, I guess, challenging years. And then, on a go forward basis, as those types of things improve but done by some competitors. So it would be helpful if you guys could also.
Deborah Thomas: I think that, Tim, as we've discussed before, we look at our net revenues as actual net revenues. So we don't split out the growth to net. It's all part of gaining those revenues for us.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But, I mean, just give some color, I think, when there are some significant adjustments and then down the road when, hopefully, there won't be some significant adjustments as you have opportunities to reinvigorate growth.
Deborah Thomas: Okay. Well, I don't see us doing that, Tim, to be honest with you. Net revenues in net revenues. However, we will talk about different things as necessary. So thanks for the feedback.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Thompson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I was hoping you could talk about revenue from Hasbro Studios in the quarter and the year, and then also perhaps guidance for production amortization in 2012?
Deborah Thomas: Revenue from the studios has grown in the year, Gerrick, just because we're starting to sell the program internationally. But again, it's not significant at this point from selling the programming. Most of the programming revenue comes from The Hub, and that's just within our numbers and eliminated as necessary. And from an amortization standpoint for 2012, I know we've talked about that, but the number is -- Debbie, do you have that off the top of your head?
Debbie Hancock: I believe we said $60 million to $70 million.
Deborah Thomas: Yes. $60 million to $70 million. And I apologize, I just didn't have it on the top of my head.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And on The Hub network, you said it was EBITDA positive for the year but negative contributed to earnings by $7.3 million. So I guess that will be $14 million -- $14.6 million overall. So what's that difference, what's the depreciation and the amortization difference between EBITDA and the net contribution?
Deborah Thomas: Well, it's because The Hub has goodwill on its books and as it amortizes that goodwill, that's what's creating essentially the loss. So the Hub is EBITDA positive, from an operational standpoint, it's positive. It's really that amortization that's driving it into a category at this point.
Operator: Our final question this morning is from the line of James Hardiman of Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: I was just hoping we could drill down a little bit on the profit contribution from the games business. You pointed to the underperformance of the games business as one of the primarily reasons for the gross margin on your performance for the quarter and for the year. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how much of that is a function of games gross margins coming down and how much of it is merely a function of a mix shift away from games given the historical superiority of games margins? And I guess along those same lines, you've talked about in the past, how the margins from other segments have actually improved and margins from games may have come down a little bit. So as we close out 2011 and look towards 2012, is there still a material gap between games margins and the rest of your business margins such that if games continue to underperform, there's again going to be a gross margin drag.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think it's really a couple things. I think first, what you saw was a growth in revenues in the fourth quarter related to entertainment properties. Therefore, royalty-bearing properties. And so as those move ahead, obviously the operating profit changes in order to pay the royalties, and you try to mitigate that a bit by pairing back a bit on your own advertising in order to allow for the properties themselves, the television or motion pictures to market those brands to a bit of an extent. Actually, if you look at a lot of our core brands that we are focused on and the core innovations we're focused on within those brands, many of those brands rival the kinds of operating profit percentage we see in our games business and we're not seeing some kind of a wholesale falloff in our games operating profit and yet, some of our toy brands are equally profitable. What we're just talking about is the mix in the quarter, in the growth in entertainment-based or royalty-bearing brands, particularly in the fourth quarter as you saw a number of those brands move ahead between Sesame Street, Beyblade, Transformers and others offset by some of the games volume. So long-term, again, we see games as a profitable category. Many of our core brands are very profitable categories. But in a year where you have more entertainment, certainly, your royalties increase, and it does have an impact on the mix in operating profit.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: That's very helpful. I guess, just along those same lines, we've seen about a 10% decline in games for 2011. I think it was down 4% in 2010. If I were to think about that, how everyone will look at it, whether it would be gross profits or operating profit, is the decline dramatically worse than that, a little worse than that, essentially in line with the -- I'm sure you're not going to give me an actual number, but how should I think about that?
Brian D. Goldner: I think that -- you're right, I'm not going to give an actual number. What would say is that our games business and even when we are putting innovation in our games business, whether it's an off-the-board game like Bop It! or Simon Flash, we can still enjoy strong operating profit percentages. So it's not just about making board games and selling those at a good operating profit percentage. We've also been able to, over time, create similar operating profit percentages in our brands by amortizing the R&D and marketing across more of the world by just expanding geographies. So whether it's a brand like My Little Pony that has some royalties related to television or a brand like Nerf or a brand like Play-Doh or PLAYSKOOL, you can grow brands with stronger operating profit percentages over time.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you. We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website at approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. We look forward to seeing you on Friday at Toy Fair. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian D. Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Debbie Hancock - VP, IR David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Per E. Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Chris Cerrone - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division John Taylor - Arcadia Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Miss Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer; and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter 2011 earnings release was issued earlier this morning and is available on our website. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Additionally, whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results, and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, costs, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance and achieving our objective. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The third quarter highlights the global execution of our branded play strategy and keeps us on the path to deliver meaningful growth in revenues and earnings per share in 2011. Not only was this a record third quarter in respect to revenues, operating profit and net earnings, there are a number of important positive trends which give us the confidence to maintain our outlook for the full year. Three weeks into the fourth quarter, our shipments in the U.S. and Canada segment are off to a strong start, tracking ahead of last year and reaffirming our belief that the decline in the third quarter was substantially related to the timing of orders. We are all well aware that the retail landscape today requires more just-in-time inventory than before, as well as our new initiatives are only recently hitting retail shelves. As you know, last year's holiday performance was affected by softer U.S. consumer demand, in particular, in games.  In the U.S., we believe we are in a stronger position than last year, as we entered the fourth quarter with less inventory at retail. As well, it is positive trends in point of sale during the third quarter. Point of sale in our top 4 U.S. accounts was up 8% year-over-year in the quarter versus being up slightly in the second quarter and down in the first quarter. This quarter's growth was driven by mid-teen percentage gains in our toy point of sale as well as improvement in our games point of sale. Most importantly, for our consumers globally, we have a great innovative product line that delivers the value and brands consumers are seeking, given the challenging economic environment this holiday season. Across all categories, we have new highly innovative exciting products: LET'S ROCK ELMO, the Elefun Busy Ball Popper and the NERF VORTEX are each on a number of hot-toy lists for the holiday season, along with other great Hasbro toys and games including TRANSFORMERS, FURREAL FRIENDS, COOKIE MY PLAYFUL PUP, SIMON Flash, BEYBLADE and Star Wars. Many of these initiatives have just begun hitting store shelves in recent weeks. In total, more than 20 Hasbro toys and games are on the hot-toy lists and third-party expert award lists in the U.S. and international markets this holiday season. Internationally, our business continues to post strong results, delivering 23% revenue growth in the third quarter; 15% growth, absent foreign exchange, including growth in all major geographic regions. Year-to-date, the International segment revenues have grown 27% or 19%, absent foreign exchange. While the economies in Europe are facing challenges of their own, our Toy and Game business and the overall market have held up well.  Additionally, as you're aware, we have been investing in establishing and growing our brands globally, including a focus on the emerging markets. We are gaining market share in both mature international markets as well as emerging markets. Based on our momentum in these markets, the strength of our line and our current expectations, we remain optimistic about our International business for the full year.  Taking a closer look at our overall third quarter results. We had several Hasbro brands perform well and contribute to our overall growth. BABY ALIVE, MY LITTLE PONY, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and TRANSFORMERS, including the new KRE-O-branded products, all continued their growth trends in the quarter. Additionally, shipments of the new Easy-Bake Oven grew the brand year-over-year. SIMON and YAHTZEE brands grew with the new flash games on shelf now and the launch of our GAME OF LIFE Adventures helped extend the brand globally, particularly in Europe, and contributed to growth in the quarter. From our licensed partners, BEYBLADE has continued to be a significant contributor to our growth globally. The third quarter also includes more significant shipments of Sesame Street products, including early shipments of one of the holiday's hot items, LET’S ROCK ELMO.  With respect to TRANSFORMERS, we currently believe full year revenue for the brand will be between the levels reported during the past 2 movie years, specifically between the $482 million we reported in 2007 and $592 million reported in 2009. This is in line with our original 2011 plans. And despite beginning the year with carryforward inventory, TRANSFORMERS has been a major contributor to our revenue growth during the year, posting strong shipments and point-of-sale gains versus last year, with year-over-year point-of-sale trends improving since the movie launch.  Given this was the third movie that focused on the same core cast of characters, we did not have the same collector pounce at product launch that we had in past years. However, the broad global consumer base has responded to the movie, and trends have improved. In several markets, including several mature markets, TRANSFORMERS shipments year-to-date are up in the triple digits year-over-year, and point-of-sale in many countries during the third quarter was also up greater than 100%. On September 30, the Blu-Ray DVD was released, which helps to continue the momentum in the brand and serves as another opportunity to engage with our TRANSFORMERS consumers.  A number of our branded television shows have started to air in certain international markets, including Transformers: Prime, which has already become one of the top-rated shows for boys on Cartoon Network in the U.K. and Spain. MY LITTLE PONY is consistently ranked in the top 5 shows airing on a number of networks around the world, including Cartoon Networks' Boomerang channel in the U.K. and on Treehouse in Canada. Hasbro and its broadcast partners are equally pleased with the strong ratings performance of Hasbro Studios' other shows, including G.I. Joe: Renegades, The Adventures of Chuck and Friends and Pound Puppies. Importantly, early results indicate that our shows are having a positive impact on point-of-sale trends. MY LITTLE PONY has returned to growth in 2011, with point-of-sale up in the U.S. and Canada, as well as recently in the U.K., following the first airing of programming. In the U.K., Transformers' point of sale has also increased in the weeks following the recent launch of programming. These are very encouraging signs, which speak to the importance of television to drive our brands in the international markets. I'm pleased to report that currently we have closed deals which will enable Hasbro Studios shows to air in substantially all of our markets and every major sales territory, including across Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific. This represents the airing of our TV shows in 142 countries globally. These include a majority of the primary and secondary international markets, including Canada, U.K., Germany, Italy, France, Spain, Scandinavia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea, China, Mexico and Brazil. 3/4 of the major markets have signed up for 3 or more of our first-season shows, including MY LITTLE PONY, Transformers: Prime, Pound Puppies and The Adventures of Chuck and Friends.  Hasbro Studios anticipates closing further deals in the coming months. The studio also completed production on its first international game show format based on our hit series Family Game Night, which was produced for the Boing TV network in Spain. This show began airing in early October. In this third quarter, The Hub delivered its best-ever quarterly performance in kid's total day among all key target demographics. The Hub's third quarter 24% ratings growth from the prior quarter among kids 2 to 11 was the largest of any kid cable network.  In fact, the momentum has continued. On Saturday, October 8, the network posted its best-ever Saturday night, out-delivering several competitive networks against several demos in key time slots. Hasbro Studios' branded programming continues to play a key role in garnering ratings growth for the network, with Pound Puppies, Family Game Night, MY LITTLE PONY: FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC and Transformers: Prime, among the top 5 shows on The Hub. In motion pictures, 2011 boasts a record year for TRANSFORMERS: Dark of the Moon, with over $1.1 billion at the box office, making it the fourth-highest grossing film of all time, and 2 great films from Marvel, Thor and Captain America: The First Avenger.  2012 is another strong year for movies, backed by Hasbro's toys, games and licensed merchandise. BATTLESHIP will be a major initiative for Universal in 2012, premiering internationally in April and in the U.S. on May 18.  Additionally, the second film in the G.I. Joe franchise from Paramount will be in theaters on June 29. Our partners also have a tremendous slate of films for 2012, including in February, STAR WARS: EPISODE I in 3D from Lucasfilm; in May, The Avengers from Marvel and Disney; and in July, The Amazing Spider-Man from Marvel and Sony. As we build our core brands and new brand franchises beyond 2012, we continue to actively develop a number of additional Hasbro films with great writers and partners, including MICRONAUTS, OUIJA, CANDY LAND, Risk, STRETCH ARMSTRONG, CLUE and MONOPOLY.  In the second quarter, we announced the creation of our Center of Excellence for Hasbro Games in Rhode Island to help accelerate our growth in this important category. We had a small amount of expense related to establishing this center during the third quarter, which Deb will speak to. But more importantly, we are well underway in reimagining and reigniting our Games business. You may recall several areas of focus we discussed with you last quarter. First, we are driving integrated, innovative gaming experiences for traditional face-to-face gaming for both on- and off-the-board formats. We're also driving new experiences in video, digital and online gaming. We've had success with a number of brands over the last few years, but we are seeking to accelerate these efforts in future years. Second, throughout 2011, we have worked closely with our retail partners on the merchandising and promotion of games following the softer holiday season in 2010. We believe retailer plans for 2011 will have a better impact than last year and are encouraged by the efforts and early results behind our gaming brands and the category.  In addition, we told you our promotional and advertising execution in 2010 fell short. This year, we made a number of media-focused changes designed to makes games fun and relevant for kids again. Hopefully by now, you've seen some of our television ads for brands like MONOPOLY Electronic Banking. These ads are more focused on our consumer target, as well as more insightful and culturally relevant for this audience. Early indications are they are having a positive impact at retail. The fourth quarter is extremely important in the games category in the U.S., as more than 50% of the consumer purchases for Hasbro games traditionally occur in the final 6 weeks of the year. Where we stand today heading into the holiday season is as follows: Our Games and Puzzles category shipments have improved from the first 2 quarters; at the end of the third quarter, U.S. retailers have reduced games inventories in the mid-teens as a percent; and we have a great line of new and reimagined games on shelf, which are reacting positively to new advertising and promotional activities. We have grown our overall Hasbro net revenues this year, despite lower shipments in the Games and Puzzle category to date; and we feel better about our execution and retailer merchandising planned for games this holiday season versus 2010. We plan to provide more details about our gaming effort, as well as an update on our business and strategy at our annual Investor Day we are hosting on November 9 here in Rhode Island.  In summary, we feel that we have the right elements in place to deliver meaningful growth in revenues and EPS this year, including great brand initiatives, encouraging point-of-sales trends, appropriate levels of inventory, strength internationally, an improving trend in the U.S. and the team to execute our plan globally. These investments we've undertaken, which are focused around the globalization of our business, are driving growth and unlocking leverage in our business for the long term, setting the stage for a strong 2011 and growth in future years.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning. In the third quarter, Hasbro delivered growth in revenues and earnings, driven by strong international performance, incremental leverage from our investments and solid execution. As evidenced by our third quarter stock repurchases, we remain confident in our business over the long term and are committed to returning cash to shareholders.  Net revenues in the quarter were $1.38 billion, up 5% from last year. Foreign exchange had a positive $37.1 million impact on net revenues for the quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, net revenues grew 2%. Operating profit grew 4% for the quarter to $248.1 million or 18% of revenues versus $237.8 million or 18.1% in 2010.  As outlined in our second quarter earnings call, we incurred additional expense in the third quarter related to establishing our Center of Excellence for Hasbro Games here in Rhode Island. In total, during the third quarter, there was an incremental $1.8 million of pretax expense, which equates to $0.01 per diluted share. Excluding this cost, EPS in the quarter was $1.28 per share. Year-to-date, we recorded $15 million of pretax expense or $0.07 per share related to severance, relocation and related costs.  Looking at our segment results for the third quarter 2011. The U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $764.6 million, down 7% versus $825.5 million last year. Growth in the Preschool category was offset by declines in Boys, Girls and Games and Puzzles.  The U.S. and Canada segment reported an operating profit of $128.8 million or 16.8% of revenues. This compares to $158.8 million or 19.2% of revenues in 2010. The decline in operating profit is primarily the result of lower revenues in the quarter.  As we look at the International segment, we've made important investments in people, facilities, marketing and systems over the past several years. We're beginning to see the benefits of these investments in our results through strong revenue growth and operating margin improvement. Net revenues in the International segment increased 23% to $563.3 million versus $458.9 million in 2010. Absent a positive foreign exchange impact of $35.2 million, net revenues in the International segment grew 15%. The results in this segment reflect growth in all major geographic regions, including the emerging markets, as well as growth in the Boys category, which more than offset slight declines in the Games and Puzzles, Girls and Preschool categories. Operating profit in the International segment grew 42% to $100.7 million or 17.9% of revenues compared to $70.8 million or 15.4% of revenues in 2010. Again this quarter, we reported strong operating profit improvement in the International segment, which was driven by higher volume in the quarter and greater leverage of the ongoing investments I spoke to earlier. The Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased 69% to $46.3 million compared to $27.5 million in 2010. Revenue in the Entertainment and Licensing segment increased based on sales of licensed products associated with Transformers: Dark of the Moon. Additionally, entertainment-based revenues increased from both television distribution and movies, including a onetime payment of $5 million from Universal Studios.  For the third quarter, the Entertainment and Licensing segment reported an operating profit of $15.3 million compared to $5.9 million in 2010. Higher revenue in the quarter more than offset the incremental year-over-year investments in global licensing talent and our online initiative. As we mentioned during our second quarter earnings call, our quarterly run rate of fixed expenses in this segment is approximately $16 million. Despite the improvement in operating profit in the quarter, we are still in the early stages of reaching the full earnings potential of this segment. Now let's look at earnings. For the third quarter 2011, we reported net earnings of $171 million or $1.27 per diluted share compared to $155.2 million or $1.09 per diluted share a year ago. Excluding the costs outlined earlier associated with our Center of Excellence for Hasbro Games, earnings per share were $1.28. For the quarter, average diluted shares were 134.9 million compared to 141.7 million last year.  Cost of sales in the quarter was $599.5 million or 43.6% of revenues versus $591.6 million or 45% of revenues in 2010. This improvement resulted primarily from favorable product mix, including higher sales of royalty-bearing products and Entertainment and Licensing segment revenues. Year-to-date, cost of sales is 42.1% versus 42.4% in 2010. We continue to target cost of sales in the 42% range for the full year 2011, which positions us to achieve our traditional gross margin in the 58% range. Operating profit margin in the quarter was 18% of revenue compared to 18.1% of revenues in the third quarter 2010.  2011 includes a higher level of spending related to our investments in key growth areas, including international expansion, entertainment and licensing, as well as product innovation. These investments are driving growth in our business and afford us the opportunity to further grow revenues and improve returns in our business over the long term. With the typical pattern of higher revenue late in the year, we're beginning to see the leverage from these investments, which we did not see in the lower revenue first and second quarters. In the quarter, advertising of 9.5% of revenues declined from 10.2% in 2010, consistent with our expectation that given the strong entertainment slate in 2011, full year advertising would be at the lower end of the 10% to 11% of revenue range.  Royalties grew in the quarter and represented 7.9% of revenues, as brands such as BEYBLADE and TRANSFORMERS continued posting strong growth.  Program production cost amortization in the quarter was $7.8 million versus $5 million last year. Year-to-date, it is $18.1 million, and we continue to expect full year program amortization to be in the range of $35 million to $45 million. SD&A in the quarter included $1.2 million of costs associated with our games action. For the full year, we expect SD&A to be at or below 20% of revenues, including the costs associated with our Games group. Absent the incremental expense associated with establishing Hasbro's Center of Excellence for Games, we continue to expect SD&A to be below 20% for the full year.  Moving below operating profit. Other expense net to the quarter totaled $4.1 million compared to other income net of $3 million a year ago. The year-over-year change was primarily the result of a gain of $4.9 million recognized in 2010 from the sale of intellectual property.  Additionally, our 50% share of The Hub is included in this line on the P&L. For the third quarter, our share of the earnings in The Hub was a loss of $1.5 million compared to a loss of $874,000 in the third quarter 2010. Our underlying tax rate in 2011 was 25.1% compared to an underlying tax rate of 28.8% through the third quarter of 2010. This lower rate reflects a greater percentage of earnings coming from our International business and is consistent with our current expectation for our full year tax rate.  Now let's turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $187 million compared to $497.9 million a year ago. Operating cash flow for the past 12 months was $366.9 million and includes $81.6 million in television programming costs over the period.  During the third quarter 2011, we repurchased a total of 5.6 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $211 million and at an average price of $37.74 per share. In the first 3 quarters of 2011, the company repurchased 9.4 million shares at a total cost of $386.7 million and at an average price of $40.97. At quarter end, $263.5 million remained available under our current share repurchase authorization.  The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good, and receivables at quarter end were $1.26 billion, up 4% compared to $1.21 billion last year. This reflects the 5% growth in revenues and an impact from foreign exchange. DSOs were 82 days, down 1 day versus last year.  Inventories at $518.9 million compared to $468 million a year ago and $426.9 million at the end of the second quarter. This reflects the growth in our business globally and our incremental initiatives this holiday season. Nearly 70% of the year-over-year increase is related to inventory supporting our International segment revenues. Depreciation and capital expenditures in the quarter were $36.4 million and $20.6 million, respectively.  We continue to be confident in our ability to deliver a meaningful growth in revenues and earnings per share in 2011. The investments we have made are driving growth in our business, not only this year but in future years as well, when we anticipate generating greater returns on these investments. Today, Hasbro's financial position is healthy, and we are delivering against our long-term strategy.  As Brian mentioned, we look forward to speaking with you in more detail about our business and our plans on November 9 when we host our annual Investor Day. Brian, David and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question this morning is coming from the line of Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Just doing some math. In terms of your shipments, you said -- looks like you're shipping a little bit later with some of your product. And when you look at consensus revenues to where you came in, looks like you were about $74 million below expectations. Can you quantify how much the value of the shipments was that got pushed into the fourth quarter versus the third quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. If you look at the revenues year-to-date as a company, we're up 9% year-to-date in revenues. The U.S. was down 2% year-to-date in revenues; International, up 27%. Thus far, in the fourth quarter, we have made up those revenues in shipments for the first 3 weeks in the first -- our fourth quarter, and so again, we would be even in the U.S. to year-ago in shipments.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then quickly, just an FX question. We saw FX had a big impact. Mattel, when they reported earnings on Friday that there was actually a headwind. For you guys, it was a bit of a tailwind. Just hoping you could reconcile that a little bit.
Deborah Thomas: Certainly. The -- from a foreign exchange standpoint, we could see a drop in the euro and pound and the Australian dollar and Mexican peso late at the end of the third quarter. However, it did -- it was still positive over where we sat in 2010. We did not have a significant impact at all on our gross margins from foreign exchange. As a matter of fact, we had a slightly positive impact because of favorable hedges that we had put in place last year. So for us, foreign exchange, while it did have a positive impact, which we highlighted on the top line, it did not have a significant or meaningful impact overall to the P&L for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Question about the tax rate. Was there anything in the quarter that you would characterize as unusual or not repeatable?
Deborah Thomas: Sean, we did have a small amount of discrete charges, kind of like we have every quarter, less than a few million dollars. But really, what we're seeing is, and we talked about, was the greater leverage we're getting from our International business. And as a matter of fact, the leverage coming through being better than we had originally expected. Based on the unit -- the segment's performance, we actually are finding that the underlying tax rate is coming in lower, because we are earning more internationally than we had originally expected. So really, that's what's driving the change in the rate in the quarter, the strength of the International business.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And the second question, what's your overall outlook on the impact of all the TV activities relative to your commentary earlier in the year? It's little bit -- I think it's going to be around neutral.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, exactly. A year ago, we had the $0.30 dilution, and this year, we'll have nothing like that. And so again, on track. The shows are being placed around the world, 142 markets around the world, and most networks are buying 3 or more shows, more than 75%. So the TV is on track, and we're seeing some great ratings growth more recently on The Hub. So again, those long-term plans are in place.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So Brian, you sounded upbeat on games. Sounds like it's improving. It also, obviously, faces easy comps. I was just wondering, is it fair to say that you might see growth in the Games business in the fourth quarter?
Brian D. Goldner: We won't typically provide guidance like that, but suffice it to say, we do have a lot of new initiatives as well as new marketing energy behind the Games business, as well as great new merchandising plans that are a major improvement to 2010. So we feel good about where we are going in the fourth quarter for the Games business and then into 2012.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just moving on to the Boys. And I'm not really looking for guidance per se, just more directional. You talked about the timing differences, just wondering, is that -- should we expect growth in the domestic Boys business as well. Was it more timing than anything else?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think that for the most part, if you look at the quarter, and then for the full year -- I don't have the specific forecast of the Boys business. But overall, the Boys business has performed well year-to-date. The TRANSFORMERS business has continued to perform very well. So again, I think that as we've said, our indication, given the strong POS that we're seeing in the U.S. and the momentum that we're seeing in POS into the fourth quarter, we feel good about that business for the full year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And how is the T3 been tracking versus 2 and 1.
Brian D. Goldner: So we've mentioned on the call, in the formal notes that the TRANSFORMERS business right now is tracking very strongly. In fact, the POS that we're seeing now is very strong. It's very strong in mature markets around the world, in some markets up over 100%, as are shipments in several mature markets around the world and emerging markets. We said that we believe now we will come in between the $482 million we reported in 2007 and $594 million that we reported in 2009. And a lot of new initiatives there. Things that are performing very well include KRE-O, as well as our Rescue Bots, Preschool segments of that business. And so we're seeing great broad consumer takeaway.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sorry, must have missed that. And then just on the Preschool business. If you'd -- I just was trying to get a feel for how Sesame Street was driving that. So can you just give us a view of Sesame Street, wow the underlying business was looking?
Brian D. Goldner: We've got a lot of areas in our underlying business that are performing quite well, in the new Elefun Busy Ball Popper, particularly, in the Preschool heroes line -- PLAYSKOOL Heroes line, particularly focused on the TRANSFORMERS Rescue Bots on the Marvel Preschool as well as Star Wars. So again, overall, clearly, we intend for Sesame Street to be one of the major contributors to our Preschool business. So it's kind of collectively showing some good momentum both in the U.S. and around the world.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And then just final housekeeping. Deb, on The hub, do you still expect program production cost amortization of $35 million to $45 million in the year?
Deborah Thomas: We do. On TV, we expect Hasbro's program production amortization for the year to be between $35 million and $45 million.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And so, is there -- like, as we forecast going forward, so it seems like it's very seasonal for this year in terms of how it -- is it a seasonal thing? Or is it a ramping thing?
Deborah Thomas: It was really a ramping thing and how the revenue is coming through. And on The Hub itself, I know we said in the second quarter, we had expected this quarter to be more like the first quarter. For The Hub in our non-op expense, we'd expect the fourth quarter to be similar to this quarter, not to go back to the profit that we saw last quarter, but along the similar lines of this quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Kelter of Goldman Sachs.
Chris Cerrone - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Christopher Cerrone for Michael. Quick one. On the Boys division, could you give a little bit of detail on how some of the core underlying toy properties are doing excluding TRANSFORMERS and BEYBLADE?
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. This year, a number of new initiatives in the KRE-O business, which to this year, of course, is focused on our TRANSFORMERS brand, is off to a great start in 8 countries around the world. And we'll roll that out to the rest of the territories in 2012. Our Super Soaker business was up significantly year-on-year and the teams really rethought that business. Our NERF business continues to perform exceedingly well in the international markets, and we're seeing great growth across geographies. The VORTEX line is just hitting retail now and already seeing some great takeaway there. Our Marvel business and Star Wars business this year are down versus a year ago.
Chris Cerrone - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. That's really helpful. And then just shifting quickly to board games for the holiday season approaching here. How does retail support look like versus what you were looking at this time last year?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think what had, had happened a year ago was a different -- a change in plans that really was never executed a year ago. This year, the plans are very significant. We feel very good about the plans and the execution of those plans happening earlier in the holiday season albeit still late, because our Board Game business sell-through is particularly late with 50% of our sales happening in the last 6 weeks. But we feel very good about marketing around games, the focus again on the kids, the takeaway we're seeing on products like MONOPOLY Electronic Banking, as we're focusing on kids advertising, CONNECT 4 and the new launchers product, BOP IT! XT, SIMON FLASH as well as YAHTZEE Flash and SCRABBLE Flash. So across the board, we're seeing some great initiatives from us. The marketing, and then the merchandising plans, I think, have significantly improved this holiday season versus a year ago.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple. You touched on it in your preamble, but on the balance sheet inventories, if you look at the inventories back in the second quarter, they were -- as a percent of sales, they were within a range that we've seen over the last 5 or 6 years. And then here in the third quarter again, we've moved above that range. And I know, again, you were kind of stacked on inventories last year on the balance sheet, as well as was the industry. Can you kind of talk to -- touch on that again in a little bit more detail?
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. First thing to note -- I think it's important to note that, particularly in -- if you look at the U.S., inventories at the end of the third quarter were down 9.4%. So retail inventory was down. We're doing business in more markets around the world than ever before. Over the last few years, we've opened 11 new major marketing and sales offices around the world and converted those businesses from distributor markets to our own marketing and selling operations. And so, therefore, we're taking in the inventories. Business year-to-date internationally is up 27%. So again, I think there's every reason to have some additional inventories going into the holiday selling season. I don't know, David, do you want to add anything to that?
David D. R. Hargreaves: No, I'd agree. I mean, a lot of the inventory increase versus a year ago is to support our International business. We're in more markets, and we're growing rapidly, so that's fine.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And thanks for the additional color, Brian, on the U.S. channel inventories. Would you say that the U.S. channel inventories are now where you want them, you feel comfortable?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think that if you look at the combination of the U.S. business year-to-date being down 2% in shipments, the inventories being down 9.4%, third quarter POS being up 8%, Play POS being up double digits, Games POS improving, the number of new initiatives we have for the holidays and a refocus on our Games business and merchandising and advertising, I think the empirical evidence indicates and certainly supports our belief that we can deliver meaningful growth in revenues and EPS this year.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so again, you feel comfortable with the U.S. channel inventories and U.S. inventories -- excuse me, international channel inventories, collectively?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. If you look at the growth in inventories, year-on-year, that we have, nearly 70% of those inventories are focused on international markets. The remaining roughly 1/3 is focused on the U.S. business, which is consistent with the growth rates we've seen both domestically and internationally and again would point us in the direction of meaningful revenues and EPS growth for the year.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the business with Universal, clearly, a lot of concern in that area with Universal sort of backing off or not wanting to do a couple of the movies. But just recap for us when you initially signed the agreement, I think they had their choice to pick between multiple properties to do the agreed-upon number of movies. And then, as they said, "Okay, we want this. We don't want this," then those were released from with under that umbrella. Recap how many movies they are now firmly committed to doing, and what's left in that bucket. And then, I guess, thirdly, for the movies that they're not involved with, and you're looking for other partners, would you ever consider producing movies on your own?
Brian D. Goldner: Appreciate the question. Actually, we read with great interest and sort of seeing the similarities. If you look most recently at the Walt Disney Company, having recently worked with filmmakers to bring down the budget of the Lone Ranger movie, and yet then greenlit movie at a lower budget level for 2013, have just slated it for 2013. That's the same process we've been going through on the OUIJA movie and brand, albeit not at that type of budget level. And we -- we're reworking that budget, but the script is in good shape. We're polishing the script right now and have a producer on board. We would expect that, that movie would be back with a studio very shortly. It's part of the process. In addition, the deal with Universal does continue to include STRETCH ARMSTRONG and does continue to include CANDY LAND as some of the properties that they are going to look at for production. Obviously, as you know, BATTLESHIP for 2012 goes into theaters April of 2012 around the world, and in May domestically. And that's one of the major initiatives between Hasbro and Universal. And we'll have a full product line around that, which I look forward to showing you, when everyone comes in to Rhode Island in early November. In addition to that, we have a MICRONAUTS movie in development now, and script's being written with our producing partner J.J. Abrams, and that deal has been done over at Paramount. We are developing and writing a script right now for MONOPOLY, for RISK, for CLUE. And we have a couple of other projects that are yet to be named that we haven't yet talked about. So again, our business continues in earnest. The process of honing a budget for a script is part of the process, as the economics of the movie business change, and we're actively developing all these movies right now.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But would you, at any point, as you see the world right now, consider doing the production from Hasbro's only perspective [ph] without a production partner.
Brian D. Goldner: No. We would not employ, I'll call it, a Marvel strategy.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one last piece, a clarification from an earlier question. How is Preschool doing x Sesame Street, I guess, on a year-over-year basis?
Brian D. Goldner: Preschool x Sesame Street, year-to-date, is -- looking at some numbers -- is down. I don't have it overall broken out quite like that, but overall, the rest of the business is down a bit.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Margaret Whitfield with Sterne Agee.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: First question is you mentioned a high level of investment spending in the current year. I wondered if you could quantify that and discuss the trends in that investment spending in 2012 and beyond.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure, Margaret. I'll start off, and then maybe Deb will pick up as well. Over the last couple of years, we talked about becoming globally capable, the ability to take our brands out, reimagine and reinvent those brands around the world. And over the last couple of years, we've opened offices, Hasbro sales and marketing offices or subsidiaries in 11 new territories. In order to do that this year, we needed a step up both in marketing and sales personnel globally as well as licensed personnel, and that's the significant investment we made in SD&A. It's really a step-up that this was a onetime step-up when we would see some nominal increases in SD&A go forward, consistent with running the business, providing raises and salaries and increases and leases or cost of space, but nothing like this year. So as Deb mentioned, we begin to get significant leverage out of those increases as we go forward.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Can you quantify it, Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Well, I think as we've looked at the prior quarters, we've seen about a $25 million impact per quarter. So as we sit and look through and -- to the full year, if we just roll that step change amount through to the full year while keeping SD&A at 20% or below of revenue, that's really how we would quantify it.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So SD&A next year could fall below 20%?
Deborah Thomas: We will be talking more about that in November, but it could.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And TRANSFORMER 4, any news on when that might occur, given the strong box office for the third movie? And any other comments on what might be out in '13, apart from, I guess, the Marvel announcements?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. We do have a couple of movies from Marvel that have already been announced in Iron Man 3 and Thor 2. As you imagine, with the success of a franchise like TRANSFORMERS, we are in active discussions with our great partners at Paramount, with Michael Bay, with Steven Spielberg and our writer to talk about what's next on TRANSFORMERS. And hopefully, I'll have some more news to share with you in the next quarter.
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And on The Hub, do you think it could be breakeven or slightly accretive next year after the small amount of losses likely this year?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we're not going to comment at this point. But again, we're making great progress overall. As you know, the ratings on The Hub, as well as our domestic -- our international placement of TV shows now being in a 142 countries, which was ahead of the news we'd given you earlier in the year. So again, the teams were making great progress internationally, as well as the early signs, as we put those shows on air with both the ratings that we're garnering, as well as the POS increases we're seeing on brands. It's all pointing in a positive direction and is consistent with our long-range plan in the TV arena.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Couple of questions on The Hub. Some of the general metrics that you guys talked about when you took that over, in terms of subscribers, sub-fees and sort of the sub-to-ad revenue mix, given the ratings improvement that you've seen so far this year, how much have those metrics, if at all, improved? And based on the conversations you've had with some of the cable networks, is there any reason to believe that they're going to be improving here during the foreseeable future?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Our distribution has increased organically to about 61 million homes over the period. Our conversations with MSOs around additional rolldowns or additional distribution gains are going quite well, although we're not going to report any news at this point, but are going quite well. The ratings momentum that we're seeing more recently certainly has a good bearing on the number of new advertisers we're garnering. We're now over 120 new advertisers to the channel versus where we were with Discovery Kids. Our advertising year-on-year, as you would imagine, is up significantly. Our affiliate fees increase more organically in line with the long-term contracts we have with MSOs. So again, long-term plan for The Hub is consistent with what our strategic plan was over the long term. Internationally, we're ahead of plan, with 142 countries taking our programming. Now at this point, several major kids networks are already reporting some great ratings, having just begun airing our shows. And 3/4 of those deals are for 3 or more series, recognizing that we'll have a second wave of new series that will go out to the international markets over the next year or so.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Perfect. And then, I realize that it's -- I'm sure it's way too early to give any sort of guidance for 2012 on TRANSFORMERS, but just given the success, it sounds like you guys have had with The Hub and Hasbro Studios in terms of Transformers: Prime, is there any evidence that as we look forward to 2012 that we can expect maybe less of a dropoff than we saw last year and in sort of an off-year from a movie perspective?
Brian D. Goldner: It's a great point, and clearly, when we do have television following a movie year, the brand does perform considerably better. If we look at '10 versus 2008, for example, there's a -- was a significant difference in the dropoff. We would expect a dropoff from a -- to a non-movie year to be more consistent with a year where we had television. We had foregone that a year ago, in order to line up our television launch with the launch of The Hub.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Great. And just one last quickie. In terms of your share repurchases in the quarter, your cash balance coming out of the quarter is a lot lower than it typically is coming out of the third quarter. How should I think about where we're going to finish the year in terms of cash? Are you looking to stay aggressive in terms of buybacks in the fourth quarter? And given where the stock is trading, would you ever consider even borrowing money to continue those buybacks?
Deborah Thomas: I think, we're -- certainly, where we saw our stock price get to in the quarter, we thought it was a very opportunistic time to buy back the shares in line with our plan. We do have remaining amount under our authorization at the end of the third quarter of $263.5 million. And we -- we'll certainly look to the market and be opportunistic in our repurchases there.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions. First, just maybe a little bit of color kind of POS retail inventory levels internationally, kind of similar to when you talked about domestically.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. If you look at POS overall we have tried to look at some of the measures where we have them. In a lot of the major markets around the world, our POS is up strong double digits, so we have good data from Mexico, France, U.K., Germany and Spain. And all those markets are -- POS is indicated as significantly stronger.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In retail inventory as well?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. We clearly don't get as good retail inventory information overseas as we do in the U.S. But I think overall, our retail inventories are in good shape and aren't excessive, but should support the growth of our business, which we're anticipating, which has been fairly significant all year. And we're not seeing that necessarily changing.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And just -- and then finally, just -- you mentioned some new initiatives haven't hit store shelves yet, so that could help growth during the holiday. Is the level of kind of those initiatives that you're going to roll out different than last year this time? Or did you hold some back this year that you didn't last year? Or is it about the same?
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we've planned more significant initiatives this year, if you think about the number of brands and products that are on those top-toy lists. Having about 20 this year was certainly more than a year ago. As well, the merchandising plans and promotional plans of our retail partners is indicative of having some greater success with those initiatives. So whether it's in the NERF business, whether it's in the LITTLEST PETSHOP business, the MY LITTLE PONY business, our KRE-O brand, which is brand new, and FURREAL FRIENDS, across the board, we have some major new initiatives and innovation, a number of different price points which offer both great value and our brands that consumers want.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Per Ostlund of Jefferies & Company.
Per E. Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Really just a couple of follow-ups here, if I could. We talked about some of the elevated SD&A spending, mostly related to the international buildup. I think in past quarters, we've had conversations about spending behind SAP and bolstering the team at Hasbro Studios. How are those investments tracking? And are we kind of toward the end of that upcycle on those costs?
Brian D. Goldner: It's Brian. Good morning. If you look overall, what Deb was talking about, if you take the roughly $25 million a quarter in additional SD&A step-up this year, it's inclusive of our personnel at Hasbro Studios, which led -- which had to lead the actual initiatives in revenues in Hasbro Studios. It was in licensing personnel, which we needed prior to getting the additional revenues in licensing. It was in marketing and sales personnel, as we opened new subsidiaries. So that step-up is now going to be concluded at the end of the fourth quarter of 2011. Go forward, any additional increases in SD&A are more, I'll call them, organic, consistent with a payroll increase or a lease cost or something along those lines to run the business, but nothing like the 2011 period. We're really hitting a peak of incremental spending with our intention to be -- to deliver additional leverage and earnings power, as we become a more globally capable competitor. Recognize, our brands have been in markets for decades, but were handled by distributors. So many of our brands have been in the markets for 20, 30 years, but were handled at a much lower level, a much more modest level, because they were handled by distributors in Latin America and Asia-Pacific and in Europe. So in taking those brands on and having our own marketing and sales personnel, we have this great opportunity for significant revenues growth and earnings growth, as you're beginning to see in this quarter and as we go forward, with not a significant step-up in expenditure from 2011 to 2012.
Per E. Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Excellent. That's very, very helpful. Talking about the international programming rollout behind the Hasbro Studios programming. Can you just give us an update as far as how extensively the toy product itself is out there in these markets? My suspicion is it's probably very, very early in most cases, but maybe just a little clarity.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. For the most part, with the exception of MY LITTLE PONY and some Chuck and Friends, the toy product is not out in markets yet. It's just really beginning to roll out into markets. Transformers: Prime in particular and the rest of MY LITTLE PONY as we roll out the television, will begin in earnest in 2012, consistent with our plans. And so that's -- for us, that's really where you'll start to see the integration of extensive programming placement along with the availability of toys and licensed products associated with these brands. And it's heartening to see, while we've made investments in our license personnel, that year-to-date, our licensing revenue in each category is up versus a year ago, so in Boys, Girls, Games, as well as across the -- each category. So that's been helpful as we create these placements and toys -- or excuse me, in TV to be able to see that the license revenues are increasing.
Per E. Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. Maybe one last quick one, if I could. Just harkening to an earlier question on the inventory levels, and it sounds like most of that inventory increase is pretty explainable with the inventory build internationally, which makes a lot of sense. But just curious as to whether or not FX and/or higher inputs attached to inventory, how much of an impact those might have been having as well.
David D. R. Hargreaves: If you look at our month-end rate for quarter end rate this year compared to the quarter-end at last year, it's not having a material impact on the inventory.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson of BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I was hoping we could get some comments on how your retail partners are feeling going into the holiday season?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I mean, I think our retail partners are sort of -- have planning sort of fairly robust season. Certainly, as we talk to them at the moment, they all plan that their business with us will be up this year and are starting with low inventory, which is good. I think there is a degree of caution around that. As we all know, the economy is not in great shape. We've still got high unemployment. So I think they are certain level of cautious, but they're certainly planning the business to be up.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And you just mentioned more just-in-time delivery. I'm wondering if there's any sort of change in the way these retailers and what could be fulfilled. More domestic fulfillment versus FOB, perhaps?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think, thus far, we're virtually seeing a bit of a shift in -- to FOB later in the year. But I think as traditionally, when you get into the very last part of the year, it is predominantly domestic. And I think that will clearly continue or be more so.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, so no real change in historical trends. And last one on your retail partners. You've had a lot of chance to meet with them over the last couple of weeks, I guess, to show 2012 lines, and you do have a lot of movie initiatives in '12. How are the retailers' appetite for movie-related toys in 2012?
Brian D. Goldner: The performance of our TRANSFORMERS business outside the U.S. has been phenomenal. And TRANSFORMERS box office, if you think about international box office, take 2007's movie for a moment, the box office of the 2007 TRANSFORMERS movie is not as big as the international box office performance of the 2011 movie. So as they're building more multiplexes in Russia, in China and Brazil, as the movie box office increases dramatically there, as people move into the middle class, as there's more disposable income in those emerging territories, motion picture business from both Hasbro, as well as our great partners in Lucasfilm and Marvel, play a key role in building our overall business. And so again, feel very good about the ability to be part of that part of the business. Having said that, brands like NERF, FURREAL FRIENDS, PLAY-DOH are brands that are showing exceptional growth globally. And so again, it's not just about our movie business or the TV business, but it is that branded play, that balance between all those different categories where we can drive growth.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Carroll with UBS.
Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones that are mostly follow-ups. Just in terms of where inventory is year-over-year and reconciling that with the comments for a kind of a fairly robust season expected by retailers, I mean, does that -- I mean, if the season does come in as robust as, I guess, the retailer sentiment seems to be, I mean, are you guys well positioned in terms of where inventory levels are, in terms of meeting that? And then just a second one around 2012 lineup.
David D. R. Hargreaves: So I think everyone recognizes that we came into the year with too much inventory at the retailers. And I think the fact that it is down to more appropriate levels is okay. There is still enough there to support our fourth quarter growth objectives.
Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of those overall growth objectives for meaningful revenue and EPS, has the definition of meaningful in-house changed at all since it was originally issued, I guess, given the macro changes in the industry?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Not at all.
Robert W. Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then, secondly, just around 2012, as you guys -- as someone asked about earlier, the movie slate is pretty heavy. I mean, while you guys are flushing out the SKU counts and the product lines for 2012, do you know what percentage of the 2012 SKUs are royalty-bearing items? And I guess, how that compares historically?
Brian D. Goldner: No, I don't think we would -- I don't think we have that in here. We'd have to follow up on that note. I think it's important to note, and maybe to provide some additional color to the idea of motion pictures -- and now I understand a bit of what maybe the question was. We're not just launching the same types of product lines for each of the major motion picture initiatives for 2012, so there are some great and significant differences between what we can do with Star Wars that kicks off the year and lots of role play and other great new initiatives there. And the Avengers, BATTLESHIP is a totally different kind of complementary product line, not just -- not action figures per se, but in the gaming arena as well as some other new categories for us. G.I. Joe, different still, so -- and of course, Spider-Man is both a great role play of action figures. So there's some great complementary new product initiatives within those brands, and so it's not just all in the same category but across the departments in the store.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And that question is coming from the line of John Taylor of Arcadia Investment Management.
John Taylor - Arcadia: I've got a couple of questions too, if I can. Brian, for you, I guess, I think I heard you say that in the U.S., Preschool was up, offsetting Boys, Girls and Puzzles. In International, Boys was up, offsetting Preschool, Girls, Puzzles, so -- there's a lot of variation between what's going on here and elsewhere. So is -- would you attribute most of those differences to timing? Or are there some differing brand dynamics that are going on that might account for those changes?
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. If you look at the International business, the other categories are down just by a tad year-to-date as well as in the quarter. So our feeling is with the fourth quarter initiatives in International and the fact that the International businesses tends to be more significantly later, we feel good about the categories across the board. In the U.S., I think it just has to do a lot with some of the timing, particularly as we look at Games and Girls. We've had some great growth in several of our Girls brands, both domestically and internationally, including FURREAL FRIENDS, MY LITTLE PONY, picked up first domestically behind the television and the new toys here. We're just beginning that process internationally. So that's where you might see some differences. On NERF, we're growing that brand very significantly, globally and through new geographies, whereas the U.S., we are staging the VORTEX launch just now. So again, a bit of a timing difference between international territories and domestic.
John Taylor - Arcadia: Okay. So there's no real -- I mean, there used to be a time where there was international lag to a domestic launch. That's pretty much behind us now.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think the difference is where we don't have full capacity like a brand like KRE-O, where we can't roll out every market at once. We're seeing great success in the 7, 8 territories where we've launched, but we need to get into 2012 to get to the rest of the geographies for the TRANSFORMERS line. That's the case where you would see more particularly a lag.
John Taylor - Arcadia: Okay. And then other question on Games, I guess. So last year Q4, the year-to-year decline started to show up a little bit. And I'm wondering if, with your new merchandising and promotional plans and whatnot, what your expectations are related to price at retail. Do you think that the Games category is going to be subject to the same kind of discounting and whatnot this year, as you've seen in the last year or 2?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, I think at the end of the day, the price will be dependent on what our retailers choose to say to that. I do think that games are a tremendous traffic builder. They're a very good Christmas item, so I'm sure we will see games discounted in order to bring people into the store. Whether that's -- I would expect on average, probably the level of discounting is lower than last year, given that the level of inventories of games are down.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Debbie Hancock - VP, IR David Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Eric Handler - MKM Partners LLC Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc Alex Cook Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer; and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter 2011 earnings release was issued earlier this morning and is available on our website. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Additionally, whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results, and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, costs, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance and achieving our objective. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The Hasbro team executed our global branded-play strategy to deliver not only a strong second quarter, but also continuing to create the framework to deliver meaningful growth for the year and in the coming years.  Today, we are driving growth in our business through immersive brand experiences which are more innovative, more global and increasingly backed by media and entertainment, and in many cases, backed by digital and online gaming. In addition, we are licensing our brands in a growing number of relevant ways for global customers and consumers. We are executing our full brand blueprint for Hasbro brands, while working with great long-term partners to support their brands, including Marvel, Lucasfilm and Sesame Workshop. To execute this strategy we are leveraging the investments we have made and are continuing to make to expand the reach of our brands for the long-term growth of our business.  Despite being in the early stages of unlocking both the revenue and earnings potential of our strategy, in some areas, we're already seeing positive results from our investments. For example, our International business is growing, posting 43% revenue growth in the second quarter or 30% growth, absent the impact of foreign exchange. This marks our third consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth in the segment. The growth this quarter comes not only from the continued strong performance in our emerging markets, where we are establishing Hasbro's presence for the long-term, but from other more mature markets as well. We are at an inflection point in our business, whereby you can no longer just look at the U.S. business and extrapolate that to represent all of Hasbro. International is as important to us now as the U.S. and will be even more meaningful go forward. In fact, we could see revenue outside the U.S. greater than our U.S. revenue in the coming years. A balanced global business not only provides incremental growth opportunities but has served to help offset some of the continued challenges in the U.S. economy. In the quarter, the profitability of the international segment nearly tripled as higher revenue more than offset investments in the segment. This profitability growth in the second quarter is very encouraging, given the segment generally contributes more to our profitability in the second half of the year. Specifically, over the last 5 years, the second half of the year has represented, on average, virtually all of the International segment's full year operating profits.  From a brand and entertainment standpoint, the second quarter marked the theatrical release of TRANSFORMERS: Dark of the Moon, as well as the on-shelf date of product to retailers globally. The movie has delivered approximately $700 million at the global box office and has yet to open in China and Japan. The film has the highest exit poll reviews from audiences of any of the prior TRANSFORMERS movies, and this bodes well for sustained interest until the DVD arrives in the fall, backed by an extensive home-entertainment strategy from Paramount during the fourth quarter.  Importantly, our global retail partners have embraced the TRANSFORMERS: Dark of the Moon merchandise program in toys, apparel, publishing DVD, video game and other licensed goods. These merchandise programs include significant aisle space, feature shops, trend pods, endcaps, pallets and more. Promotional programs at retail ramped in mid-June, as promotion for the movie began in earnest at that time. We have a great licensing program, with over 325 licensing partners. Product is available through our global retail partners, and we have everything from apparel to skateboards and bikes to publishing. Another top performer in the quarter, BEYBLADE, continues to be in high demand globally. From a capacity standpoint, we increased our tooling this year and expect to be caught up with demand in the coming weeks. Our new BEYBLADE XTS EXTREME TOP SYSTEM, will be on shelf in August and bring strong innovation to BEYBLADE globally. In the next season of programming, BEYBLADE: METAL MASTERS will be on Cartoon Network in the U.S. this fall and various broadcasters worldwide. Other Boys brands contributing to growth in the quarter were Super Soaker, TONKA and Marvel, including Captain America: The First Avenger, which is selling well, leading into the movie release this Friday, as well as our initial shipments of KRE-O.  Beyond strength in what is shaping up to be a very strong year for Hasbro's Boys brands, our Girls brands MY LITTLE PONY, FURREAL FRIENDS and BABY ALIVE were up in the quarter. In Games and Puzzles MAGIC: THE GATHERING, SCRABBLE, SIMON, CUPONK and our line of Cars 2 games grew revenues in the second quarter. Within Preschool, we began shipping Sesame Street product during the quarter. Of these brands posting growth, MY LITTLE PONY is an interesting proof point to discuss, as it relates to television. As you know, the MY LITTLE PONY brand has been reinvented based on Hasbro Studios' animated series MY LITTLE PONY Friendship is Magic. The program is airing on The Hub in the U.S. and Treehouse in Canada. On both networks, it is a top-rated program. In Canada, the program began airing in January on Treehouse, and point-of-sale trends at our top 4 accounts are up over 30% year-to-date through July 2. In the U.S., The Hub recently began its summer schedule, which has the program airing 7 days a week. While still early, U.S. POS at our top 4 accounts was up 9% in June versus May. Additionally, MY LITTLE PONY recently began airing on Cartoon Network's U.K. Boomerang channel. It is in the top 5 shows airing on the network, and compared to the channel's previous 4 weeks average for that same time slot, the show boasted the channel rating by 53%.  By this fall, we expect entertainment to be airing in markets, which represent 90% of MY LITTLE PONY business. We're also receiving tremendous feedback from key licensees and retailers around the world based on the strength of the entertainment and broad consumer interest. MY LITTLE PONY has all the right ingredients to fill a gap in the marketplace that currently exists for a strong, young girls' multi-category property. MY LITTLE PONY is an important brand for Hasbro, and we are delighted to see it posting growth again based on engaging entertainment, innovative product and strong retail support.  Our overall television initiatives, which speak to both The Hub in the U.S. and our international distributional programming remain on track for the long term. The Hub recently implemented a new summer schedule, which reflects a higher percentage of programming from Hasbro Studios. This new summer schedule on The Hub has delivered widespread gains over the pre-summer schedule, outpaced the percentage growth among kids 2 to 11 of the new summer schedules against a few competitive networks and produced the highest ratings of the calendar year for The Hub. Internationally, we continue to sign new deals and currently have placed Hasbro Studios programs in all major European markets, including the U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Germany and the Middle East, as well as important emerging European markets like Russia, Turkey and Poland. In Asia, we have deals in place for Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong and Korea. Finally in Latin America our programming will be seen in Mexico, Brazil, Chile, Argentina and Peru.  I'd like to take a minute and speak with you about our Games business. Following a softer-than-expected 2010 holiday season, our Games and Puzzles category has been working off excess inventory this year. While POS trends in the U.S. have improved in recent weeks, and despite growth in the category internationally in the quarter, the Games and Puzzle category, overall, declined in Q2.  I know from speaking with many of you that you are worried about the future of the Games business and what it means for Hasbro. I want to tell you, I am not worried. Given the expected growth of our business in other categories this year, 2011 is a perfect time for us to take strategic steps to accelerate the innovation and evolution of our gaming business.  In this vein, we took an important step when we announced the Center of Excellence for Hasbro Games in Rhode Island. This center will bring the top games talent in the industry together with the broader Hasbro brand teams to drive integrated, innovative gaming experiences for not only traditional face-to-face gaming, both on and off the board but in video, digital and online gaming as well. It is an investment we are making to fully leverage the long-term potential of this business.  To lead this coordinated effort, we have named Eric Nyman, a proven global brand leader at Hasbro to head the combined team. Eric has led the reinvention and reignition of several key Hasbro brands, including NERF and FURREAL FRIENDS, and we are confident that he and his team's innovative thinking will bring a fresh perspective to our gaming initiatives. Where we are driving innovation in brands like MAGIC: THE GATHERING and SCRABBLE, we are seeing growth. We know that a number of gamers in the market is growing. Research tells us that parents and kids alike want to spend time together. And by keeping our gaming experiences fresh and relevant, while leveraging the industry's best portfolio of brands, we believe the gaming business will continue to be a strong contributor to Hasbro over the long term. It is important to point out that from a profitability standpoint, we have dramatically grown Hasbro's operating profit in recent years by building bigger, more global brands in all categories, not just in Games. Our strategy has enabled brands across the business to rival the profitability of our traditionally higher-margin games brands.  As we begin Q3, a number of our initiatives for fall will begin hitting retail shelves around the world. KRE-O, our new construction brand, built on TRANSFORMERS is on shelves now and is launching globally in Q3. Already a few of you have told us that you are playing with and enjoying the sets, and we are seeing strong point-of-sales trends with this new initiative.  Sesame Street product, including Let's Rock Elmo is hitting shelves for the fall and holidays, and we are very excited about beginning this long-term relationship with Sesame Workshop in our Preschool space. LITTLEST PET SHOP brings walkable pets to the market for the first time; MY LITTLE PONY continues to build on its entertainment platform globally; and FURREAL FRIENDS has another great pet, COOKIE, coming this holiday season.  Finally, last quarter, we have shared with you that we expected Hasbro Studios to launch programming on more than 20 markets globally by year end. Today, I'm pleased to say that due to the hard work of our teams and the strong appeal of our shows, we currently expect Hasbro Studios programming in over 30 markets globally by year end. As I stated earlier in the year, we began to build momentum in the business during the second quarter. During the quarter, retailers were focused on key entertainment properties, including TRANSFORMERS, and we are seeing strong representation around the world. As we head into the remainder of the year, we'll begin to see the innovation and additional categories on shelf and we'll also begin to recognize licensing revenue from TRANSFORMERS: Dark of the Moon. As we shared with you at the beginning of the year, 2011 is the first year in which we are fully activating our brand blueprint across all its elements. Our evolution to a branded-play company necessitates a higher level of investment spending in several areas, including television, entertainment, licensing and online. Additionally, we have been investing in Hasbro's owned and operated offices around the world, as we establish Hasbro as a global leader.  As we have shared with you in the past, many of these investments are ahead of the associated revenue they will create, while in the quarter have limited our margin expansion. As we go forward to the full year 2011 and beyond, we believe these investments will pay dividends in revenue and profitability improvements. In sum, our outlook for 2011 is similar to yours and that we expect to deliver meaningful revenue and EPS growth for the full year.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning. Hasbro is in a strong position, entering the important second half of the year. Our cash position is healthy, investments overseas are driving growth, and we have exciting innovation across our businesses for the holidays. The second quarter was driven by a number of strong brand performances, as worldwide net revenues increased 23% to $908.5 million versus $737.8 million last year. Foreign exchange had a positive $35.8 million impact on net revenues for the quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, net revenues grew 18%.  As Brian mentioned, during the quarter, we announced the creation of our Center of Excellence for Hasbro Games in Rhode Island. As a result, we are relocating 59 employees to Rhode Island, and we had a reduction in force of 96 people.  In the second quarter, we recorded $13.1 million of pretax expense or $0.06 per share for severance, relocation and related costs. These costs were approximately evenly split between product development and SD&A. We anticipate an additional $7 million in cost over the next 3 to 4 quarters.  These remaining costs are primarily associated with the recruiting of additional talent and office space to support the expansion of our business and teams in Rhode Island. Excluding these costs, operating profit grew 17% for the quarter to $93.5 million or 10.3% of revenues versus $79.7 million or 10.8% in 2010.  Looking at our segment results for the second quarter 2011. The U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $505 million, up 14% versus $444.5 million last year. As expected, the Boys category posted strong growth in the quarter, which was partially offset by declines in the Games and Puzzles, Girls and Preschool categories. The U.S. and Canada segment reported an operating profit of $57.7 million or 11.4% of revenues. This compares to $58.7 million or 13.2% of revenues in 2010. The decline in operating profit margin reflects a higher volume of sales related to close out inventory, as we work down our carryover from last year. Although we wrote this inventory down last year, the subsequent sale has minimal to no profit. This more than offsets the favorable impact on profits from higher revenues of TRANSFORMERS and BEYBLADE. Net revenues in the International segment increased 43% to $374.5 million versus $261.4 million in 2010. Absent a positive foreign exchange impact of $34.1 million, net revenues in the International segment grew 30%. The results in this segment reflect growth in all major geographic regions, including the emerging markets, as well as growth in the Boys and Games and Puzzles product categories, partially offset by declines in the Girls and Preschool product categories. Operating profit in the International segment nearly tripled in the quarter, increasing 191% to $33.8 million, compared to an operating profit of $11.6 million in 2010. Operating profit improved on higher volume in the quarter, which leveraged our spending and more than offset our continued investment in emerging markets and international expansion. Historically, a greater portion of full year operating profit is derived in the latter half of the year, and we're encouraged by the second quarter levels. The Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues decreased 11% to $27.2 million compared to $30.5 million in 2010. Revenue in the Entertainment and Licensing segment declined primarily due to lower movie-related revenue versus the second quarter 2010, which included a payment related to the BATTLESHIP film scheduled for release in 2012. This was partially offset by revenue associated with selling our television programming to The Hub and some international networks.  As Brian mentioned, we have a strong licensing program for TRANSFORMERS: Dark of the Moon, and licensing revenue associated with the film will begin to be recorded in the third quarter of 2011. As you know, our licensing revenue in entertainment brands lags traditional toy and game revenue by quarter due to when our licensing partners report their revenue to us. For the second quarter, the Entertainment and Licensing segment reported an operating profit of $600,000 compared to $13 million in 2010. These results reflect the lower movie-related revenue, year-over-year increases in online investments and our incremental investments in building out the global talent of our licensing teams. Program amortization was largely offset by television programming revenue in the quarter.  Now let's look at earnings. For the second quarter 2011, we reported net earnings of $58.1 million or $0.42 per diluted share compared to $43.6 million or $0.29 per diluted share a year ago. This includes a favorable tax adjustment of $20.5 million or $0.15 per diluted share, which relates to previously unrecognized tax benefits and other adjustments resulting from the completion of a tax audit.  Additionally, in the quarter, we recorded pretax expense of $13.1 million or $0.06 per diluted share from severance, relocation and related costs associated with establishing our Center of Excellence for Hasbro Games in Rhode Island. Excluding both these items, net earnings were $46 million or $0.33 per share. For the quarter, average diluted shares were $139.2 million compared to $148.5 million last year. Cost of sales in the quarter was $378 million or 41.6% of revenues versus $300.3 million or 40.7% of revenues in 2010. Despite a positive impact from higher-priced, royalty-bearing products, cost of sales as a percentage of revenues was higher due to the level of sales of close-out inventory from last year at low to no margin, as well as the impact of unfavorable manufacturing variances from a slowing of games production. Operating profit margin in the quarter was 8.9%, including $13.1 million of severance relocation and related costs. As I mentioned previously, these were approximately evenly split between product development and SD&A. Excluding these costs, operating profit was 10.3% versus 10.8% last year.  Overall, our year-over-year run rate of expenses is at a higher level than in 2010, as we have funded important growth initiatives in the past year, including driving future product innovation through investments in product development, developing and expanding our emerging markets business through talent and marketing investments, building out our global licensing team, as well as supporting our television initiatives globally. We have already begun to see leverage from these investments in the International segment. And we expect in the second half of the year, we will gain some additional leverage from these investments, as well as anniversary to increasing cost in certain areas. Specifically, costs for lifestyle licensing, digital gaming, movies, television and online, all within the Entertainment and Licensing segment, have a current quarterly fixed expense run rate of approximately $15 million to $16 million. We grew our investment in the quarter in licensing, TV and online, and much of these expenses have been added ahead of the incremental revenue we anticipate generating in future periods.  Advertising, at 9% of revenue, declined as a percentage of revenue. This is consistent with previous years that had significant entertainment initiatives. Advertising as a percentage of revenues is expected to be at the lower end of our typical annual range of 10% to 11% of revenues.  In contrast and as expected, royalties grew in the quarter, reflecting increased entertainment-based offerings. For the second quarter, royalties were 9% of revenue versus 6.8% in 2010. This is primarily the result of royalties related to TRANSFORMERS movie products and BEYBLADE.  Within SD&A, emerging market and international expansion were key drivers of higher spending levels. We also had increased spending associated with our Licensing business and our non-cash SAP depreciation, which began in the first quarter. Foreign exchange also was a factor in our SD&A increase in the quarter.  Additionally, $6.7 million of the costs associated with the games action was in SG&A. For the full year, we continue to expect SG&A to be below 20% of revenues including the cost associated with our Games group.  Moving below operating profit. Other expense, net, totaled $4.6 million compared to other income, net, of $3.2 million a year ago. The year-over-year change was primarily the result of higher foreign currency losses in 2011 compared to 2010 on non-hedged transactions due to a weaker U.S. dollar.  Additionally, our 50% share of The Hub is included in the slide on the P&L. For the second quarter, our share of the earnings in The Hub was income of $197,000 compared to a loss of $76,000 in the second quarter 2010. For the second quarter 2011, our underlying tax rate was 27.7% compared to an underlying tax rate of 28.5% in 2010. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled to $584.8 million compared to $872.3 million a year ago. Operating cash flow for the past 12 months was $324 million and includes $73 million in television programming costs for the period.  In December of 2010, we entered into a new $500 million credit facility, which extends through December 2014. And in January of this year, we established a commercial paper program to allow us to issue commercial paper as a source of short-term liquidity as needed. During the second quarter 2011, we repurchased a total of 2.4 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $112 million and at an average price of $45.80 per share. In the first 2 quarters of 2011, we repurchased 3.8 million shares at a total cost of $175.7 million at an average price of $45.69 per share. At quarter end, $474.5 million remained available under our current share repurchase authorization. The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good and receivables at quarter end were $838 million, up 26% compared to $663.5 million last year. This reflects a 23% growth in revenues and an impact from foreign exchange.  DSOs were 83 days, up 2 days versus last year. The increase is primarily due to lower Licensing revenue, which have shorter payment terms, combined with the increased revenue in international emerging markets, which have longer payment terms.  Inventories at $426.9 million compared to $342.1 million a year ago and $401.3 million at the end of Q1. While inventories increased year-over-year, $23.5 million was a result of foreign exchange differences, and the overall growth was not as big as it's been in the past several quarters.  During the quarter, we took steps to move some slower moving carryover inventory, which negatively impacted our cost of sales but helped to improve the quality of our inventory portfolio. Overall, our inventory quality is good, and we believe sufficient to support our continued, expected international growth and the exciting new initiatives we have coming, which Brian spoke of earlier. Depreciation and capital expenditures in the quarter were $28.3 million and $28.7 million respectively.  Overall, we believe we are on plan to deliver a strong 2011. The second quarter showed healthy revenue growth. And with the innovation we have coming to retailers globally this fall, we believe we will deliver meaningful revenue and earnings per share growth for the full year versus the $4 billion in revenue and $2.74 in earnings per share we reported in 2010. Brian, David and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Drew Crum of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I want to start with the Games and Puzzles business, guys. Any savings from the reorganization you're expecting in 2011? And could you comment on the inventory levels in for that business, both domestically and internationally, heading into the second half?
Brian Goldner: All right. Dave, you want to talk about inventory, and I'll...
David Hargreaves: Certainly, at the retail level, we said both on our end-of-year call and on our first quarter call that inventories were high. Right now, on the Games, inventories at retail are down versus a year ago.
Brian Goldner: And Drew, what we're really doing here -- and we took the opportunity this year to sort of do 5 things in the Games business. The first was to really accelerate the pace of the reinvention of that business, given where several of our other categories we're going. It was a perfect time to go do that. We had in our mind's eye to create a Center of Excellence around gaming, where we're able to marry the analog and the digital across a number of different formats, engaging more of the brand teams in that integrated and innovative manner. We have new leadership in the team, really proven global brand leaders who have reinvented and reimagined other brands for us globally. We have a whole new marketing approach for this fall, as well as a lot of new initiatives for the fall, but particularly, new marketing approach. We talked a lot about what we have done in marketing, particularly, in the U.S., with too many initiatives being supported and not a focus on kids marketing. And we're doing all of that. And then, longer term, in 2012, you will see more impactful and many more new initiatives and innovations. So really, it's a holistic approach to the business that we feel very good about, as we look towards 2012 and beyond.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And Brian, if I could shift gears to TRANSFORMERS, could you comment on the sell-in, sell-through performance, relative to your expectations, relative to TRANSFORMERS II? And then the follow-up to that is just going forward, what are the plans as far as media support for this franchise? And then I guess, I'm speaking specifically to another theatrical release.
Brian Goldner: We're very expect excited about TRANSFORMERS. And what's so great about it, in particular, if you focus first on the global box office is the fact, the global box office is very compelling and growing in several of those emerging territories so Russia, Brazil, emerging markets, China. That's a lot of the growth you're seeing in the global box office, and certainly, 3D is also contributing to that. Our business looks very similar to 2009 in some ways, and then different in other ways, and that we have more international retailer support than we've ever had. We have more licensees, and we have several new categories of product, including 2 more significant new introductions: one is TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS, and the second is the introduction of KRE-O. So we're into a lot of new play patterns and new categories, more international support. But yet, overall, I'd say, it's a similar result to -- and certainly thus far to 2009 versus 2007 movies. As we look at the future, certainly, with the kinds of results we're seeing, our great partners at Paramount, as well as Hasbro, are very excited about what's possible. We have a lot of great promotional partners who are equally interested over the weekend, watching TV and seeing all the Burger King promotions, and our Activision games business coming online. People would certainly be excited about reinventing and reimagining TRANSFORMERS for the future. And certainly, movies play a role as does TRANSFORMERS: Prime. As the animated TV series will go around the world that we announced this morning, that we're now going to be in over 30 countries by year end versus the 20 we had guided toward earlier in the year.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And my last question, just a follow-up on that Brian. Is the guidance for the television initiative for the company still neutral to modestly accretive in 2011?
Brian Goldner: Well, what we're seeing thus far is tremendous progress in our overall television strategy. We are very encouraged by what we're seeing in The Hub. June was our highest ratings month we had seen since last December. Lots of momentum around the new summer schedule and greater proportion of Hasbro brands and Hasbro-branded content are 7 of the top 10 shows.  As we go forward, we are certainly seeing the halo effect of having our shows on The Hub and on international markets like MY LITTLE PONY. We don't yet have all of the product out there for the shows that are on the air. Most of that happens late this year. And it starts to become more clouded about which of these brands are growing as a result of the motion picture versus the TV. But what we do know is that overall, the TV strategy is certainly contributing to the business, both domestically and internationally. We don't really want to continue to talk about specific accretion, but suffice it -- and the reason for that, obviously, is because it's hard to delineate the specific cost and the specific results -- positive results, that we're seeing from TV-related -- to TV versus other marketing initiatives. But overall, we feel very good about the overall TV strategy in particularly about The Hub.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners LLC: First, when I look at your gross margin, you now put together 5 consecutive quarters of lower year-over-year margin. At what point do you think that we see an inflection point and start seeing that rise again? And then secondly, with The Hub, maybe you can give a little color on the advertising traction you're seeing there. And also the cable network upfront is pretty much wrapping up right now, and how you're seeing that did on a year-over-year basis.
Brian Goldner: Yes, overall, Eric, we're going to still see our gross margins in that 58-point-something range for the full year. That's really where we've seen our business going. Deb talked about getting the leverage from the revenues growth you're seeing in second quarter. And we believe that fact to be the case. Good signs of that, unless you want to comment further.
Deborah Thomas: The one thing that you're seeing impacting in the second quarter that normally it wouldn't have as much of an impact is the level of closeout inventory sales that we had particularly in the United States in the quarter. Because while we took all of the charges associated with writing that inventory down last year to the level we would sell it at, we had a higher level of revenue at little to no margin. Now typically, we always have closeout sales, but they come closer to the holiday period when revenues are higher, so you don't see that impact. So I do think you're seeing some of that in the quarter as well. But on a full year, as Brian said, we still expect our gross margins to be in that 58-point-something-percent range.
Brian Goldner: Right. And on The Hub, what we're seeing is growth in advertising revenue, very consistent with our long-term plan and up several fold versus a year ago. Lots of advertisers that have come on board that had not advertised prior on Discovery Kids. And again, we are on track for our long-term plan on The Hub, as well as the International business, which is actually ahead of our expectations. And having our programming on the air in 30 markets -- 30-plus markets this fall is certainly as good as one could've expected and certainly better than our overall plan.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Kelter with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I just wanted to first off follow-up on the gross margin question. I guess, if -- because your margins were down 100 basis points, you mentioned that games production was slow, and you had to close out. Could you maybe tell us would gross margins have been flat, if not, for those 2 things? I guess, just give us some sort of a magnitude of how they impacted your P&L.
Deborah Thomas: I think, gross margins would have been up absent those 2 things, Michael. Given the mix of our products in the sales we talked about the strength of TRANSFORMERS and BEYBLADE. And when we do have these entertainment-driven properties, we tend to have a higher gross margins to offset the higher royalty costs. So we will get those things together. And I think, if we had looked at those 2 things together, absent the closeout and the impact of the manufacturing slowdown on the game side, you would have -- we would've seen this be up.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then on board games, I heard, David, you mentioned that retailer inventories are now down versus a year ago. Can you talk about your own inventory levels, and if they're also in line, and inventory, really, at this point is clean going forward?
David Hargreaves: We've got no problem with our inventory levels. If you look at our inventory, right now, it's $426 million. That's up 24% versus a year ago. Take out foreign exchange impact of that, and it's up 17.8%. That's fully consistent with the growth that we're having in our business. As we said, a lot of those inventories in new markets that we didn't used to be in. So we've opened up business in Columbia. We've opened businesses in Korea over the last few years. They need inventory. So we are unlike the end of the first quarter and the end of last year, where we weren't fully comfortable in our inventory levels, we are now very comfortable with our inventory levels.
Brian Goldner: Michael, the inventory levels are really following the sales. So now our inventory is very split between domestic and international inventories. So it's not a -- not inventory in a place where we don't have sale.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So now that you're inventories are clean, and you can kind of just look forward, what are -- and you mentioned the longer term confidence in the business, what about the back half of this year? I mean, you talked about getting back some support and displays at major retailers in the past. And do you think there's a reasonable chance that business could be up, or is it still just going to be one of those kind of transition years for board games?
Brian Goldner: I don't want to guide within specific categories, within the year. And certainly, our view toward our business is certainly in the medium- and long-term versus just for the year. Having said that, we feel very good about our overall ability to achieve meaningful revenue and EPS growth this year. And that's inclusive of our re-imagination and reinvention in the Games business. And as we go forward, the number of new initiatives this team is bringing forward and a new approach of the Games business is very heartening for us and is very consistent with the kinds of re-imagination you've seen from us in other brands that have then gone on to have global success.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then one last one on -- you had mentioned TRANSFORMERS is tracking kind of towards '09, at least at this point, how about BEYBLADE? Is that still tracking directionally towards '03, or maybe not as great as that year?
Brian Goldner: BEYBLADE is performing exceptionally well. And it's performing well all around the world in every country that it's in. We're in more countries around the world than we've been in before, with greater impact. You're seeing that uptake with kids. The show is on the air around the world. I'm not going to guide again toward a specific number, but TRANSFORMERS and BEYBLADE are certainly major contributors in the Boys arena.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix, Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Brian, touching upon something that you just talked about before, when you were giving us your overview for your business. You're rather optimistic, but if we look at the first half of the year, there were significant down -- declines in each of the segments other than Boys. You just talked about the Games. But I'm just wondering how you view the growth prospects for the non-Boy business for the second half of the year. Should we expect to see year-over-year growth?
Brian Goldner: Well, we have -- within the Girls business, for example, we have significant year-over-year growth in several brands: MY LITTLE PONY, and FURREAL Friends, BABY ALIVE. But you have some offsetting things that are going on. For example, in Easy-Bake, because of the whole light-bulb situation, that's a brand that's off significantly. And while it's not a significant contributor to global growth, given the issues in electrical products and the fact that you can't take that product all around the world, it has an impact on the segment in the quarter. And so if you look at the major global brands that we have -- we talked about the one brand that needed a major reinvention was LITTLEST PET SHOP, and that is on track. The new initiatives start launching very shortly now for the fall, including the walkable pets that I've talked about. So once you get beyond some of these secular shifts in products like Easy-Bake, you really start to see the major global brands come to the floor, and that's why, in Girls, I feel very comfortable.  But in Preschool, again, some positive signs there as well. Our Sesame Street launches, and brands like PLAY-DOH and TONKA contributing. And PLAYSKOOL, again, getting into the leads a bit. That was a case in the early part of this year, where we had a few perennial products that were not as profitable for us or the retailer that had great innovation, but given costs that had escalated over time needed to be reinvented like the STEP START WALK 'N RIDE. And the BALL POPPER needed to be reinvented. And so those products' volumes came out of the early parts of the year. It has an impact on our business, but we're reinventing those products and those lines. And they will be out in the second half of the year for us, and then going into '12. So again, overall, there's nothing in the structural elements within those segments that concern us.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then -- and I'm just curious, because your competitor, on Friday, said several times on their earnings call that they're gaining share. I know the industry's pretty fragmented, but there are 2 big players. And I'm just wondering if you can address that, and if there's any areas that you might be just being affected competitively.
Brian Goldner: Actually, if you look at shares around the world, our shares throughout Europe are growing in every country. The U.S., especially, early this year, had stepped back within terms of share. More recently we're seeing better results out of the U.S. But if you go all around the world -- in major regions around the world, our shares are growing. We did have to work through issues in our U.S. business, which we've talked about. And go forward, we feel that we will gain market share in the U.S. as well. But in every territory, in every country around the world, we are growing market share and doing so fairly significantly. And so again, as a global company now, we look at our global market shares and feel that we are on track.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then my next question has been asked, but I'll touch on it a different way. I mean, obviously, you look at everything globally. A lot of folks have been kind of doing their own channel checks. There's just been talk about sell-through of TRANSFORMERS. Just wondering, what do you think the end consumer takeaway is, and are you comfortable with the sell-through?
Brian Goldner: I think, for a lot of reasons, again, the overall size and scope of the brand that we've talked about is being more comparable to 2009 than 2007. But there are some market differences, and they're positive ones. We have more new innovation and new categories: Brands like KRE-O launching in our top 8 markets and then will be global next year; RESCUE BOTS; other categories of product like TRANSFORMERS: Universe, the smaller scale products are launching and performing quite well. So again, I think that the template for this brand continues to expand and evolve. That's part of the idea of having an evergreen brand. The number of licensees that we have and promotional partners we have continues to evolve. So overall, the audiences gave it a 90% positive rating on exit polls, which is better than any of the prior movies. So with the playability, we think, it's quite good. It even performed well this past last weekend in the face of strong competition from Harry Potter. And around the world, it's performed exceedingly well with over $700 million. And so we'll play well through the DVD period. And then Paramount has a tremendous plan in home-entertainment DVD for the fourth quarter. And that will be where even more kids will come and get to see the movie. Because, of course, it's a PG-13 movie, we recognize that sometimes littler kids don't go out to the theaters in the first couple of weeks. And again, there's nothing about the TRANSFORMERS business that worries us. In fact, we've very excited about owning and operating a brand of this strength, and the opportunity to continue to reinvent it over the next several decades.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Great. Final question, just curious on the -- on your Entertainment and Licensing, the profitability just seem to be a lot lower year-over-year. Deb touched upon the BATTLESHIP payment. Was that, primarily all of it, x the BATTLESHIP payment? Should we be -- should we have expected to see a more normalized margin there?
Brian Goldner: Yes. If you look overall for the year, Felicia, you'll -- it's partly what you're seeing in terms of revenues, obviously, that could cover the cost. I mean, just timing around when you get payments on royalties for licensed properties. They happen in arrears, and we'll follow in the third and fourth quarter. You have program amortization in that, in the cost there that's different than the year ago. That accounts for some of the profitability, the investment in licensing personnel, accounts for some of the profitability. But overall, again, by year end, you see a segment that again returns the kinds of profitability we've seen historically.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Deb, where do you expect the full year tax rate to be?
Deborah Thomas: We think the full year tax rate, we still expect it to be in the 28% range.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: That's normalized. So that will be excluding the adjustment?
Deborah Thomas: That's correct.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. Second, Brian, you mentioned a couple of things that was strong and just wanted to drilled down on a couple of other product categories. How is NERF performing?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Overall, that -- what we're seeing in the U.S. has been the restaging of the business in early in the year, probably a little bit too much inventory. Internationally, significant growth overall. For the quarter, it was relatively flat, because you've got strong International growth up against the U.S. staging and preparing for VORTEX. The second half of the year we have a major launch from VORTEX, the VORTEX line coming in the market, as well as new initiatives within the dart side of the business. So that's where we are thus far, and we feel very good about that business. The other part of that business now is Super Soaker, which has performed very, very well, up significantly versus year ago in second quarter. And that's true particularly in the U.S., That's the brand that's done very well in the second quarter. And so for the full year, again, NERF looks very strong.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. Now regarding the impact of closeouts on margins, do you think that, that's now been normalized, or should we expect that to continue in the second half? The impact from gross margin, that is.
Deborah Thomas: No. I mean, we do expect to have more closeout sales in the second half of the year, but as we get closer to the holiday season, it really gets leveraged against the revenue growth -- the additional revenue growth of some other parts of the business. So we don't expect -- well, we have more, we don't expect that we'll see an impact similar to what we saw this quarter.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: So in other words, you always have some, right? I think, it's now...
Deborah Thomas: Right. Yes, we always have some.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: But it won't be something that you need to call out? That's your expectation, that it's not going to have...
Deborah Thomas: Yes, that's our expectation.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: And just to -- I hate to come back to this horse and take another whack at it, it seems to be dead. But I just want to be clear, sell-through on TRANSFORMERS, is that up or not up versus 2009?
Brian Goldner: Sell-through on TRANSFORMERS in the U.S. is probably down a bit versus '09, but internationally is up. So particularly up significantly in the emerging market businesses.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. And you've mentioned all those other additional revenues sources that you might not have had last time around.
Brian Goldner: Right. Probably that what you have there, Sean, and it's a good point is we've purposely created a more diffused product line. So KRE-O is new business, and you wouldn't have those POS comparisons. So you're taking a category that we plan differently in the Boys action arena, this time than last time and again in the U.S. in particular, where POS is down a bit in the U.S. It's up significantly in several markets around the world. We really much -- take much more of a global view to this, the number of licensed products, categories that are performing well is there as well. So it's hard to make an apples-to-apples comparison, but broadly speaking, that's what we think we're seeing.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. Great. And then my last question is we've asked about earlier about the impact of The Hub. I think Drew asked them. You said, you didn't want to get into what the exact impact was. But you had said, I think, earlier this year that you to continue to believe that it would be neutral. Are you not commenting, because that's not true or you're not commenting, because you just don't want to comment?
Brian Goldner: No, no. So if you took -- but thank you for asking. If you took last year's dilution of about $0.30, we're not going to see that kind of dilution this year. I think that's what you guys want to know. So what the relative thoughts is, if it costs us a few million dollars or if it's flat or its slightly accretive, the point is the contribution that it makes now becomes melded into the rest of the marketing initiatives of the product lines. And so the reason I try not then try to tease it back out is because it's really hard to tell exactly all the contributors to something and why it's selling. But having said that, we're not going to see that kind of dilution you saw a year ago.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. But is your outlook essentially the same as it was at the beginning of the year?
Brian Goldner: Yes. It's essentially what it was the beginning of the year. We don't have any reason to believe differently. In fact, some of the more recent ratings are very positive.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Just two questions. First, you mentioned the Games inventory is lower versus last year. Are there any other categories or any other brands where maybe inventory is higher, if you kind of exclude the movie-related toys?
David Hargreaves: Greg, the answer is no. I think I talked about -- already about our inventory. Our inventory absent FX is only 17.3% about a year ago compared to the first quarter, when we were looking at like 77% above so. I think between strong production then in our Games business, which is of course a little bit of the under-absorption of margin immersion, I think moving anything which was slow-moving, which has caused a bit of margin -- not profit, but margin dilution. We've done everything we needed to do to get our inventory back in shape which is what we told you we're going to be in February. I think the retailer inventories, we're comfortable with the level of inventory in our retailers. We're down single digits, we're down double digits in terms of Games inventory at our 4 major retailers in the U.S., where we get good data. So inventory had been an issue at the end of year. It had been an issue at the end of the first quarter. We don't regard it as an issue now, either our inventory or our retailers.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: All right. Good. And as you talk to major customers, is there any difference between now versus last year this time, as you -- as they start to plan for holiday, in terms of how much they plan to stock up in terms of inventory? Are they being more conservative? Are they buying later? Any change -- any differences?
David Hargreaves: I think, again, they came into the year, hoping to grow their business. They see this is a strong entertainment and product year. I think, at the end of the day though, they have to be a little bit cautious about what's happening with the U.S. economy. Now that's very different with the international markets, where a lot of the economies, Brazil, Russia, China are sort of surging ahead. But I think in the U.S., we're 2 years after out of recession, unemployment is increasing, underemployment is increasing, house prices are still going down. I think retailers will be appropriately cautious as they go into the end of the year. And certainly, we are appropriately cautious, but it doesn't change our guidance that we've have given you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a couple of clarifications. Besides the negative hit that you took on gross margins due to selling product at virtually no related margin, I just want to clarify, were there any incremental inventory charges that you took during the quarter? And if so, how much were those?
Brian Goldner: There weren't any, Tim.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then, also to clarify, you said that you expect SD&A as a percentage of revenues to be under 20%, including the charges related to the Games division?
Deborah Thomas: That's correct.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Great. And then on TRANSFORMERS, so far, year-to-date, how are retail sales trending year-over-year of TRANSFORMERS product? I know the question was asked related to '09, but just any color on a year-over-year basis at the end of the second quarter, or however you want to answer the question there.
Brian Goldner: Great. If you look at our POS on TRANSFORMERS, in our overall business for the second quarter, TRANSFORMERS' POS year-on-year is up significantly. Significant double digits, which you would expect. Our overall POS, as a company, was up in the second quarter, driven by our Toy business, with improving trends in our Games business. So that's, particularly, in the U.S. In International markets, TRANSFORMERS' POS was up significantly where we have data and where we have more proprietary sell-through information, similarly in emerging markets where you don't have as much published data, but we have our own results. The overall -- obviously, the TRANSFORMERS movie is -- has contributed significantly. The product lines are selling very well, although with different strategy than we employed in 2009 purposely.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then Brian or whoever wants to answer this, related to The Hub and the change in the agreement as far as how The Hub compensates Hasbro Studios for content. Can you give us a little bit more detail there, and what triggered that? And then also, a filing by Discovery indicated that there would be a reevaluation of the carrying value of The Hub. Just little more color around both of those issues.
Brian Goldner: I'll deal with the payments, and Deb can talk about the value. On the payment side, what we -- we started and we made an agreement prior to producing any programmings. And so as we produce the programming and put it on the air, it was quickly realized that Hasbro shows were 7 of the top 10 shows -- were really driving ratings for the channel and were the most successful shows for the channel. So we, with our partners, agreed to make a change to the licensing fees that we are being paid, particularly, for animated programming. And that license fee was raised to Hasbro -- to Hasbro Studios, that was more commensurate with the market rate for animation. So we got increased monies for our production of shows domestically from The Hub and was consistent with what people pay for animated programming. So that, of course, changed the economics for Hasbro Studios and for Hasbro, but of course, caused this change in the agreement.
Deborah Thomas: And because of that change in the agreement, it just triggered The Hub management to do a review of -- for impairment of their goodwill. And they have completed that review of goodwill impairment, and we don't expect any write-downs to be reported by The Hub in connection with that. They just have to have their auditors need to finish auditing the procedures, and that's nearly complete.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Carroll with UBS.
Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank: Just a quick one on international. I mean, just given the strength in consumers in particular, just the divisional, overall. I mean, how do we think about the profitability progression over time? I mean, how much of the delta between North America and International profitability is just structural, and how much can be -- I guess, how much of that spread can be closed as some of brands really build up scale internationally?
David Hargreaves: So I think, firstly, in the short-term as Brian mentioned in the script, historically, much more of our profit internationally comes in the second half of the year. So if you look at the relative calendarization of profitability between the U.S. and Europe, it comes later in Europe. So I think the fact that it's less profitable during the first half of the year, even when we had a lot of growth of sales, is not a representative of the annual.
Brian Goldner: But if you look over the last 5 years -- go ahead.
David Hargreaves: So for the full year, we expect that the kind of overall operating return that we get internationally will be very similar to the U.S., if not be better. Within International, we clearly, have some new markets, Brazil, China, which are major growth markets for us over time, and we are investment-spending. We're investment-spending, putting paper on the ground, putting offices there, advertising our brands. So those markets today don't achieve a breakeven. And I think, we said repeatedly that some of those are on track to deliver profitability in 2013. And obviously, as we go beyond, that will improve. And then similarly, we've just opened an office in Korea this year. We'll open Colombia this year. So as we open these new markets, they're contributing to growth. But those new markets, we have to appreciate will be a little bit of drag on our margins in the short-term.
Brian Goldner: If you look over -- I was saying, and if you look over the last 5 years, 98% -- on average, 98% of the International segment's profitability came in the second half of the year. So the fact that it's already showing some good profitability and growth in profitability bodes very well for the full year.
Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. I guess, just as a quick follow-up, so I mean, if we were look at a more developed international market, say Europe, and compare it against North America and operating margins, I mean, are they adjusting for FX? I mean, are they on par?
David Hargreaves: Yes. So in fact, some of our highest-margin markets in Europe. And if you go back and look at the full year, the last year, very close between International and U.S. and within that, as we said, we've got some emerging markets, which are drag, but we also got some margin markets, mature markets, like France, for example, where margins clearly exceed the U.S. and then Australia had good margin markets as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I had a question on digital games, 2-part question. First, if you could go over the economics of say a board game sale to Toys"R"Us versus a digital sale to say iTunes? And then secondly, on the digital sale, do you think it's a substitute for a board game? Is it a complement? Is it somewhere in between?
Brian Goldner: Sure. We'll start with the economics first. If you sell a board game, you have an operating profit margin into that board game. And as we know, a lot of board games tend to be very profitable. So call it a high-teens operating profit margin on a board game. On average, if you sell a digital game, the operating profit percentages are different by category: as to mobile game, higher operating profit margins; an online game versus a console game, which have more traditional levels of operating profit margin, given the cost of R&D and development and marketing.  What we are seeing is a significant growth in the number of digital items that we are selling year on year, in fact, EA has come out and published that they now believe there's 1 billion players globally, up from 200 million just a few years ago. So just like their business, our business is trending toward that significant inflection point, where you are not only collecting analog dollars but lots of digital dimes. And we don't see them as substitutional to a very different experience. When you play a MONOPOLY game on your smartphone or you play SCRABBLE on your iPad, that's a very different game than playing face-to-face.  And one of the key consumer insights that we are seeing as we do quantitative research is that face-to-face gaming are still something people really want and they seek out. And our Games business can absolutely grow. In fact, in the second quarter, our International games business grew. We've been working through the issues in our U.S. business, but overall, you will see more marriages of digital and analog. You'll see more new reinventions of our analog business and off-the-board games that will come into the future. So we think you can grow both.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And on the economics again, just to be clear. Digital operating margins, I know, they're different between category, but compared to a board game...
Brian Goldner: They're higher.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Higher, okay. And on your inventory, the closeout activity in the second quarter, can you give us an impact that had on the top line, as well as gross margins?
David Hargreaves: We probably -- we did move a lot of the slow-moving inventory, so we were probably in the region of $40 million to $50 million, as product that was sold at below full cost, or regional price, not certainly below cost.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Right, so just you might not necessarily hit your gross profit dollars, just your margin?
David Hargreaves: It doesn't hit profitability, but it does hit margin, yes.
Operator: Our final question is coming from the line of Alex Cook of Voyant Advisors.
Alex Cook: I was wondering if you guys could talk about the program production costs, specifically what the balance was as of Q2, and how much was capitalized during the quarter?
Deborah Thomas: Certainly, about -- at the end of the quarter, we had about $60 million on our balance sheet. And during the quarter, we spent about $22 million.
Alex Cook: But when you say spent, is that what was capitalized?
Deborah Thomas: Yes, that's our cash expenditure.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website at approximately 2 hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Debbie Hancock - VP, IR David Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Eric Handler - MKM Partners LLC Michael Tang Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Per Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc Margaret Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer; and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter 2011 earnings release was issued earlier this morning and is available on our website. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Additionally, whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. Please note that beginning in the first quarter 2011, Hasbro has reclassified certain of its products from the Boys category to the Preschool category. A table restating net revenues by category for 2010 and 2009 to reflect the 2011 category classification is included in today's press release. This morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results, and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment planned, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, costs, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance and achieving our objective. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now, I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In February, we indicated that Q1 would be challenging given the higher retail inventories entering the year as well as the timing of several of our new initiatives. Having said this, we are pleased with our first quarter performance, which is on track with our plan for the full year.  The International segment posted another quarter of strong growth, increasing 15% year-over-year, with positive gains in every major geographic region. This growth helped offset the decline in the U.S. and Canada segment, which was down as expected in the quarter. Our global portfolio approach continued to deliver growth in brands across categories. During the first quarter, a number of brands grew, including TRANSFORMERS, BEYBLADE and Super Soaker. Additionally, FURREAL FRIENDS in the Girls category and Magic: The Gathering in the Games and Puzzles category continued their recent trend of strong year-over-year gains. During the first quarter, we shipped a limited amount of product associated with Transformers: Dark of the Moon, the third installment of the TRANSFORMERS movie franchise, which is being released in theaters on July 1. These shipments will increase significantly in the second quarter as product is scheduled to be on shelf the week of May 16, ahead of the movie release date. Also in the first quarter, we shipped product in support of Marvel's release of Thor, due in theaters May 6, and so far, it is selling well. In recent weeks, we began shipments of product for Captain America: The First Avenger, due in theaters July 22.  BEYBLADE continues to be in short supply around the world. We are increasing production, but demand is so strong we'll likely not fully catch up until during the third quarter. First quarter spending reflects our continued investment in our business for the longer-term. Increases in product development in the quarter reflect developing innovative product lines for this year and beyond. In addition, Q1 reflects being fully staffed at Hasbro Studios and increased spending levels for our overall television initiatives versus a year ago, including program amortization costs and support for hubworld.com. Overall, we remain on track for our long-term plan in respect to television. Shows based on Hasbro's brands and produced by Hasbro Studios have led The Hub's ratings, with seven of the top 10 rated shows being Hasbro Studios productions.  The Hub just completed its upfront presentation to advertisers who are enthusiastic about the great lineup of new and returning shows for Season 2. From Hasbro Studios, there are six new original shows based on a number of our brands. Those series are joining five shows from Hasbro Studios that are returning with all new episodes for Season 2. The network continues to add advertisers and currently has more than 100 advertisers, the vast majority of which did not advertise on Discovery Kids. Canada is the first market outside the U.S. in which our programs are airing. In the second half of the year, we'll see broader distribution of our shows on some of the top-rated kids networks in major markets around the world, including the U.K., Germany, Spain and Italy. We anticipate our shows being on air in as many as 20 countries this year throughout Europe, Asia and Latin America. Looking ahead in 2011, in addition to our robust entertainment lineup, we have a number of very exciting new product launches scheduled. These include KRE-O, our new construction brand built around TRANSFORMERS for 2011. Initial shipments will begin shortly to be in stores in the U.S. and Canada in July.  Also in the coming months, we'll see the launch of Sesame Street products, including Let's Rock Elmo in our Preschool line. These products will begin shipping later this quarter, with the first products in U.S. stores in August.  Within the Games category, the new interactive gaming platform LIVE for both MONOPOLY and BATTLESHIP is scheduled to be on shelf in the fourth quarter and delivers an entirely new interactive experience for game players. Many of you viewed these products at Toy Fair in February. We were extremely pleased with the reaction to our line for this year by retailers, the media and you, our shareholders. We are partnering with our retailers globally in support of our entertainment initiatives, as well as the continued growth of our core brands. Overall, we remain very optimistic about 2011, which is the first year in which we are fully activating our brand blueprint across all its elements. We will see momentum starting to build in the second quarter, as we support several major motion pictures coming into theaters in May and July. We'll continue to fuel this momentum with many new innovative product initiatives across virtually all of our business.  Our International business is expanding and supported with several new offices and investments in building our emerging markets presence. The stage has been set for a strong year, and we continue to believe that we will grow revenues and earnings per share for the full year 2011. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning. As Brian stated, the first quarter was consistent with our plan for the year. We delivered revenues just below last year, while we continued investment spending in select strategic areas to support the future growth of our business. For the first quarter, worldwide net revenues were $672 million versus $672.4 million last year. Foreign exchange had a positive $4.8 million impact on net revenues for the quarter. Operating profit for the quarter was $48.9 million versus $69.3 million in 2010.  Looking at our segment results for the first quarter 2011, the U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $391.2 million versus $424.7 million last year. We had anticipated declines in the segment for the first quarter, given the higher retail inventory at the beginning of the year. Within the segment, the Boys product category grew in the quarter but was offset by declines in the Games and Puzzles, Girls and Preschool category. The U.S. and Canada segment reported an operating profit of $41 million or 10.5% of revenue. This compared to $61.1 million or 14.4% of revenues in 2010. The decline in operating profit reflects higher product development and SG&A cost, as we fund our business for future growth and new initiatives, both this year and in coming years, as well as an increase in royalties from the mix of revenues to more royalty-bearing products in the Boys category, including BEYBLADE. Net revenues in the International segment increased 15% to $254.3 million versus $221.7 million in 2010. Absent a positive foreign exchange impact of $3.1 million, net revenues in the International segment grew 13%. The results in this segment reflect growth in all major geographic regions, as well as growth in the Boys product category. Declines in the Games and Puzzles, Girls and Preschool product categories partially offset this growth. The International segment reported an operating loss of $1.7 million compared to an operating loss of $2.4 million last year. The segment’s results reflect our continued investment in emerging market. The Entertainment & Licensing segment net revenues declined 2% to $24.6 million compared to $25.1 million in 2010. These results reflect declines in licensing revenue, primarily associated with the timing of revenues from the 2009 movie, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, mostly offset by growth in licensing revenues from other brands, as well as movie and television-related revenue. The Entertainment & Licensing segment reported an operating profit of $5.4 million compared to $9.4 million last year. These results reflect lower lifestyle licensing revenue, our fully-staffed television initiative, $3.1 million of program production amortization cost in the first quarter 2011, as well as support for our online initiative.  Now let's look at earnings. For the first quarter 2011, we reported net earnings of $17.2 million or $0.12 per diluted share compared to $58.9 million or $0.40 per diluted share a year ago. Net earnings for the first quarter 2010 (sic) [2011] included a favorable tax adjustment of $21.2 million or $0.14 per share. Excluding this favorable adjustment, net earnings for the quarter were $37.7 million or $0.26 per share. For the quarter, average diluted shares outstanding were 141 million compared to 151.3 million last year. Cost of sales in the quarter was $267.2 million or 39.8% of revenues versus $262.7 million or 39.1% of revenues in 2010. The year-over-year increase is primarily due to a slightly higher cost due to the mix of product sales during the quarter and unfavorable manufacturing variances from a slowing of games production in the U.S. as we worked through existing inventory. Operating profit margins decreased to 7.3% versus 10.3% last year. Spending in the first quarter includes higher product development costs to support the increased number of initiatives Hasbro has planned for later this year and for the next several years, continued investments in the emerging markets and our now fully-staffed team supporting our television initiative. The impact on earnings from these continuing investments is more apparent in Q1, given our first quarter revenues are generally the lowest of the year. Advertising declined in dollars and as a percentage of revenue. As we indicated in February, in years with a high number of entertainment initiatives, we expect advertising as a percentage of revenues to be in the lower end of our typical range.  On a year-over-year basis, SG&A cost increased, in part due to support of our television and emerging market initiatives, as well as our SAP and European Shared Services implementation. These investments both drive future revenue growth, as well as future increased organizational efficiencies. We continue to expect SG&A to be below 20% of net revenues for the full year. Moving below the operating profit line. Interest expense increased by $4.6 million to $21.4 million, primarily due to the debt offering we completed in March 2010. Other expense net totaled $4.7 million, compared to other income net of $1.7 million a year ago. As you may recall, our 50% share of The Hub is included in this line on the P&L. For the first quarter, our share of the earnings in The Hub was a loss of $2 million compared to income of $500,000 in 2010. This year's results reflect continued marketing to drive awareness of The Hub and increased costs in support of the newly relaunched network. Additionally, we experienced higher foreign currency losses in 2011 compared to 2010. For the first quarter 2011, our underlying tax rate was 28% compared to an underlying tax rate excluding the favorable tax adjustment of 29% in 2010. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $927.4 million compared to $1.3 billion a year ago and is up from $727.8 million at year end.  Operating cash flow in the quarter was $276.5 million. This includes $17 million in television programming costs for the quarter and $64 million over the past 12 months.  In December 2010, we entered into a new $500 million credit facility, which extends through December 2014, and in January of this year, we established a commercial paper program to allow us to issue commercial paper as a source of short-term liquidity as needed.  In March 2010, we called our outstanding convertible debt. This was reflected as the current portion of long-term debt in the first quarter 2010 balance sheet. During the first quarter 2011, we repurchased a total of 1.4 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $63.7 million and at an average price of $45.48 per share. At quarter end, $86.4 million remained available under the current share repurchase authorization. During the first quarter, our board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend 20% to $0.30 per share from the previous quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share. This increase will be effective for the second quarter payment in 2011. The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good, and receivables at quarter end were $559 million compared to $526 million last year and down from $961.3 million at year end.  DSOs were 75 days, up 4 1/2 days versus last year. The increase is primarily due to growth in international emerging markets, which have longer payment terms. Inventories at $401.3 million compared to $226.8 million a year ago, which was exceptionally low, and $364.2 million at year end. Since year end, we have worked to lower our carry-forward inventory. Retail inventories are down year-over-year, and we had a number of programs to help sell this through. At the same time, we're adding inventory in anticipation for the year's many new initiatives. Additionally, due to the changing nature of manufacturing in China, our partners are building more product year-round to level load their factories, and as we discussed with you last year, this is resulting in additional inventory on our books. Depreciation and capital expenditures in the quarter were $20.3 million and $22.4 million, respectively.  Overall, our first quarter results are consistent with our expectations. Hasbro's financial position is strong. Our investments are fueling our growth, and we remain excited about our new initiatives launching in the coming months. Brian, David and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Just wondering if you could help us better understand how much of the increase in Boys sales are from TRANSFORMERS and Marvel, as opposed to BEYBLADEs?
Brian Goldner: Overall, Sean, we shipped a limited amount of TRANSFORMERS for the movie in the first quarter, and we began some shipments for Thor. Captain America and TRANSFORMERS will really ship in earnest in the second quarter. And in the first quarter, we did have good-size shipments of BEYBLADE, although we were and continue to run short of global demand. So we'll continue to catch up through second quarter. So said differently, if you look at second quarter, you're really looking at a number of Boys initiatives all shipping TRANSFORMERS in time for the May shelf date for the movie. BEYBLADE, Thor and Captain America, all in Q2.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: I know it's easy to get overly excited about percentage changes on a relatively low quarter, but would you say BEYBLADEs was the major contributor to the -- to it?
Brian Goldner: Yes, that's right. If you look at the ranking of contribution in the Boys category, BEYBLADE would be the top, followed by TRANSFORMERS.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. And then another question. On the investment spending in emerging markets and things that we've heard about for some time now, how long do you expect that to be kind of a drag on operating margins? Are we getting near the end of that being a negative influence?
Brian Goldner: Let me say one thing and David will comment as well. We opened our Colombian office just in the first quarter, and obviously, we're putting inventories into our new owned and operated markets. And obviously, the progress we're making in International is really quite strong. So you're sort of seeing that in costs, but you're also seeing that in inventory. And David, you want to talk about it?
David Hargreaves: Yes. So I think our investment in emerging markets will be ongoing, but it won't necessarily be the same market, as Brian said. Right now, it's Colombia that we're opening and it's new, and we incurred some expenses ahead of the sales. A couple of years ago, we were investing in Brazil, and we built infrastructure and overhead there before we really got the sales. And next year or the year after, it's very highly likely that it will be some other market that we're entering in. I think, also, in the major markets such as Brazil and China, that we will continue to probably overspend compared to more mature markets on advertising as we start to build the brands in those markets that have the potential to be several hundred million in a few years out. So we’re committed to growth in the emerging markets, and I think you're going to continue to see investment spending against that.
Brian Goldner: Having said that, Sean, I think -- go ahead.
David Hargreaves: One of the things is we have said and we're still on track to some of the markets today, the major markets, which are dilutive and not at breakeven, we've said that they would be breakeven or better by 2013. But that's not the case for all of the markets. I mean, some of them, like Eastern Europe, are already making pretty good returns today.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: But even the ones that are making pretty good returns, is it fair to say that they're probably a little bit more seasonal than even the U.S. like with sales more loaded and, therefore, profits more loaded in the second half?
David Hargreaves: I think so. So I mean, clearly, the first quarter, when you put in investment spending, you increase your fixed costs. Obviously, that happens on a fairly linear basis, so 25% a quarter. But our sales, we might have 15% in the first quarter and 33%, 35% in the fourth quarter. So the impact of this incremental overhead that you're putting on in emerging markets in SAP and other areas, is much more noticeable in the first than it is in, obviously, the second, third or fourth.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: All right. Okay. Last question, any comment on The Hub ratings progress?
Brian Goldner: We continue to make good progress on the ratings over the period since launch. We continue to see that Hasbro shows are driving a lot of those ratings. You will see -- not to take anything from Margaret, but you will see a richer mix of Hasbro-related shows coming on to the channel as part of a summer lineup that she is going to be moving toward. And we continue to make progress with advertisers. We had a great upfront, and advertisers are very enthusiastic. We have more advertisers again in these next quarters than we've had since the beginning of The Hub's launch. And so again, we are on our long-term plan for The Hub.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Kelter of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you maybe talk about, at this point, as you get closer, what retailer acceptance has been for TRANSFORMERS as the third movie, both in the U.S., and whether you think you might be able to grow, even off of where you were in '09 as you did off of '07, and then also abroad, and where there might be incremental opportunities versus your prior two movies?
Brian Goldner: Sure, Michael. The movie is really tremendous. I look forward to everybody getting to see it. And of course, this time around, it is in 3D, so it will play in both 2D and 3D. The acceptance has been as well very, very strong globally. It is a brand that has tended to be very split between international and domestic market. It's certainly a brand that has a long history and heritage in markets like China. We have a very strong product lineup. Additionally, we have a very strong product lineup, and the launch of Thor is already underway. We're starting to see some great uptake off the shelf for Thor, and Captain America begins shipping very shortly here for a later date of a July window and release. And then of course, BEYBLADE's continuing globally. We're in 40-plus markets around the world. So if you look at our Boys business overall, very strong, and certainly, TRANSFORMERS, I'm not going to give you a specific guidance, but certainly, TRANSFORMERS is a very robust line and is widely accepted and very enthusiastically being accepted around the world.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then I wanted to ask a bit about board games. Of course, it's been a hot button of late. Can you maybe talk about the sell-through at retail for the first quarter and what kind of trends you're seeing? And then also, what the state of inventory both on your own books and at retail might be for that particular segment?
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think there's a couple of trends out there that I'll talk about, and I know David will talk as well about it. In the holiday period, when you didn't get the merchandising that we described to you guys, there's a carryover effect early on. So therefore, you don't have the merchandising out in the beginning of the year. Having said that, we've begun some of the marketing around some of our Games brands, and we are seeing some good growth on the brands we've begun to market in the first quarter. And overall, Games inventory has come down, so we, again, feel good about our efforts and sell-through in brands like BOP IT and CUPONK and SCRABBLE and some kids games, as well as Magic: The Gathering, have all grown in the quarter. So it's really early days. We had always said to you guys that we were focusing on major innovation, major changes in marketing and merchandising in the third and fourth quarter. And we know that the Games business is highly seasonal, so we are on track for our plans for reinvention and re-imagination of that segment and feel very good about our plans there. David, I know you want to talk about markets.
David Hargreaves: I mean, I think when we came out of the fourth quarter where Games wasn't as robust, there's a bit of a concern that as you come into the next year, would retailers still value Games as a category as much as they had in the past and pursue it as aggressively? Certainly, as we've gone into this year and we start to sit with major retailers and work out our plans for the year and promotions for the year, this year, they are as enthusiastic about the Games category as they ever had been. I think we did talk about some changes in strategy at the Wal-Mart stores last year, which -- a couple of big promotional programs such as the game Highlander, which they didn't do last year. I think, clearly, there's been a lot of talk about going back to Mr. Sam's principles at Wal-Mart and going back to where they had been previous years. So I think we're going to see some of those promotional programs come back this year, which should clearly be beneficial.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then one other question. I wanted to tone in a bit on inventory, the $400 million level. You explained the two things that are driving that around the coming movies and the shift away from transitory workers in China. I was hoping you could be a little more specific to help us get comfortable. What -- in some ways, maybe contextualize the composition of the inventory, how much of it specifically is for movies, what the actual change is from the change in production strategy and how that will play out through the year? A little more detail would be helpful.
Brian Goldner: So let me start again, and then David will pick up on it. One of the things that's been very heartening is the progress we've made in international markets. So that alone can drive a good proportion of increased inventories as we gear up for major initiatives that are no longer, as we had been several years ago, more domestic initiatives with a few countries going after them to be more global initiatives. So there's a good proportion of that inventory that is identified for and going to our international markets, including new emerging market businesses that we now own and operate, and we're going after that. We feel very comfortable about the quality of the inventory because, as you've indicated, we have a number of initiatives in the second quarter, not just the Boys -- in the Boys category, but to continue to fuel the growth of brands like our second half LITTLEST PET SHOP efforts, as well as FURREAL FRIENDS, as well as some new games initiatives and, of course, KRE-O that begins late summer, all products that we'll be shipping in the second quarter. So David, if you want to comment further.
David Hargreaves: Yes. Well, as everyone is aware, there's clearly a combination of inventories. There's new stuff coming in and supporting the second quarter and then some carryover from the year-end. As Deb said in the script, we've worked down certainly some of the carryover from year-end, but not all of it. Games, for example, I think you know, basically 45% of all board games sell in the last at retail the last six weeks of the year, so it's very skewed towards the end. And it will take a little while to work through all of the games. But to the extent that the inventory carryover inventory is things like PLAY-DOH or Games or some LITTLEST PET SHOP, those items are always going to sell. PLAY-DOH will sell. If we're a bit heavy on PLAY-DOH at the moment, there's no risk or exposure that we're going to have to write it off or throw it away. PLAY-DOH will sell, as will our board games that have been in our line for 30, 40 years. So would we like to work the carryover down a bit quicker? Maybe, but are we worried about the quality of the inventory or that it's going to have some negative impact? The answer is no.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Michael Tang: This is actually Michael Tang on behalf of Felicia. Just looking at your Preschool business, this was the first time that it's declined in a year. Was there anything in particular that drove the decline? And how are you thinking about that category for the rest of the year? I think if I heard you correctly earlier, it sounds like Sesame Street might have an impact as early as the second quarter?
Brian Goldner: Yes. We have a number of new initiatives in the business. I think it was a bit of an inflection point in the business in the first quarter, but a number of new initiatives for -- but second half of the year, we feel very good about. The innovation in that business has continued. As you indicated, we have grown our Preschool business, and we'll continue to intend to grow the Preschool business. This year, Sesame Street does begin. Second half of the year, we begin shipping that as well, and a number of brands within Preschool that have worked exceptionally well globally, including PLAY-DOH and our PLAYSKOOL brand. So as we look at the full year, we feel very good about our progress and new initiatives that we have.
Michael Tang: Great. And then for program production cost amortization, that was just $3.1 million in the quarter. It seems like this could be a relatively volatile line going forward given where it was in the last two quarters. Are you still on track for your guidance of $35 million to $45 million for the year? And if so, how should we think about the progression over the next three quarters?
Deborah Thomas: Hi, Michael, I think that we are actually on track. And you're right, it is a volatile line on a quarterly basis. It depends on the programming that's delivered. But we're certainly on track for our expectations. And so we think the levels that we gave you in February are consistent with our guidance.
Michael Tang: Great. And so in line with that also, your expectations for neutral or slightly accretive for all your television efforts, that's still on track as well?
Deborah Thomas: Yes. I think we've stated that our television initiatives continue to perform in line with our expectations.
Michael Tang: Okay. And last question, just on your movies, I think -- whether you have any updates there? I think I heard G.I. Joe 2 is now in 2012. And I've also heard some discussions about a Hasbro Factory movie? I don't know if there's any new comments you have.
Brian Goldner: In 2012, what we would currently confirm for you is our Star Wars: Episode I in 3D, The Avengers from Marvel and the Walt Disney Company, BATTLESHIP is coming in May, we have Spider-Man coming as well, and G.I. Joe 2 on the slate, as well as OUIJA. Those are the movies that we have slated for 2012. Beyond 2012, a number of initiatives that are out there, we're certainly excited. I know Marvel has announced Iron Man 3 for '13 already, in May, and we have a number of brands in development for 2013 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Robert Carroll of UBS.
Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank: Just a quick question on pricing. I know -- now there's been a couple of months since, I guess, the February price increase was put in place, just want to see how receptive retailers have been to that, and if there's been any change lately? We've been hearing some interesting comments from some of the larger retailers about -- I think the expression is we're sharing some of the pain around input costs. I just wanted to see if -- how things were holding up on the pricing front.
David Hargreaves: Yes, I mean, I'm sort of surprised by the question but it is not something that I've heard anything. We took our price increases as planned, both in the U.S. and around the world. We generally took a little bit less than some of our competitors, I believe, and we haven't had pushback from the retailers. I think they understand that commodity costs are going up, and though they buy from a lot of other people, they do a lot of own label and toys, they do other categories, they understand that, and I think they accepted that prices need to go up a bit to cover these costs.
Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank: And then a quick follow-up on an earlier question. Around Transformers III, based on where the order book is now for product, if you were to overlay that versus 2009, I mean, based on your commentaries, is it safe to say that the trajectory is looking as though it's a little bit higher than what it was in '09?
Brian Goldner: I don't want to -- I'm enthusiastic, but I don't want to guide you. I will tell you I am very enthusiastic about the brand. I am very enthusiastic about our plans. The innovation in the product line is clear and apparent. And we are going on all cylinders with our retailers globally as well as with a number of licensed partners around the world to make great retail statements. And we certainly believe this movie will resonate with a full -- the full array of audience that you would expect for a big TRANSFORMERS movie. It's a really fun movie and filled with great characters and, certainly, great TRANSFORMERS. So I think that's about as far as I would go. But suffice it to say, it's a very exciting year for TRANSFORMERS.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Margaret Whitfield of Sterne Agee.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: A few questions on inventory. I wondered if you could quantify the dollar amount of carryover inventory at the Q1 level. Also, give us some commentary on what you might expect for ending inventory in Q2. And I know you mentioned your retail inventories were down, if you could give us some comment by major segment. And also, what the sell-throughs are? And if you could quantify the Easter shift on your business, that would be helpful as well.
David Hargreaves: So I don't think we're going to get into a deep analysis about exactly what was left in inventory. Again, we've reiterated, that a lot of it is to support growth in the business. A lot of it's in the newer markets that we're in, where you have to have some local language inventory. Some of it's due to the fact that we're trying to level load our vendors and ensure that we've got labor. So I don't want to over dwell on inventory. I think it will improve as the year goes on, but I'm not going to give a precise number for where we think it's going to be at the second quarter. In terms of our POS, it's down a bit during the first quarter. Clearly, part of that is due to the fact that Easter did come -- comes later this year, so you would have had more both shipping in and POS performance related to an earlier Easter in the first quarter last year. But to say exactly whether that's $5 million, $10 million, $6 million, $20 million, I don't think we really can be that smart.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And are your inventories in retail down in each segment? And if you can give us some more color on why the Girls segment was down?
David Hargreaves: So in terms of retail inventories, obviously, we don't get as good information around the world as we do in the U.S., particularly from our top four retailers. From our top four retailers in the U.S., in terms of the current line, it's certainly down a little bit versus a year ago, which is good news. I think when you talk about the Girls business, I mean I think this first quarter, there was a retailer inventory issue not just with Hasbro but across the board. And I think there's very few analysts or observers of the toy industry who didn't expect that the first quarter of 2011 was going to be a fairly tough year for manufacturers to get growth, given the retailer hangover. And I think that's being reflected in all categories, with the exception of Boys, where we did have BEYBLADE, and we did have some TRANSFORMERS, and we did have some early shipments of Thor, which were sort of able to break through that. But as you look at the other categories, I don't think it's a problem with any of our lines. I think it's just part of the state of the industry.
Brian Goldner: Yes, Margaret, just to add to that, if you look, one of the major contributors in the first quarter in terms of growth year-on-year has been FURREAL FRIENDS. We just recently launched the new MY LITTLE PONY line that's associated with the new animation. That line is also now available in Canada as we've put MY LITTLE PONY on the air on Treehouse, a network up in Canada, and we're already starting to see some positive indication there. LITTLEST PET SHOP has a whole new line, as you saw in February, that's launching in the next couple of months. So our Girls business over several quarters, if you take that perspective, is on track for our plan. And again, as David indicated, I don't think the early months are indicative of where we see that business going longer-term.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gerrick Johnson of BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Your distribution agreement with TOMY, that I think is a 15-year agreement. When does that expire?
Brian Goldner: I'd have to check the date, Gerrick. I don't recall right away, but we can certainly check, and we'll get back to you.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And on your TV...
Brian Goldner: Just to be clear, though, the distribution agreement on -- we're talking about for Japan, right?
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: TOMY's products that you distribute in the United States.
Brian Goldner: No. That's why I just wanted to ask some follow-up. No, we don't -- I mean, we don't really have any specific distribution agreement that goes the other direction. I thought you were talking about the Japanese agreement with TOMY for our products and with Tomy Takara in Japan.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: No, I was talking about things like Zoids, BEYBLADEs, stuff like that, that are TOMY's IP that you distribute in the United States and elsewhere.
Brian Goldner: Yes, we have specific contracts on products like that, that are related to each and every one of those different -- each and every one of those different initiatives.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So each product line is its own agreement?
Brian Goldner: That's right. I mean, in many cases, you have other people, other great partners involved, like Nelvana in the case of BEYBLADE. There are other people involved in those confederacies of groups of companies in other brand initiatives. So it's not typically -- it's not an overarching deal, it's by property.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. That makes things a little bit more clear. As far as Hasbro Studios goes, what shows are returning to The Hub? And which ones are not returning in the next upcoming season?
Brian Goldner: So we have five -- there are five seasons of shows that are returning: Transformers: Prime, MY LITTLE PONY Friendship is Magic, THE ADVENTURES OF CHUCK AND FRIENDS, Family Game Night and POUND PUPPIES. The only one we've hit the pause button on, just for the short term, is G.I. Joe, and that relates directly to having the G.I. Joe 2 movie come out next year, and we want to do follow-up animation based on the movie. So that's just a decision we took to accentuate our plan for next year. And then we have several new series, including a miniseries on CLUE, a series called Blythe Loves LITTLEST PET SHOP, THE GAME OF LIFE, Kaijudo: The Rise of Duel Masters, TRANSFORMERS Rescue Bots, which is oriented toward a slightly younger audience, and Scrabble Showdown. So that's our lineup of shows for The Hub for this year.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Great. And Deb, in explaining the higher inventory, you mentioned that your factories overseas are level loading. Just help me explain how that works? You buy finished goods, so shouldn't the inventory be on their books, not yours? And if you are taking it from them early to help them out, are you getting a discount on that product?
Deborah Thomas: We're actually -- in order to maintain the factories that we have and the labor rates that the factories provide, we are helping work with them and taking the inventory a little bit earlier on our book. So as David mentioned, where we might see more domestic inventory are in some of our international locations, they’re taking the inventory a bit earlier. And we kind of talked about this all throughout last year at each quarter, that we were having higher inventory levels because of this. We found that, really, to ensure supply and the quality of supply, we're working with our vendors in taking that inventory in a little bit earlier. So that's why you're seeing it on our book.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. I understand. And no commentary on NERF? Is NERF up, down, sideways in the quarter?
Brian Goldner: NERF's fairly – it’s maybe down a bit, but basically, as you would say, sideways in the quarter in that we're gearing up for a big launch in Q3 around VORTEX. And I know you don't have yet a lot of visibility there, but it's a major launch for us, as well as a lot of new -- other new NERF products that come in the second half. Having said that, the BARRICADE, which was our automatic firing blaster, has done exceedingly well globally, and we have a lot of products along those lines that have done well around the world. In more and more countries, we're seeing great progress with NERF. It's part of the growth of our International market.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And related to NERF, the Super Soaker stuff is co-branded NERF. Do you still put that under the Super Soaker brand, or is that considered NERF now when you report these segments?
Brian Goldner: No. We have -- Super Soaker is broken out. And in fact, you're right, it's up significantly year-over-year. It does carry the NERF umbrella name, as well it now has a lot of the design elements as well as the innovation that we've been putting in the NERF business. The team has been working on the Super Soaker business. And it gives us a great seasonal play, but that's separate than NERF and again, as we said, year-over-year, significant gains.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: All right. Great. That's clear. And I'm going to sneak one more in. Games' softness, is that the category being down, or how has your share been trending in that segment of business, particularly board games?
Brian Goldner: We're really not seeing big shift in the category in the first quarter. Obviously, we're re-staging that business and reinventing that business as we speak. There are some bright spots within the first quarter but not going to go through lists. Having said that, again, we really feel very strongly that our brands are resonating. If you look at our digital Games business, it's actually up pretty significantly in the quarter. So brands like MONOPOLY being played digitally and Scrabble being played digitally, we have a number of off-the-board games that have continued to perform well. And the board game business, we'll launch a number of new initiatives in the fall, including the LIVE platform. So it's not a single quarter solution, but a long-term plan to reinvent and reimagine that brand.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners LLC: I know it's still early for The Hub, but I'm just curious what type of uplift you're seeing for your brands on the retail side where you have product on the TV?
Brian Goldner: Well, we would only have one or two brands where we had had product out in early stage at the time that the shows went on the air. In fact, MY LITTLE PONY was the only one that was out for any period of time and only briefly. What we're really seeing is MY LITTLE PONY show in Canada where it's been on the air and the product was out in time for the show, we are seeing acceleration of our business. But again, it's still early days. In the case of TRANSFORMERS and several other brands, we really did not have product out. We've let the brand launch as entertainment, and we'll follow with products in the subsequent quarters.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Just kind of looking at the retail inventory levels, I mean those are -- are those pretty normal? And then are the retailers expecting to do any above average discounting or promotions to clear inventories? Or is it kind of just going to be kind of at a normalized level there?
David Hargreaves: I think as we just said, we clearly recognized at year end, coming into this year, retailers were over inventoried. They had a mid-single digit increase in their inventory of Hasbro products. Now coming out of the first quarter, we are saying that they're back in line with prior years.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Right. Good. And then just from a buying perspective, because there was all the -- how they kind of softened a little bit at the end, how are the retailers and the buyers kind of approaching this year? Are they a little bit more conservative? Or are they doing anything different than maybe you've seen in last year or the year before?
David Hargreaves: I think I heard a little bit of that earlier. I mean, clearly, the first quarter, I think they've been cautious. They've been trying to work down the inventory. As you look out to the balance of the year, I don't think they're going to be unduly cautious. I think each retailer, the toy department, they want to be a growth department, they want to do well. There's a huge amount of -- this should be a good year for the toy industry. There's a lot of entertainment out there. There's a lot of product. So I think retailers and, in particular, the buyers and the people in the toy department are looking for toys to be -- toys and games to be a strong category and help drive their growth.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Right. And then just on costs, obviously, you got good price increases, and we heard, too, as well that prices were kind of across the industry, across other manufacturers passing those on. Does that cover all of the increases, especially recent rise in oil prices, so it's kind of a net neutral to margins?
Brian Goldner: Well, the resin prices tend to rise in arrears of the oil prices.
David Hargreaves: Well, one of the main points is that the way we buy is that once our vendor gives us a price, it's basically good for a year. So to a large extent, we are insulated from short-term commodity movements. Now not so much on our shipping, but certainly in our product purchases.
Brian Goldner: But again, we had said we intend to maintain our high-50s gross margin for the year, and we've priced accordingly.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Per Ostlund of Jefferies & Company.
Per Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Question on the selling, distribution and administration line. I know you kind of alluded to it in prepared remarks, and I can certainly appreciate that it has more of an impact on a seasonally smaller revenue quarter, but wondering if you might be able to kind of parse through some of the moving parts that led to the rise year-over-year in absolute dollars? If we look back at the fourth quarter, it was down $20-plus million and then now here in the first, it's up a bit. So just want to see if there's anything first quarter and then how that projects out.
Deborah Thomas: I think, Per, what you're really seeing is, again -- and we talked about from a percentage standpoint, what we're really seeing is the impact of a lower revenue base in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. But from a dollar standpoint, it's really just a bunch of small things. We talked about our investment in installing our new SAP and shared service in Europe, which will lead to long-term efficiencies. And that's probably a couple of million dollars there. There's a few million dollars that we invested in Asia and in growing heads in Asia, and Latin America and our studio. So it's a few -- it's really just a few small things. The other thing about the fourth quarter as well is that typically, that line has a lot of incentive pay in it, and that was down in the fourth quarter as our revenues were down on the full year. So you're probably seeing a little bit of a lower amount in the fourth quarter from a pure dollar standpoint because of that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Drew Crum of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A couple of questions on the Boys business. Brian, could you comment on BEYBLADEs, how it's tracking year-to-date against the $300 million you did back in 2003? What are your expectations for Marvel relative to 2008? You had two films in 2008, you've got three films this year. And then Star Wars, it's going to be re-released in early February. I know we're looking out a couple of quarters here, but will you be shipping product in the fourth quarter of '11?
Brian Goldner: Just to clarify, we have two great movies from Marvel this year, and then we have Spider-Man next year along with the Avengers. So there's two great Marvel movies this year in Thor and in Captain America, not three. But...
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And The X-Men, right?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Well, X-Men from Fox. Right? Less product related to X-Men, certainly more related to Thor and Captain America. And we feel very good so far about what we've seen. We're very excited about the early offtake of the Thor shipments at retail. We've seen elements of all the movies that they have and feel very good about what we're doing there. I think long term, we really like this, the Marvel business, and we're building plans together for greater success for 2012 and '13. And TRANSFORMERS, obviously, we've talked about the brand and feel very strongly that it's going to be a great TRANSFORMERS year for the brand. And obviously, we now have animation that's running on The Hub that will be in support of the brand after the movie, which we didn't have the last time around. I'm not sure what was the other part of the question?
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The other part of the question was BEYBLADE, how it's tracking against the $300 million you did back in 2003 with that property? And then Star Wars, it's an early 2012 film release. Will you be shipping product in 2011 to support that?
Brian Goldner: Yes. So BEYBLADE, it's really is -- the rate of sale is very, very strong. And obviously, we are trying to catch up. We have more markets now as owned and operated markets than we had back the last time. So we have a great opportunity to take advantage of that success of and the re-invention of BEYBLADE. I can't comment specifically on the number, but suffice it to say, it's activated around the world. We don't have the rights in certain Asian markets, but we have the rights everywhere else around the world. And as we look at Star Wars for next year, I don't know whether it will -- the shipments at this point will fall in late '11, some of the shipments, or come into 2012, but certainly gearing up for a first quarter 2012 launch of Star Wars product related to the motion picture. So I think it's a little early to guide as to whether those shipments fall in '11 or '12.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And you made the comment earlier about the advertising expense being down given the amount of entertainment properties you have in the year. If you segregate that, are you starting to get any benefit from leveraging The Hub and exploiting the properties on the network and move into any alternative sources of marketing? I just wanted to get your comments on that, and if you're seeing any benefit there? Or when you would expect to see some benefit on that line?
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think what you'd start to see it as we start to ship more product related to the brands, to the animation that's on the air and the programming that's on the air would happen in the third and fourth quarter. Not only domestically on The Hub but around the world. We have 20-plus markets around the world that will have Hasbro programming on the air. We are already starting to see where we had programming and product launch early and simultaneously in Canada. We're already starting to see some indication of great progress on MY LITTLE PONY. And as we've talked about before, I think if you take the advertising line and royalty line, together, that's a pretty good guidepost for us. Years where we have our royalty line go up a bit, we tend to have the advertising line go a little bit lower and more towards the lower end of our historical range. And I think that, that's fairly consistent with what we're doing here in 2011.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Last question for Deb. Could you give us the cash balance overseas?
Deborah Thomas: I don't actually have that in front of me, but I will say that we're in a high collection period in the U.S. right now, so it's probably a bit less than it typically is.
Operator: And our last question is coming from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Most of the questions have been answered but a couple here on NERF. You mentioned at the end of last quarter that you were in a backlog situation with NERF and then with BEYBLADE. But NERF, your shipments were down a little bit. Just -- does that mean that you've satisfied the near-term demand and then you continue to anticipate decent growth with all the new initiatives for NERF in 2011?
Brian Goldner: Yes. It's really just about timing. We have a lot of -- we have some lower-priced products that had shipped for the spring this year, products like the BARRICADE in springtime and going to more markets. And we're gearing up for some major launches around the NERF brand core, as well as VORTEX as part of the NERF brand that will happen in the second half of the year. So I think in the brand, it's just timing, and it is really a brand that has done particularly well, not only in the U.S. but around the world this has grown. So no concerns there. Actually very confident about the NERF brand go forward.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then, Brian, when you were listing the movies in the earlier part of the call related to 2012, I'm assuming it was just slipped over, but BATTLESHIP is still slated for 2012, correct?
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think I may have mentioned it, maybe I said it quickly. So yes, in '12 it’s Star Wars: Episode I, The Avengers, BATTLESHIP, Spider-Man, G.I. Joe 2 and OUIJA. Those are the ones that are scheduled for release in 2012.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Great. And then, again not to beat the proverbial dead horse here, but on the inventories, David, would you anticipate -- I think you had alluded to that maybe in round number terms as a framework, you had about $65 million or so of excess at year end on the company books. Would you anticipate that being normalized by year end here given that you'll anniversary the China level loading, you have shipped a lot of the new products here. But again that was not in the excess, but working down the gains and the China level loading sort of anniversary-ing, would you anticipate that sort of normalizing, and would in that $300 million area be a good guesstimate target?
David Hargreaves: Well certainly, I don't think we gave the number of $65 million as a carryover. I don't think we've ever been that specific in terms of numbers. But clearly, it is our objective to get down to a normalized level by year end, and I don't see there’s any reason why we couldn't. I think somewhere maybe a little bit above where it was at the end of '09, recognizing that we've got a growing business and that we're in more markets than we ever used to be. So I think if we ended the year north of $300 million but not a lot far -- not a lot above, that would be a pretty good position to be in.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think if you follow up on what David's saying, if you look at the first quarter 2009, our inventory was about $300 million, and we didn't have the same number of international markets activated, nor did we have as much International momentum. And we didn't have quite as many new initiatives planned for second and third quarter as we did in '09 as we do in 2011. So I think those are good guideposts.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then last question here, Deb, as it relates to share repo, two pieces here. What were the basic shares at the end of the quarter here, the basic share count at 3/31? And then on the cash, do you anticipate any need to repatriate and therefore any tax implications this year to repurchase what you guys sort of have in mind to repurchase for the year?
Deborah Thomas: Tim, our outstanding shares at the end of the quarter were 136,804,470. I was prepared for you to ask that question. And certainly, we've continued to say that to the extent we have excess cash here in the U.S., it remains our plan to return it to our shareholders, either through dividends, which our board just increased the dividend, and that's going forward for first payment in the second quarter, when the normal payment schedule is. And beyond that, we'd continue to return it to our shareholders through share buyback.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. So at this point, you don't really see any change in your tax outlook as far as the need to repatriate cash for any of those corporate-related returns of capital?
Deborah Thomas: That's correct.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to hand the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you. We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website immediately following this call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Goldner - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Deborah Thomas - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Debbie Hancock - VP, IR David Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Eric Handler - MKM Partners LLC Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. David Leibowitz - Burnham Financial Group Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Taylor - Arcadia Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc James Chartier - Moness, Crespi, Hardt Margaret Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer; and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings release was issued earlier this morning and is available on our website. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Additionally, whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results, and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, costs, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance and achieving our objectives. There are many factors that could cause actual results in experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As we entered 2010, we shared with you our vision to continue reinventing, reimagining and reigniting the industry's broadest portfolio of world-class brands. At the time, we characterized 2010 as a year of singles and doubles, meaning we were relying on growth from brands across our portfolio to drive our business, following our very strong performance in 2009. In 2010, we accomplished many elements of our strategy: growing market share across five of the 11 NPD super categories in the U.S. and six of the 11 NPD super categories in Europe, delivering significant growth in several reimagined brands, and growing EPS for the 10th consecutive year. A number of strong performances drove these accomplishments. Our International segment turned in a tremendous year, posting 7% revenue growth. Product revenues grew in every category, Boys, Games and Puzzles, Girls and Preschool.  The emerging markets contributed strong growth, and with continuously improving profitability, helped support the International segment's 29% overall growth in operating profit, which increased both in dollars, up $47.5 million, and as a percentage of revenues to 13.4% versus 11.1% in 2009. Globally, our Preschool category grew 13%, driven by continued strong growth in PLAYSKOOL, PLAY-DOH and TONKA. The Girls category increased 5% on strong performances from FURREAL FRIENDS, which more than doubled its revenues in 2010, as well as growth in BABY ALIVE and STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE. In our Boys category, NERF extended its recent performance of strong year-over-year gains, increasing 51% to reach $414 million in revenue, making it our largest brand of the year. BEYBLADE was relaunched, and is off to a very strong start in the U.S. and international markets. TONKA grew in 2010, helping us gain share in the Vehicles category, and our Marvel business was up on the strength of Iron Man. Finally, several reimagined games' brands turned in strong performances, including Magic: The Gathering, SCRABBLE, CUPONK, BOP IT and Toy Story-related games. Having said this, we did not grow revenues in 2010. We believe the revenue shortfall was due to a convergence of a few negative factors late in the final quarter of the year, and is not emblematic of our long-term business, which remains on track for growth in 2011 and beyond. As you'll recall in 2009, revenue for Transformers and G.I. JOE topped $700 million through the immersive experiences we provided consumers for two very successful motion pictures. We knew that in order to grow our business in 2010, we would need to achieve growth of $300 million to $400 million across Hasbro's brand portfolio to compensate for the traditional level of decline one might expect from movie-backed properties the year after a film. Our brands came very close to achieving this level of growth.  In the games category, our U.S. business softened late in the holiday period, when we rely on consumer take away to fuel reorders from our retailers. In addition, we had shipped more products earlier in the year to avoid potential container shipment shortages. And with slower consumer take away late in the fourth quarter than anticipated, retailers had sufficient inventory on hand and placed fewer reorders.  On average, over a third of the annual Games business is typically purchased in the final six weeks of the year. Retailers entered the Christmas holiday season with inventory to support this trend, yet consumer demand did not fully develop across our broad Games portfolio. As we reimagine and reignite our Games business, it is important to note that more people are enjoying Hasbro's games than ever before, just in new and different ways. In fact, in 2010, our brands experienced a greater than 50% increase in mobile downloads. The growth is indicative of the resonance and ubiquity of our brands, which consumers will pay to experience across casual gaming platforms.  Through our relationships with Electronic Arts, Activision and others, we are growing our gaming audience and creating immersive experiences for consumers across several platforms. Our team at Wizards of the Coast is already successfully bringing the digital and analog worlds together, enabling consumers to enjoy Magic: The Gathering across multiple platforms.  The combination of the traditional Magic: The Gathering trading card game with Magic: The Gathering Online and Duels of the Planeswalker on Xbox LIVE Arcade, PlayStation 3 and on the PC produced strong growth in Magic: The Gathering players and a more than 30% increase in the brand's revenue in 2010. In 2011, we are further leveraging what people enjoy in our games digitally with innovative new gaming experiences. In 2010, we introduced the innovative FLASH technology, which drove a very successful year for SCRABBLE and BOGGLE FLASH. In 2011, we are bringing this technology to a reinvention of SIMON, with SIMON FLASH. We will also unveil a new, branded, gaming platform, an interactive and immersive experience that brings your favorite board games to life in unexpected and unique ways. Finally, creative, new, off-the-board play experiences such as CUPONK and BOP IT are engaging our games consumers. 2011 will also include a first in the digital arena for Hasbro, as we bring to market a Transformers MMOG [massively multiplayer online game] in China.  Our television initiatives took an important step in 2011. On October 10, 2010, Hasbro and Discovery Communications launched The Hub under the leadership of Margaret Loesch and her team. We continue to be encouraged with the initial results we are seeing at The Hub. Of all kid cable networks, The Hub is leading co-viewed network in kids two to 11 and adults 18 to 49. Meaning, the network boasts the highest percentage of kids and their parents watching together. We are pleased with the ratings progress since the launch, and we believe the marketing investments in the network our working. The Hub currently has more than 80 advertisers, up from the 50 at the launch, most of which had never advertised on Discovery Kids.  Hasbro Studios is currently producing 335 half hours of programming for season one of The Hub and the international markets. The studio has entered into programming agreements with Corus in Canada, where its shows a currently airing on YTV, Teletoon and Treehouse; with Mediaset in Italy on their Italia Uno channel; with Turner Broadcasting's Cartoon Network in the U.K., Spain, Sweden, Norway, Denmark and the Middle East; and with Fox LOOK for international game show and unscripted television content. We expect to see Hasbro Studios programming in additional regions throughout the world by fall 2011. Our team has done a great job bringing Hasbro brands to life for The Hub and for international markets. We are proud of the quality of programming being produced at Hasbro Studios and the integral role it plays in the development of immersive brand experiences globally. 2011 is the first year in a multi-year strategic plan in which we will have significant initiatives across all elements of our brand blueprint: In television, in movies, in digital gaming, in licensing and of course, most importantly, across our portfolio of toys and games. We have had years with successful initiatives in each of these areas before. But 2011 will allow us to truly activate and execute across our brand blueprint in the most comprehensive manner to date. Key initiatives in 2011 include Transformers. In partnership with global retailers, we have Transformers toys and games, licensed consumer products and digital games across all platforms supporting the release of Transformers: Dark of the Moon in theaters July 1.  Within our strategic license relationships, we are committed to being the best, most innovative partner with the best, most innovative brand owners such as Marvel and Lucasfilm. To that end, in 2011, a great new partner joins with us as Sesame Street comes to our Preschool line featuring a number of beloved characters such as Cookie Monster, in addition to tremendous Elmo initiatives you'll learn about at Toy Fair. As we go forward, Sesame Street will be a focus for us year-round. The brand will also be global as we launch product in more than 25 countries in fall 2011.  Also within our strategic relationships, we have a great line of toys and games supporting two new Marvel films: Thor in May and Captain America: The First Avenger in July. In television, we have a full year of The Hub and the initial launch of Hasbro Studios' programs outside the U.S. Finally, we have additional initiatives we will preview at Toy Fair, which you will see for the first time later this week. As we begin 2011, our inventory at retail is of good quality. We expect the first quarter of 2011 to present a difficult comparison to year ago. We anticipate building momentum during the year on the strength of our initiatives. As a result, we believe we should be able to grow both revenues and earnings per share in 2011 on the strength of our business globally and initiatives in all major product categories. We have the strength of Hasbro's global team behind us and are honored to be named to Fortune's 2011 "100 Best Companies To Work For" list. We know that the Hasbro team has the drive, passion and commitment to win, and our continued investment in growing our talent globally is essential to our long-term success. We look forward to seeing you on Friday at our Toy Fair investor event where we will further outline our 2011 initiatives. Now I would like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian, and good morning. As Brian highlighted, in 2010, we had a number of strong performances despite the difficult comparison with 2009 and a softening of U.S. consumer demand in games late in the fourth quarter. Our revenue was down slightly in the year, but we achieved record net earnings, improved our operating profit margin to its highest level in 25 years and grew earnings per share for the 10th consecutive year. We accomplished this while also expanding the reach of our business by entering new countries, investing in Hasbro Studios and launching The Hub. Importantly, we continue to generate cash, which we deployed back into our business and returned to shareholders.  We talk a lot about the investments we are able to make in our business because they are so critical to our long-term success. These investments have roots throughout our company: in product development, to ensure we have the most innovative products for years to come; in advertising and marketing, to build and support our brands around the world; for television programming in support of our global entertainment strategy; to establish and expand our business in emerging markets where we are driving growth; in our systems and global processes, including improving efficiencies through the upgrade of our SAP system to one global system, which is now deployed in the U.S. and Europe and underway in the rest of our international markets; and perhaps most importantly, in attracting, retaining and developing our people, where our investments will foster the creativity and innovation that will take Hasbro into the future. For the full-year 2010, worldwide net revenues were $4 billion compared to $4.07 billion a year ago, a decline of $66 million. Foreign exchange had a negative $17.7 million impact on net revenues for the year. Operating profit for the year was $587.9 million. As a percentage of revenue, operating profit margin improved to 14.7% versus 14.5% in 2009. Looking at our full-year 2010 segment results, U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $2.3 billion compared to $2.45 billion last year. The segment experienced growth in the Preschool category, offset by declines in the Boys, Girls and the Games & Puzzles category. The U.S. and Canada segment reported an operating profit of $349.6 million compared to $380.6 million in 2009. Operating profit margin was 15.2% of revenues versus 15.5% in 2009. The decline in operating profit reflects lower revenue, which offsets lower royalty and amortization expense in the year. Net revenues in the International segment increased 7% to $1.56 billion versus $1.46 billion in 2009. Absent a negative foreign exchange impact of $27.6 million, net revenues grew 9%. The results reflect growth in every major product category and region including continued growth in our emerging markets.  The International segment reported operating profit of $209.7 million, up 29% from $162.2 million last year. As a percent of revenue, operating profit increased to 13.4% versus 11.1% in 2009. Operating profit margin improved in 2010 as we continue to gain efficiencies in our business, including the emerging markets in addition to lower royalty and amortization costs in the year.  The Entertainment & Licensing segment net revenues declined to $136.5 million versus $155 million a year ago. This is primarily due to a decrease in movie-related revenues related to Transformers and G.I. Joe entertainment properties in 2009. The Entertainment & Licensing segment reported operating profit of $43.2 million compared to $65.6 million last year. These results reflect lower revenues and additional expenses associated with our television initiatives, including $22.1 million of program production amortization costs. These were $5 million in the third quarter and $17.1 million in the fourth quarter. The higher amortization in the fourth quarter reflects a mix of programs we've delivered to The Hub, including game shows and entertainment-style programs which have a shorter amortization period than animated programs. Now let's look at earnings. For the full-year 2010, we reported net earnings of $397.8 million, or $2.74 per diluted share, compared to $374.9 million, or $2.48 a year ago. 2010 net earnings include a favorable tax adjustment of $21.2 million recorded in the first quarter 2010, or $0.15 per diluted share. Excluding this impact, earnings per diluted share were $2.59 per share. The full-year impact of the tax adjustment is $0.01 higher than reported in the first quarter, given the impact of our share repurchases on share count for the full year.  Our television investments remain on track with our long-term plan, and had a negative $0.30 per share impact on the full-year 2010, versus a negative $0.12 per share impact in 2009. Given the launch of The Hub on October 10, 2010, $0.14 of the share's impact was in the fourth quarter 2010. As we told you previously, going forward, we will continue to highlight our share of The Hub's earnings as well as program production amortization costs. However, now that the launch phase of The Hub is behind us, the rest of our television activities are part of our ongoing operations and will be reported as such. In 2011, we'll begin to benefit from the great work our Hasbro Studios team has done securing international distribution for our programs, which are already on television in Canada. In fact, MY LITTLE PONY Friendship is Magic premiered on Treehouse in Canada in early January 2011 and is already the number one animated show on the network. We will begin to see our programs in other international markets in the third quarter 2011. For 2010, average diluted shares outstanding were 145.7 million compared to 152.8 million last year. Cost of sales for the year was $1.71 billion, or 42.8% of revenues, versus $1.68 billion, or 41.2% of revenues, in 2009. The increase in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue in the year is primarily the result of the $22.1 million in program production amortization I mentioned previously, along with changes in foreign currency and a change in revenue mix which includes the decline in Entertainment & Licensing revenue and growth in our core, non-royalty bearing brands. Historically, as we outlined in November at our Investor Day, the combination of cost of sales and royalty costs equate to 49% to 50% of revenues. In 2010, these two expense items combined declined from $2 billion to $1.96 billion, or 49% of revenues versus 49.3% in 2009. Operating profit increased to 14.7% of net revenues versus 14.5% last year, despite slightly lower revenues.  Several years ago, we shared with you our strategic plan to drive operating profit improvements in our business by building a cadre of global Hasbro brands across all product categories. We select our brands that have the greatest global potential. Brands that can be reimagined, reinvented and reignited and deployed in many markets worldwide. By building larger, more global brands, we're able to capitalize on economies of scale and efficiencies, and continue to grow our operating profit margins even when we have a decline in certain traditionally higher margin categories such as Games. For the full-year 2010: Royalties declined due to lower entertainment-based revenue, including the decline in Transformers and G.I. JOE; Amortization was down as the intangible assets associated with the Wizards of the Coast and Larami acquisitions have been fully amortized; And advertising in product development increased in dollars and as a percentage of revenues as we continued to support and develop our brands globally. Moving below the operating profit line, interest expense increased by $20.5 million to $82.1 million, primarily due to the debt offering we completed in March 2010. Other income net totaled $2 million compared to $2.7 million a year ago.  Our 50% share of The Hub is included in this line on the P&L. This year, our share the earnings in The Hub was a loss of $9.3 million. $8.9 million was recorded in the fourth quarter, reflecting the investment in launching the network in that time period. Our 50% share of earnings in 2009 was $3.9 million.  Higher interest and investment income helped partially offset the full-year impact of the 2010 Hub loss. As we stated earlier, the fourth quarter bore the greatest expense for the network, reflecting the timing of expenses supporting the network's launch on 10/10/10. As Brian indicated, the Hub's marketing investments are producing good results, and we anticipate the network will continue to invest in marketing and promotional activities to increase awareness for The Hub in 2011. For the full-year 2010, our underlying tax rate was 25.4% compared to 29% in 2009. This rate reflects the mix of our business, most notably, the decline in profitability in the U.S. and increase in profits in international markets. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. At year end, cash totaled $727.8 million compared to $636 million a year ago. Over the past 12 months, we generated $368 million in cash from operations. Our cash generation remains healthy, and we continue investing in our business. This includes approximately $52 million in television programming costs to date. Additionally, during the fourth quarter, we paid a $25 million royalty payment to The Hub. We have three remaining $25 million royalty payments due in the fourth quarters of 2011, 2012 and 2013. In December, we entered into a new $500 million credit facility, which extends through December 2014. Additionally, we recently established a commercial paper program to allow us to issue commercial paper as a source of short-term liquidity if needed.  The new bank facility, which will support the commercial paper program, replaces our securitization program which we did not renew and have not used since the second quarter of 2009. Given our BBB, BAA credit rating, the use of a commercial paper program provides a cost effective alternative to other financing options.  As you'll recall in March 2010, we raised $500 million through debt offering. On March 29, we called our outstanding 2.75% convertible debt. Prior to the end of the call period, substantially all the debentures were converted into 11.6 million shares. And for the full year 2010, we repurchased a total of 15.8 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $636.7 million and at an average price of $40.37 per share. At year-end, $150.1 million remained available in the current share repurchase authorization. Last week, our board voted to increase our dividend 20% to $0.30 per share from the previous quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share. As you can see, we remain firmly committed to returning cash to our shareholders.  Over the past five years, our quarterly dividend has more than tripled from $0.09 per share in 2005 to $0.30 per share today. We've also been actively repurchasing shares, buying back 76.6 million shares from 2005 to year end 2010 at a total cost of $2.2 billion. The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good, and receivables at year end were $961.3 million compared to $1 billion last year. As I previously mentioned, we have not utilized our securitization facilities since the second quarter of 2009. DSOs were 68 days, flat with last year. Inventories at $364.2 million at year end compared to $207.9 million a year ago, which was exceptionally low. While higher than a year ago, the quality of our inventory is good. In 2010, Hasbro continued to execute our long-term strategy toward becoming a branded play company. We made important investments and delivered successful initiatives across geographies and categories during the year. For 2011, we have compelling offerings across our global business in addition to strong entertainment. We continue to believe we should be able to grow both revenues and earnings per share in 2011. We look forward to seeing many of you on Friday, February 11, as we host our annual investor meeting at Toy Fair. It's a great opportunity to not only hear from us as we speak further about our business and our vision for our future, but to also see our 2011 line first-hand, including several exciting new offerings we will be unveiling for the first time. Now Brian, David and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Sean McGowan of Needham & Company.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: Deb, on the tax rate, so your commentary on it being affected by the mix, is that to say that if you had a more normal mix of where the profits were sourced you would be back at a kind of a 29% rate? Is that a decent rate to use in a normal scenario?
Deborah Thomas: I think, Sean, we always worked through on a quarterly basis, what we think the rate is going to be for the full year. Based on the success of the International business and the decline of the U.S. business, we did have a fairly steep decline in the fourth quarter in the tax rate, which impacted the full year. We had expected it to be on a normalized basis, which this year, we were anticipating around 29%. And next year, we expect it to return again to a more normalized basis, albeit a little bit lower. And we'll talk more about that on Friday.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: On Games, can you drill down a little bit and give us a sense of where there was strength in Games and where there was weakness, and how much of that do you think will carry forward into the new year?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Sean, it's Brian. In the Games business, if we look at the fourth quarter, particularly after Thanksgiving and just before Christmas, the consumer demand had really fallen off. And we learned some valuable lessons as we sort of pulled apart the business and did some analytics. The first had to do with the change in the way the games were promoted this year, particularly in the U.S. versus prior years. And it's something we're immediately addressing as we go in to 2011. The second thing had to do with the number of messages. As you know, we have this great, big, broad portfolio of games and yet, our message is we're probably too defuse, too numerous and didn't have the impact, the breakthrough impact that fewer campaigns might have, focused around some of the bigger brands. And again, something that we're changing immediately as we go forward.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: In other words, you feel like you need to do the Games what you did to the broader portfolio, focus on them, on the key games?
Brian Goldner: That's right. I mean, if you think about our broadest portfolio of games, we have so many games out there and there are naturally an inclination to want to go out and tell consumers about all of them. The interesting piece is as the number of messages out there around any product have increased, we need to ensure that our games products are breaking through. And we're probably too diffuse there. Certainly, we're too diffuse, and we're going to tear that back and focus in on the most innovative and biggest game-changers, if you will. The third fact that we've really look at is that within our games portfolio, we also have Puzzles. And Puzzles actually were the biggest percentage decliners, both in terms of sales as well as POS. In fact, dragged down the Games business, and it goes back to the way that, that category was promoted and the fact that Games have -- that Puzzles have the least amount of probably, new innovations, or break frame innovations from a consumer standpoint, and are more about the themes that you pick and things along those lines. And then the final piece is we're continuously dissatisfied with our business. And we look at some of the brands where we should have had new innovations. Some of the biggest games that we had out there, where we're celebrating the 50th anniversary of THE GAME OF LIFE and yet we didn't have a major new innovation in THE GAME OF LIFE. So we're particularly hard on ourselves to say we should be doing those things going forward. But if you look at those four factors, that's really what drove the decline in the Games business late in the year.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Company, LLC: For Deb, this amortization level, not the program amortization but below the gross profit, is that a level of amortization we should expect to see going forward now?
Deborah Thomas: Yes, I think we'll have some level of fluctuation. We've get some product rights in there that fluctuate with revenue, particularly in connection with our Lucas line. So as we sell more Star Wars products, that will fluctuate. But most of it is straight line, and we will have those lower levels. And again, I'll give a lot more detail on that Friday.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Caroll of UBS.
Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank: On the inventory breakdown, would you guys just be able to talk about what's on your balance sheet if you are comfortable with the levels? I guess going forward, if some of its stock up going into 2011? Or any more detail?
Brian Goldner: Yes, our plan was to increase inventory levels going into the year versus a year ago, if you look at our business plan. And we're probably slightly north of what we had planned for having to do with the carryover, particularly in Games inventory. But we feel very comfortable with the quality of inventory, and had planned for a bigger 2011 as we came into the year. Clearly, we're chasing several products where we don't have enough inventory, like BEYBLADES and a few others. And again, feel very comfortable with inventory. Dave, you want to comment?
David Hargreaves: No, I mean clearly, when our sales fell away a bit in the fourth quarter, what we hoped to ship ended up in inventory at the end of the year. As Brian said, some of that's Games. We've already put claims in place to bring the people back in our games factory in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts a bit later than we otherwise would have planned to. So I think yes, we are a bit higher in inventory than we would've liked to be. But I think it's something that we can work through very much in the first quarter. And with all our new initiatives, we are really going to start to see our momentum building in the second.
Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank: I guess a housekeeping question, given the strength in the International business, are there any sort of cash usages in terms of repatriating to fuel further share repurchases?
Brian Goldner: Well, we have authorizations still open on our share repurchases of about $150 million.
Deborah Thomas: We, like many other businesses right now, have a significant, and we've always talked about a significant amount of cash that we do have outside the U.S. And with the growth in our International business -- we're at fairly consistent levels this year compared with last year as a percentage outside the U.S. But we do continue to look at ways to potentially repatriate our cash at the most tax, and cost effective, cash cost effective ways possible. That being said, that would obviously, if we did choose to do that going forward, impact our tax rate, our base tax rate.
Robert Carroll - UBS Investment Bank: While it obviously gets increasingly difficult to break out the impact from The Hub, given the changing dynamics, is that -- I guess the prior guidance of accretive for 2011, is that still a good way to think about it?
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think what we should think about is that in 2010, we had $0.30 of dilution. Our plan has The Hub at slightly accretive to neutral, depending on exactly how much marketing support we put in. But the $0.30 of dilution would go away.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Great, thanks. Just a kind of follow-up on the inventories. The inventory level at the retail level, how would you categorize that, and how long do you think it will take to kind of clear through that if it's still kind of Q1?
Brian Goldner: We feel, as we look out in Q2 and beyond, between a lot of our spring initiatives that are already selling quite well, we will work through the inventories we have in Q1, as I mentioned. That's where we mentioned that the comparison to a year ago may be more challenging. As we get into Q2, as we look at the new initiatives that we have that are shipping early in the year, including some of our entertainment initiatives, in NERF already, some hot sellers in there with our new Barricade product as well is BEYBLADES, as well as some new Girls' product in LITTLEST PET SHOP, we feel very good about our overall prospects in Q2 and through the rest of the year.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: And Just kind of thinking about Q1 as well, to get -- to kind of go through the inventory, the retailers probably need to discount. You need to do some more promotion. Do you typically take on that sort of help to the retailers? Would that impact margins? Or would the increase in sales kind of offset the discounting?
David Hargreaves: To the extent that we have excess inventory at retail but we needed to take promotional actions to move through, any costs for that would've been provided in 2010, and will not be a 2011 cost.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: In POS, what was that roughly in kind of 4Q, and how did that compare to the industry based on kind of your estimates?
Brian Goldner: Well, obviously, if you look at Transformers and G.I. JOE, their POS was down. And if you look at our total business without Transformers and G.I. JOE, our total business was up. In fact, the toy business was up a very healthy amount. The Games business was down, particularly as we focused in on the late Q4.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Kelter, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was curious about -- at Transformers and G.I. Joe, you said were $700 million in '09 and that you'd need $300 million to $400 million to offset the decline in '10. So that implies that those properties are down about 50%. And I guess I just wanted, for one, to get confirmation from you, Transformers, are we talking about $300 million in 2010? And is it reasonable to expect that you'd be able to get back to the same level, that $600 million in 2011?
Brian Goldner: So two parts to that. Typically, year after a movie, we do see ranges about 50% decline. In 2008, coming off of the 2007, it was less than that because we had television programming in supporting the brand throughout the year. This year, we chose to delay the television programming, to line it up with the launch of The Hub. And our show goes on the year in a regular pattern starting February 11. So that's Transformers Prime. As we look at the results for Transformers and the movie, I'd ask you look at two numbers. One would be in 2007, we did $484 million, and in 2009, $592 million inclusive of licensed revenues and toys and games, digital gaming, what have you. So we're not going to forecast out, but I think those are two guideposts for you.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And when you think about incremental sales, wherever the sales do come in for Transformers, I mean should we be thinking about a 30% contribution margin, which is something, a number, you've thrown out in the past? Or is there anything that's changed?
Brian Goldner: Transformers is a profitable brand. What's interesting about our product lines is actually, as they're getting more global, be it NERF or our Preschool products, our Girls products, they're rivaling that operating profit that we only used to enjoy in our Games business. And now in fact, many of our toys brands are similarly profitable. So again, Transformers does bear a royalty in a motion picture year for entertainment. But still, a very profitable brand for us.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then the other entertainment properties in the year, I mean is there any reason to think that Thor and a Captain America combined would be bigger than Iron Man? Or should it be below for any reason? How do you think about the impact of the Marvel relationship year-on-year?
Brian Goldner: We feel very, very good about the Marvel relationship. In 2011, with these two new initiatives -- and we've seen a lot of the creative, they're really spectacular. And hopefully, yesterday, you've got to see some of the trailers on the Super Bowl. We feel very good about those. I'm not going to do that kind of math, two equals one, what have you. But I will tell you that the product lineup for Thor and Captain America is very good, and retailers are looking forward to those two movies. Obviously, Thor is in early May, and Captain America is in later July. In between those two of course, is Transformers on the 1st of July. So the lineup going into Q2 and through into the summer is very strong for us.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Your primary toy competitor announced high single-digit price increases, and you guys haven't talked about that at all, I guess the last time you had mentioned mid-single digits. Any reason you wouldn't also increase your prices around the high single digits or is it something you just don't see a need for at this point?
David Hargreaves: Well, in terms of our spring line, we've already priced it in terms of carryover items in the U.S., I think with pricing that would be the first. So if you look across our carryover items and new items on a like to like basis, so this year, it might be that Bumblebee Role Play Mask whereas last year, it's the Iron Man Role Play Mask. So if you look at those like to like items, we're probably coming out at about a 6%, 6% to 7% price increase in the U.S. We might be a bit higher oversees. So I think it's safe to say that our average is probably mid-single digits. Now we clearly have the opportunity if we see costs increasing by more than we've anticipated, when we price and start to ship our spring line, we can always go back and take some additional pricing later in the year if we think that's necessary.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And actually lastly, I do want to ask you about the economics of the distribution agreement for programming. You've got several shows, three or four shows that you've got distribution in quite a few countries. How do we think about the impact? I know you're not breaking out the TV venture separately at this point, so as part of your underlying business, maybe you could help us with how to model for that and how to think about it.
Brian Goldner: Yes. The way it works is as we put a show into a new geography, there would be licensing fees that would be paid for that episodic programming. Then that programming in turn, over some period of time, would begin to generate additional sales of our Toys and Games products and the opportunity to license in consumer products. Outside the U.S., we do not owe royalties to The Hub. So the properties, we would pay a royalty to Hasbro Studios, a nominal royalty to Hasbro Studios. But again, the idea is that the cost of programming is offset by the license fees, plus the incremental merchandise sales that would happen globally.
David Hargreaves: Michael, I think it was November '09 analyst meeting, we laid out a reasonability model for how the economics of this will work. At this stage, I don't think there is any material change in how we feel about the economics of that reasonability model which is still reasonable.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Margaret Whitfield of Sterne Agee.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: In terms of incremental toy sales, Brian, when do you think we might see the benefits both here in the US and overseas from these ventures?
Brian Goldner: Well, we're already seeing some signs. The reason Deb talks about, going forward, how we're going to break up The Hub is, for example, Chuck and FRIENDS is a show on The Hub. Obviously, we talked about how TONKA is a successful line for us in 2010, and Chuck and FRIENDS is a TV series on The Hub, and is being distributed internationally. We saw our great sales from Chuck and Friends. We're beginning to see really good signs on My Little Pony as we've begin to shipped the new product that's associated with a new TV series. So I would say that throughout 2011 as we have a full year of The Hub with new shows on the air, domestically, and shows beginning to air internationally first in Canada and then you'll see in Europe later this year and several other geographies, later this year, third and fourth quarter, you will start to see incremental merchandise sales and licensing programs associated with those shows.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Any changes in the entertainment lineup for '12? And any comment on '13 in terms of what we might expect?
Brian Goldner: Well, in 2012, we have quite a good line up. Obviously, we're very excited about Star Wars and the restaging and reinvention of Star Wars in 2012 in 3D coming sometime early in the year. And then obviously, we have The Avengers movie. We have a Battleship movie. We have a Spiderman movie. In 2013 and beyond, I'm not going to start to date those but certainly, Stretch Armstrong is one of a number of initiatives that we're working on. Micronauts is another brand that we're working on for 2013 and beyond.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And the emerging markets, what size is it now, and where do you think it could get to?
David Hargreaves: Yes, we said in our November call that our emerging market business in the aggregate, including emerging markets in Europe, Asia and Latin America, is sort of in a range of $300 million to $400 million now. That was up from $100 million back in the sort of '05, '06 period. Some of the growth rates that we've had in our emerging market territories, obviously starting from a small base have been quite extraordinary, I think we were up 68% in Russia last year and 58% in Brazil. So it started from a small base. It's become a significant part of our business now, $300 million to $400 million, and it's growing rapidly.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Any new markets that you're targeting?
Brian Goldner: We opened Colombia just this January. We're opening a few additional markets.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a couple. Circling back on the inventories and just to be clear, you said by the end of the first quarter or by the end of the second quarter on the current inventories that you have, you'd kind of get those normalized?
David Hargreaves: I think we said that both our inventories are a bit higher than we would like. And retailers' inventories would be higher than we would like. That means that there will be some clearing of those inventories during the first quarter, that I think between the programs that we've put together -- and as I said, any costs associated the lowest would be taken in 2010, and the fact that we've sort of slowed production down a bit, I talked about not putting the people back in the Games factory as quickly. Between the actions we're taking, we're pretty confident that we would work this issue out during the first quarter. And we'll be very much back on track on a lot of momentum in the second quarter. Now that doesn't mean that our first quarter will be void of shipments. Clearly, we have a lot of new items like BEYBLADE, which we're short of. And at the moment, we can sell everything that we can make and ship. So I think we've got a balance, but we do have some excess inventories to work through in certain categories. But we also have newness coming on tap as well.
Brian Goldner: And in our Games business, by Friday, when you're out to see us, in the Games business for the second half of the year, there's a number of new initiatives. And I mentioned that the combination of some of the digital and analog, you'll see our new live, it's called Live Branded Gaming Platform, which you haven't seen yet. You'll see a number of other new initiatives for the company that we haven't talked about yet. We're very excited about what we have coming in store for second quarter, as well as the back half of this year.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Brian, along that line, how much was new competitor entering the market? How much of a factor was that to the Games problems that you had in the fourth quarter? And I guess these new initiatives to a degree you are already planning there and -- as you talked about in response to another question. You're addressing some of the things but can you -- how much of a factor was that competitor versus just issues in the Games category as a whole?
Brian Goldner: The competitor really wasn't a factor in what happened to us in the Thanksgiving to Christmas period. And in fact, the products that we have in that arena performed very well this past year. Our U-BUILD product line was a successful introduction, sold significant volume. It was really, in some ways, as we look out now or as we look back with 20-20 hindsight, there were some decisions that were made and ways that our games were promoted. The number of campaigns that we tried to accomplish over a tight period of time, the consumers coming in later in the year, the fact that games relies on significant over-the-counter sales at that time of the year, and the fact that a category like Puzzles had a significant impact on our overall sales, probably a disproportional impact on overall sales during that time of year, and then the fact that -- there were a few places where, in hindsight, again, we would probably need some additional innovations. So the good news about this is we've already started to pick up on that. And for 2011 and beyond, you will see a reenergized, reignited, reimagined Games portfolio. And that's not just in Flash, or BOP IT, that's across a number of initiatives.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then David, what other category besides Games do you feel you're a little bit heavy on? And then I guess, two other things related to inventories here also. The China supply chain, was that lengthening a little bit? When do you think that will anniversary? Because I think that's probably part of the year-over-year inventory build? And then finally, in relation to those questions, what were your growth sales, just to come up with your growth and net adjustment in the fourth quarter of this year versus last year?
David Leibowitz - Burnham Financial Group: So if you go to the first question, again we've said that our inventory issue is -- don't get it out of proportion. We said we've got a bit of an issue. We haven't got a huge issue by any means. And I think it is primarily restricted to the Games area. As I said, we've got a lot of items that we will be shipping in the first quarter. Obviously, BEYBLADE, we said it's really hot. Clearly, NERF is very strong at the moment, we've got lots of other new initiatives. So I think we've got a bit higher than we'd like both at retail and in our own inventory, but it's not something that is too much of a problem or we won't be able to work through in the first quarter and still have a reasonable first quarter. I think with regard to gross to net, we never give that detail out. There's a lot of different things that go into that. It would overcomplicate things a bit, I think.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then the China supply chain lengthening a little bit? Just a more level loading of factories in general?
David Hargreaves: No. We did say last year, certainly at our third quarter or November analyst meeting, we talked about the fact that in order to offset some of the cost increases coming in commodities and Chinese labor, we need to work smarter in order to offset those costs. And one of the things we are trying to do is more level load our Orient vendors. So that is sort of ongoing way to try and keep our costs down and ensure labor supply.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric Handler - MKM Partners LLC: Two quick things. First of all, can you talk about the strength of the state of the international syndication market for kids' programming? I know you haven't been there in the past but just relative to historical trends, in terms of pricing, is it stronger or weaker than what's been there in prior years? Is demand stronger or weaker than in prior years? And then secondly, in terms of Transformers, can you maybe talk about the number of licensees, or marketing support that you're going to get for this movie versus what we saw for the second film?
Brian Goldner: Yes, Eric, it's Brian. The syndication market are certainly -- our sense of the market thus far is there's been a lot of excitement around Hasbro's properties and Hasbro's entrance into this business. We've put a lot in high-quality programming with great creative stewards like Bob Orci and Alex Kurtzman in Transformers with Jeff Kline. In My Little Pony, wonderful creative steward in Lauren Faust. So the quality of animation, the quality of programming, the quality of formats was we look at the Fox LOOK deal for our unscripted and game shows, lots of excitement, and that's why you're seeing a lot of deals close. In terms of pricing, I can't speak particularly the history, but it's consistent with our plan of what we expected to get out of many of these different markets. And as we look at Transformers, we have hundreds of licensees as we did in the past motion picture. So similar numbers of licensees, lots of support from our retailers globally. Lots of new ways to bring retail payment to life. We have a great relationship with our partners at Paramount. And together, around the world, we're really making this the kind of launch that you would expect from Transformers. And Transformers, of course, helps us significantly in many of our emerging markets. It's one of our headliner brands particularly as we look at China, and retailers in China going and making significant feature shops across a number of different categories, in fact in some ways, some of the most contemporary interpretations of retail payment being done out of Asia and Latin America.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Drew Crum of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A couple more questions on Transformers 3. When will you start shipping product? And could you talk about the economics on the gross participations you get from the film?
Brian Goldner: Drew, if you think about shipments, it really begins in earnest in early May for Transformers. We'll ship some other entertainment initiatives a bit earlier as Thor is early May. And so we have different dates and windows as we build those displays. In participation, as you may recall, we talked about how Transformers has many benefits -- its deal has many benefits to us. Certainly, the fact that we are not paying for the motion picture, certainly the fact that we own all the merchandising rights. But our gross participation is not the same and not at the same level as some of our more recent deals on some of the other motion pictures since Transformers. And so I think what we've said thus far is that our participation, while a nice participation, is not material. So we don't really talk about how much it is. It's a contribution, but not a material contribution to our P&L.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Shifting gears, 14.7% EBIT margin for the year was the highest in 25 years. And as you guys noted, you're approaching that intermediate term objectives. Do you have any update on that, or any thoughts around exceeding that over the near-term? And I have one follow-up.
Brian Goldner: Sure. We feel very good about our medium term objectives we outlined for you, which had to do with the CAGR of revenue growth of 5% or better over time, the achievement of 15% operating profit margins over time, and the ability to generate significant cash flows on average of $500 million per year or per annum. We continue to reiterate that guidance. We've also guided you broadly to our belief that we'll grow both revenues and EPS this year. We learned some valuable lessons from December of last year, which we are using to address into our business right now. Our business, like many businesses, is a business that is constantly challenging to reinvent and reimagine. And we chose a certain path at Christmastime, in partnership with our retailers, and we are addressing and adjusting accordingly so that those results will not be repeated. We don't see -- what happened in December as emblematic of the strength of our business.
Andrew Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Brian, you said NERF was the biggest brand for Hasbro in 2010. How much of that was international? And for Deb, what was CapEx during the period in the year?
Brian Goldner: I don't think we'd break out international to domestic by brand or on a brand-by-brand basis. But what I will tell you is the significant growth was international but we also grew domestically. But it's probably 2:1 international growth to domestic growth for the year. But this brand continues to perform very well. This spring, we're launching a new initiative in the BARRICADE, which is performing quite well. And this fall, while we haven't talked about it, we have a number of new initiatives, already reinventing ourselves for the future in the NERF business with retailers very excited about what we are bringing forth in NERF for the third and fourth quarter this year.
Deborah Thomas: And Drew, our CapEx for 2010 was $112.6 million. And I will tell you that we'll give you a little bit more detail on this, this Friday. We know that that's the number that you all are interested. However, given our recent success and need for growth, we are kind of running out of space in some of our facilities. So we do expect that to be higher next year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Taylor of Arcadia investment Corp.
John Taylor - Arcadia: Deb, could you give us a quick summary of the repurchases in Q4 and for the full year again?
Deborah Thomas: Certainly. For the fourth quarter -- well, for the full year, we repurchased 15.8 million shares. And that was at an average price of $40.37 for the full year, and that was $636 million.
John Taylor - Arcadia: And I forget what it was year-to-date, was there much activity in Q4?
Deborah Thomas: Our activity was a bit lower in Q4 as our share prices were trending up. But we did repurchase 166.6 [ph] million shares.
John Taylor - Arcadia: I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about the margin erosion in Q4 and see if you could maybe scale for us or rank the things like the mix change, the royalty, the change in royalties received in Q4, the impact of The Hub, markdowns, discounting? Is there any way you can kind of prioritize those for us?
Brian Goldner: Well, The Hub in the fourth quarter was $0.14 in dilution.
Deborah Thomas: Right, and there was $22 million of that -- of the impact was in the fourth quarter. So our $22 million in the full year. So that is really the biggest piece that you want to breakout. Beyond that, we did -- as we talked about earlier in the year, while it did trail off as we moved into the fourth quarter, we did have some favorable hedging that gave us some favorable material price variances in 2009 that we didn't repeat in 2010. And we also had, I would say probably, about 10% of the change. And if you look at the overall revenue mix in our segments, you can see that it's really due to the licensing revenue declining. So that's a very high margin business. So that has a bit of an impact as well.
John Taylor - Arcadia: And then Brian, you called out NERF as a key driver of international growth. Were there any other ones that were particular stars?
Brian Goldner: Yes. If you look at FURREAL FRIENDS, FURREAL FRIENDS was a significant international growth business for us. PLAY-DOH and PLAYSKOOL grew significantly internationally. In fact, if you look at the International business, all the key segments were up for the year. So while we talked about domestically, Games being down, Games was up, Girls was up, Preschool was up and Boys was up. Obviously, we had -- at the end of 2010, BEYBLADES appearing in 22 countries. And we will be in over 40 countries this year as we are placing the shows in partnership with Nelvana. We all know that television drives toy sales, and so very excited about that. As we go into this year, into 2011, we're already seeing great results from product that we are shipping in the spring called the BARRICADE, which is appropriately priced for a spring price point. But it is a battery-operated, automatic firing blaster, which is performing quite well. We have a number of new initiatives in Girls as we are shipping the MY LITTLE PONY line, which has always had a high proportion of its sales internationally. In LITTLEST PET SHOP, the BLYTHE initiative that just launched in the fourth quarter of 2010 is really beginning to take and get some traction. And we will really see a lot of new initiatives for our LITTLEST PET SHOP in the second half of this year. So overall, if you look by category, International had a very good year. As David mentioned, the emerging markets leading the growth. But even in mature markets, very strong growth across the entire portfolio. And it's another one of those proof points we have when we look at the vitality of our Games business and things that we did to ourselves in the U.S. as we went into market versus what we saw internationally.
John Taylor - Arcadia: And then let's see, you mentioned briefly the Transformers MMO. Can you talk about how you're doing that? Who your partners are, or whatever?
Brian Goldner: Sure. We're partnering with a company called Net Dragon in China, and we're in the midst of developing the MMOG which will launch later this year. It is based on a combination of what we call, the first generation, G1 Transformers, but also heavily informed by the Transformers Prime series. So it's got a great look to it. The team has really been working on the whole experience around it. Obviously, a lot of excitement. Transformers is one of our most popular brands in China. A lot of ubiquity in Transformers because the animation in the '80s ran in China on Chinese television. So we're feeling very good about our business. And certainly, the movie helps to kick all that off. We'll be in China later this year. Again, we were there in January, but we'll be there later this year again to introduce the Transformers movie to China again, as the third movie comes into China.
John Taylor - Arcadia: And have you given any thought to the Transformers MMO over here in Western markets and so on, and what the scheduling on that might be?
Brian Goldner: Yes, we're in some conversations about that. Obviously, similar excitement about what that could be. And there's some great potential partners out there for us. So we would anticipate doing something in Western markets in the near-term.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gerrick Johnson of BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: First question on BEYBLADES. That got off to a nice start. Do you think that can track in 2011 the same way it did in 2003?
Brian Goldner: Well, you know the numbers as well as we do. I will tell you right now, we are, as David mentioned, short on inventory. We would hope to catch up. We're certainly trying to catch up with demand. As the show is going onto more networks around the world, it does really resonate with kids. It's a great play pattern. And we all know what it did historically. I'm not going to make any commitments as to revenue levels as compared to that. But suffice it to say, it's hot as a lick.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: On The Hub network, the ad rates that you're getting on Hub, are they consistent with what you expected them to be?
Brian Goldner: Yes, the ad rates are good, and the ad rates are good and competitive. And also, the number of advertisers are up significantly in 2011 versus even at our launch in 2010. We have about 80 advertisers on The Hub, most of whom did not advertise on Discovery Kids. We had about 50 at launch. And I think the team -- as we said from the very beginning, because we're a major advertiser in the kids space, we understand what other advertisers are looking for. And our team has been very flexible to be open for business, go-to spot. We recognize we have ratings that are building over time, but still a great forum and a great audience given the co-viewership and the kinds of shows that we're putting out, the quality of the shows, and the kinds of shows like Family Game Night and Transformers Prime that are different than some of our competitors.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And lastly, I was hoping for a little bit of specificity around some of the earlier topics in the Q&A, particularly in Games. How do you feel your market share was in the fourth quarter? Did you gain, lose or stay even?
Brian Goldner: Our market share in several categories grew through the year. In Games, it was probably off a bit in the fourth quarter but not a significant amount. But it was off a bit.
David Hargreaves: If you look at NPD for the fourth quarter, the games as a category was down, sort of a significant percentage similar to the percentage that we're down. So clearly, it wasn't a Hasbro-only experience in the fourth quarter for games, except for NPD.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then POS, I know you excluded G.I. JOE and Transformers, but can you tell us what the POS would've been inclusive of those just so we can kind of compare that to your shipment?
Brian Goldner: Yes. If you look at the POS overall, it was flattish, including Transformers and G.I. JOE, and then up significantly in toys ex them. Obviously, the fourth quarter a year ago for G.I. JOE and Transformers, particularly in the U.S., was very strong and International markets to a lesser extent.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And the channel inventory, how did that stand on a year-over-year percent change basis?
David Hargreaves: So as I said, it's up a little bit. We are probably about at our top four accounts in the U.S., which is where we get the best data. We're probably up about 6%. Around the world, if you look at customers, it's probably some markets a little bit higher than others. But on average, I would say, it's not too different around the world.
Operator: And our final question is coming from Jim Chartier of Monness, Crespi and Hardt.
James Chartier - Moness, Crespi, Hardt: I was hoping you'd give us a little more color on inventory. If you just tell us how much of the increase was due to anniversary-ing a 30% decline last year, getting back to normal inventories, changes in the supply chain and then the lower than expected sales in the fourth quarter?
Brian Goldner: Yes. Jim, if you look at our plan, we plan to have inventories up. If you look at our budget or plan, our plan was to have inventories up. If you remember a year ago, that was historically low levels of inventory. And as David noted, we're up a bit more than that and on average, about 5%, 6% in U.S. retail on the top four accounts. It's good inventory. We had already taken into account the products that we needed to discount or promote. It's a greater proportion of Games than any of our toy business. And again, the teams have plans to work through that inventory. We don't see that as a material drag on our full-year. We've already said we believe we can grow revenues and EPS for the full-year. But through the first quarter, we will work through those inventories and promote those products. I'm not sure if I get everything you asked?
James Chartier - Moness, Crespi, Hardt: And then finally on Star Wars, can you give us any color on what happened with toy sales when the original three Star Wars movies were re-released in the late '90s?
Brian Goldner: I have the specifics in the back of my mind. Obviously, they accelerated fairly dramatically. We are certainly very excited about Star Wars, not just for 2012 and beyond. But even in 2011, we have a number of new initiatives in Star Wars, particularly an amazing new lightsaber, which is the granddaddy of all role play. And for second half of this year as well, the continuation of the animation. But in 2012, a 3D movie will return in earnest. And I think the current plan may be to go beyond just that movie. But again, you'll have to ask Lucas about that.
Operator: Thank you. I'd like to hand the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you. We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, the management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website immediately following this call. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-18 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock – VP, IR Brian Goldner – President and CEO Deb Thomas – CFO David Hargreaves – COO
Analysts: Robert Carroll – UBS Margaret Whitfield – Sterne, Agee Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Michael Kelter – Goldman Sachs Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus Sean McGowan – Needham & Co. Tim Conder – Wells Fargo Jeff Blaeser - Morgan Joseph Edward Woo - Wedbush John Taylor – Arcadia Investment
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, vice president of investor relations. Please go ahead.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, president and chief executive officer; David Hargreaves, chief operating officer; and Deb Thomas, chief financial officer. Our third quarter earnings release was issued earlier this morning and is available on our website. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call. Additionally, whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. This morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plan, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, costs, financial goals, and expectations for our future financial performance in achieving our objectives. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today's press release, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now, I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you Debbie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Our business grew in the third quarter, reflecting the continued execution of our long-term strategy and our steadfast focus on innovation and immersive consumer experiences, backed by a strong performance from the Hasbro team globally. Our growth was broad-based, both geographically and across numerous world-class brands. While Transformers and G.I. Joe shipments presented a difficult challenge in 2010, we are overcoming this comparison through a number of global brand initiatives across categories. This success is also translating to our bottom line. Operating profit reached record third quarter levels as we continued to unlock the profitability in our business and better leverage our investments globally. Taking a closer look at our third quarter performance, we experienced growth in the pre-school, boys, and games and puzzles categories, while the girls category declined slightly in the quarter. Several of our mega-brands contributed to growth this quarter, including Nerf, which continues to post strong revenue gains globally. The new Nerf Stampede launched globally on 9/9, and was the single most successful product launch in the history of the Nerf brand. The Stamped is on a number of the hot toy lists for this holiday season. Magic The Gathering again this quarter was a standout performer. The team has done a great job reigniting this brand over the past few years. Playskool also continues to post strong year-over-year performances, with successful new initiatives including Alphie, Weebles, and juvenile products, as well as growth in Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head. As anticipated, Transformers and G.I. Joe will continue to present difficult comparisons in 2010, although the revenue decline in the third quarter was not as great in absolute dollars as it was in the second quarter. I spoke earlier to the broad-based brand strength and innovation driving our results. Beyond our mega-brands, we have a number of brands contributing to growth this quarter, including Baby Alive, Furreal Friends, Play Doh, Tonka, Iron Man, and Beyblade. Our board game business grew in the quarter, with increases in a number of brands, including Operation, Scrabble, U-Build, Bop It, and games based on Toy Story 3. Must-have toy and award lists for this holiday reflect the broad portfolio of Hasbro brands we are showcasing this season, including the Nerf Stampede, Tonka Chuck and Friends Chuck's Stunt Park, Weebles Musical Treehouse, Play Doh Shape and Spin Elmo, Alphie, and others, as well as games like Scrabble Flash, Monopoly Revolution, U-Build, Sorry Spin, Twister Hoopla, and CUPONK, a new skill and action game in our line this year. Through our ongoing efforts to deliver innovation at a great value, brands like Furreal Friends have brought technology into affordable price points for the consumer, with products such as GoGo My Walkin' Pup. For consumers looking for premium products and gifts this holiday, select higher price point items return to our line, including Furreal Friends Biscuit and Butterscotch Pony, Star Wars Millennium Falcon, Transformers Movie Ultimate Bumblebee, and the Scrabble Premier Wood Edition. Our marketing campaigns begin in earnest in the fourth quarter, and we are well-positioned to meet demand with a good supply of high-quality, safe toys this holiday season, although some of the hotter items may run in short supply due to high consumer demand. We spoke with you last quarter about our efforts to ensure product availability this holiday season, given the potential disruptions in the supply chain related to container availability. We believe the steps we took to secure appropriate shipping capacity will maintain a smooth flow of goods and avoid any impact to our supply chain this holiday season. We have worked closely with our retailers to ensure they have the products on the shelves consumers want for the holidays. We started the fourth quarter with the highly anticipated launch, on 10/10/10, of The Hub, our new children's and family television network with Discovery Communications. We are very excited about the initial results, the look and feel of The Hub, and the strong programming lineup, which continues to roll out through the quarter. Hasbro Studios has created a number of fantastic programs airing currently on The Hub, including Family Game Night, Pictureka!, My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic, Pound Puppies, and The Adventures of Chuck and Friends. In addition, Margaret Loesch and the Hub team have put together a tremendous lineup of programs, from the industry's best creative stewards, including R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour The Series, Dan Vs., Twisted Whiskers, In the Night Garden, The WotWots, and classic shows such as Happy Days, Doogie Howser, The Wonder Years, and Family Ties. The network will also be the exclusive home for a limited series of original musical specials featuring singing sensation Taylor Swift produced for the network by Hasbro Studios. The Hub's launch marketing campaign is themed "Where Great Things Come Together," reinforcing The Hub as a destination for kids and their families, as well as showcasing an array of great brands. The launch campaign will continue throughout the fourth quarter, with substantial support for exciting programming and marketing events. Hasbro continues to support The Hub's launch with marketing initiatives including product stickers on at least 34 million retail packages promoting the network and the placement of TV schedules in shipments of all orders placed on hasbrotoyshop.com during the holidays. If you haven't already tuned in, we encourage you to do so. You can find the schedule and channel locator at hubworld.com. The site also hosts program descriptions, videos, and games to play. We know building a successful kids' network is a long-term endeavor, but we are proud of what the Hasbro Studios team and The Hub team have accomplished in such a short period of time. Additionally, from a film perspective, Transformers 3, which is scheduled for July 1, 2011, and Battleship, scheduled for May 18, 2012, are currently filming and we continue to develop a number of additional brands with Universal, Paramount, and Sony. We also remain excited about the movie slate from key partners. In 2011, Marvel will deliver Thor and Captain America: The First Avenger to theaters globally. In addition, Lucasfilm and Fox recently announced the Star Wars saga will be converted to 3D, with Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace expected to be released theatrically in 2012. For the full year 2010 we continue to believe we should be able to grow revenues and earnings per share, including the dilution from our television investments and barring a further decline in consumer spending, global economic conditions, or foreign exchange. As we look ahead to 2011 and beyond, our global teams are actively executing our long-term strategy by reimagining, reinventing, and reigniting our brands to develop innovative toys, games, and immersive experiences consumers can enjoy anytime and anywhere. We look forward to updating you further at our investor day here in Rhode Island on November 9. I'll now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you Brian, and good morning. Our third quarter performance highlights the strength of our brands and quality of execution from our global teams. To date we've been able to offset the difficult revenue comparisons from Transformers and G.I. Joe in 2009 while improving profitability, investing in our business, and returning cash to our shareholders. For the third quarter, worldwide net revenues grew 3% to $1.31 billion, compared to $1.28 billion last year. Excluding the negative $16.2 million impact of foreign exchange, net revenues grew 4% in the quarter. Operating profit in the quarter grew 3% to $237.8 million, or 18.1% of revenue, versus $230.7 million, or 18% of revenue in 2009. Looking at our third quarter segment results, the U.S. and Canada segment net revenues increased 4% to $825.5 million compared to $791.9 million last year. The results reflect growth in the pre-school, boys, and games and puzzles categories while revenue in the girls category declined. U.S. and Canada operating profit for the quarter increased 23%, to $158.8 million, or 19.2% of revenue, compared to $129.1 million, or 16.3% of revenues last year. Operating margin increased primarily due to lower royalty and amortization expense. Net revenues in the international segment increased 3% to $458.9 million, compared to $444.1 million a year ago. Revenues in the international segment grew 7%, excluding the negative $17.8 million impact from foreign exchange. The results reflect growth in the pre-school and games and puzzles categories, as well as in the girls category, which more than offset a decline in the boys category. Growth in the emerging markets also contributed to the segment's revenue gains. Operating profit in the international segment increased 10% to $70.8 million, or 15.4% of revenues, compared $64.1 million last year, or 14.4% of revenues. The year-over-year increase was primarily the result of lower royalties due to the mix of products sold. The entertainment and licensing segment net revenues decreased to $27.5 million, compared to $41.6 million a year ago. This is primarily due to a decrease in movie-related revenues for Transformers and G.I. Joe. The entertainment and licensing segment operating profit decreased to $5.9 million, compared to $19.8 million last year, reflecting lower revenues and additional expenses associated with our television initiatives, including $5 million of programming amortization costs. Now let's look at earnings. For the quarter, we reported net earnings of $155.2 million, or $1.09 per diluted share, compared to $150.4 million, or $0.99 per diluted share a year ago. The third quarter of 2010 includes a negative $0.07 per share impact from our television-related activities versus a negative $0.03 per share impact in the third quarter 2009. Cost of sales in the quarter was $596.6 million, or 45.4% of revenues, versus $550 million, or 43% of revenues, in 2009. This includes the $5 million in programming amortization I mentioned previously. In addition, the increase in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue in the quarter was the result of a change in revenue mix, which includes the decline in entertainment and licensing revenue as well as changes in foreign currency, as opposed to an increase in commodity prices. Operating profit increased 3% and represented 18.1% of net revenues versus 18% last year. Consistent with the second quarter 2010, royalties declined due to lower entertainment-based revenue, including the decline in Transformers and G.I. Joe. Amortization is down as the intangible assets associated with Wizards of the Coast and Laramie acquisitions have been fully amortized. Hasbro's profitability enables us to continue investing in our business, including investments in product development to drive innovation in future years, television programming and the overall support of our television initiatives, and continued expansion and marketing of our business in emerging markets. Below the operating profit line, interest expense increased by $4 million to $21.7 million, primarily due to the debt offering we completed in March 2010, and other income net totaled $3 million, compared to $4.8 million a year ago. Our 50% share of the joint venture results is included in this line in the P&L. This quarter, our share of the earnings in the joint venture was a loss of $874,000, as The Hub began spending to support its launch earlier this month. The bulk of the spending is slated for the fourth quarter of 2010. In the third quarter of 2009, our share of the earnings in The Hub was a positive $1.5 million. In the third quarter of 2010, our underlying tax rate was 28.8%, compared to 29.7% last year. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $497.9 million compared to $297.4 million a year ago. Over the past 12 months, we have generated over $480 million in cash from operations. Our cash generation is healthy, and we continue investing in our business. This includes approximately $31 million in television programming costs to date. Our next $25 million royalty payment to The Hub is due later this quarter. In March 2010 we raised $500 million through a debt offering, and on March 29 we called our outstanding 2.75% convertible debt. Prior to the end of the call period, substantially all the debenchers were converted into 11.6 million shares. In the third quarter, we repurchased 6.1 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $260.1 million, and at an average price of $42.39 per share. In the first three quarters of 2010, we repurchased 15.6 million of common stock, at a total cost of $629.2 million, and at an average price of $40.32 per share. At the end of the third quarter, $157.5 million remains in our current share repurchase authorization. The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good, and receivables at quarter-end were $1.2 billion, compared to $1.1 billion last year. We did not utilize our securitization facility in the third quarter 2010, or 2009. DSOs increased 4 days to 83 days due to the timing of sales and collections, as well as lower royalty revenue in the quarter, compared with a year ago. Inventory is at $468 million in the quarter, compared to $399.9 million a year ago. We managed through potential shipping disruptions in the quarter, and we brought product into our warehouses early. As a result, we're well-positioned, with good, quality inventory, to meet demand this holiday season. We're pleased with the growth in our business to date and our ability to not only increase revenues, but earnings as well. In a year with difficult comparisons, and challenging economic conditions, we're in a strong position fiscally and have entered the important holiday season with a good supply of innovative toys, games, and immersive experiences for our consumers. For the full year 2010, we continue to believe we should be able to grow revenues and earnings per share, including the dilution from our television investments and barring a further decline in consumer spending, global economic conditions, or foreign exchange. As Brian said, we look forward to sharing more of our future plans with you during our investor day on November 9. Brian, David, and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator instructions.] Our first question is from the line of Robert Carroll with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Carroll – UBS: A quick question on the year-over-year changes in terms of G.I. Joe and Transformers. Is there any input in terms of why that may have been different this quarter versus last quarter, why the declines were not as severe? Is it just changes in trends in the marketplace or is there something you guys can point to?
Brian Goldner : Well, you first have your year on year around the movie timing, and obviously a big shipment quarter in the second quarter as opposed to more of the third quarter. And as in the third and fourth quarter we're beginning to sell the new initiatives toward the holidays, especially for Transformers.
Robert Carroll: Just one other quick one on the expense side. Advertising revenue is about flat year-over-year. Looking at that holistically with royalties, we were expecting it to be up a little bit higher. Is that still the right way to look at it in terms of advertising royalties on a combined basis?
Brian Goldner : Yeah. The royalties are down obviously, and our advertising we're still using to drive our products. Over time you might imagine as the TV initiative gets up and running that you might have a bit of a change between the two, but we're certainly continuing to advertise and we're now getting into the fourth quarter as our advertising will go up, as will our investment in our television initiative.
Robert Carroll: And then one just other last one. In terms of some of the commentary we heard from competitors recently, have you guys seen anything similar in terms of North American shipments, I mean retailers positioning themselves more for a tighter selling season around the holidays?
Brian Goldner : Overall we feel very good about our position with retail. Each retailer has some very strong plans for the holidays. We've talked about, certainly people have acknowledged, more linear feet in the toys department. We're seeing a lot of momentum around a lot of our innovative products across a number of brands. I would say the only place where we were back a couple of weeks would be like a Family Game Night promotion initiative that starts two weeks later this year versus a year ago. But other than that, no, not really.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Margaret Whitfield with Sterne, Agee. Please proceed with your question.
Margaret Whitfield – Sterne, Agee: Following up on that, we heard from another competitor about lean inventories at retail. I wonder if you could give us the status of your inventories here in the U.S. as well as abroad.
David Hargreaves: I think basically we're very happy with the level of inventories at the retail at the moment. We're looking for strong sell-through in the fourth quarter and we think the levels of inventory support that. With regard to old inventories, we are up a little bit versus a year ago. That primarily reflects the plans that we've put in place to deal with potential supply chain issues, be that labor shortages or containers. So I think we're very happy with our level of inventory, even though it's up a bit. I think overseas, very similar to the U.S. We're happy with the level of inventories that the retailers have and we think they'll support a strong sell-through in the fourth quarter.
Margaret Whitfield: And Brian, I wonder if you could elaborate more on your comments, which were positive, on the initial read on The Hub. Any comments on what programs, segments are particularly faring well?
Brian Goldner : Overall, I would say a couple of conclusions. Clearly, parents and kids are visiting The Hub and are spending time with the channel and also hubworld.com. Secondly, we're really seeing brands perform, whether it be Hasbro's brands like Family Game Night, or My Little Pony, Pound Puppies, or Pictureka!, but also other great brand stewards, brands like Strawberry Shortcake and Batman Beyond. So a great environment, where great brands and great things come together. Thus far we are very pleased with the results and we're looking forward to some of the major initiatives we have coming up, namely this weekend an amazing Taylor Swift special that starts on October 22 and runs for three nights, new episodes of Family Game Night, as well as Transformers launching later in the fourth quarter.
Margaret Whitfield: And any update on Hasbro Studios and its efforts to sell the programming overseas?
Brian Goldner : The efforts are continuing and we'll probably announce something relatively shortly, but again, the efforts are going on, a lot of excitement around the world for branded content, especially Hasbro branded content. And they're making good progress.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Brian, you said in your prepared remarks something about bringing back higher-priced items like Butterscotch. I was just wondering how that related to what we're hearing about the price-sensitive consumer right now.
Brian Goldner : What we've done is we've brought back a handful of higher-priced items as an ultimate gift promotion with a retailer or two, and there is a demand among certain consumers for that ultimate under-the-tree gift. We felt that was missing from our line a year ago, and that we would bring that back out and re-promote it in partnership with our retailers.
Felicia Hendrix: And then when we think about your movies going forward, movies like Battleship, are you participating in ticket and DVD sales?
Brian Goldner : We do. We do participate in gross sales of the entertainment.
Felicia Hendrix: And then just getting back to the inventories, David you just said that you're comfortable with where the inventories are and you've built some to just deal with shortages and containers and stuff. So when we think about, and we look at inventories in the next quarter and going forward, can you just help us think about how you're building in that cushion, just so we can have an idea of when an inventory level is too high versus a cushion?
David Hargreaves: I think we're probably through most of the container issues at the moment. They've abated and some of the surcharges that were on at peak have now been taken off, so I think we're through that. I think one of the things you're going to find going forward is that the old days with most of our suppliers' labor in Southern China being migrants who just came down during a peak period from June to November, that's kind of gone away. The workforce is people who live in the area and come to work from home on their bicycle, not migrants who come down and stay in dormitories. So I think in order to attract and retain this labor force throughout the year we are going to have to build a little bit more earlier than historically so I wouldn't be surprised to see inventories in the second and third quarter end a little bit higher than we've experienced in recent years. But not materially higher. I think there's been bit of a shift in the dynamic of China, China manufacturing.
Felicia Hendrix: So it seems like there's a real balance you guys are going to have to overcome in terms of appeasing the factories versus the demand from retail, because it seems the spread could be getting wider.
Brian Goldner : Well you know very early on Felicia, we can identify the key drivers in our line and certainly have done a lot with our teams to ensure we understand the sales templates early on, what the rates of sales could look like. And so again, we're placing our bets in good quality inventory, in our major initiatives, and those initiatives that have already demonstrated a good propensity for high sales.
Felicia Hendrix: And then Deb, on the gross margin, you said that some of the things that were driving the gross margin, which was lower than we had expected in the quarter, was mix and FX. I was wondering if you could just give us the FX impact to gross margin?
Deb Thomas : The FX impact we won't specify what the exact number was. It was more significant when you look at the margin mix year on year, because in the prior year, if you recall, with the changing foreign exchange rates, we had some very very favorable hedging that had flowed through our inventory. So that was really driving the rate down a bit more in 2009. So that's really the FX impact we're talking about, between '09 and '10. And with respect to the cost, it wasn't so much a cost increase for us, it was more this FX impact as well as the mix in revenues. So with the decline in entertainment and licensing revenue, which has very low cost of sales associated with it, along with the impact of the programming cost amortization that hit in the quarter, and this FX impact, it just made for a wider spread quarter-on-quarter than we normally see.
Felicia Hendrix: Then should we assume that happens again in the fourth quarter?
Deb Thomas : We did have some favorable hedges flowing through our P&L going into the fourth quarter as well - the fourth quarter of last year.
Felicia Hendrix: And then just one final question on The Hub. Just wondering if you can comment on your ratings so far versus expectations, particularly on Family Game Night?
Brian Goldner : We feel very good about the ratings. David Zaslav and I spent a good amount of time talking about this over the last couple of days. The teams have done a tremendous job, if you've seen The Hub, which I hope you have. The marketing campaign has been very impactful, lots of favorable comments back from folks, and the ratings are indicative of people coming out and sampling, both parents and kids.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Kelter of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Kelter – Goldman Sachs: On the entertainment-driven properties looking forward, obviously you have Transformers 3 next year. You mentioned Battleship, I assume mainly because it was filming, but you didn't mention Stretch Armstrong. Any reason to believe Stretch Armstrong is being pushed back? And then how would you compare the two in terms of what you think could be most material for you in 2012 - Battleship or Stretch Armstrong?
Brian Goldner : If you look at our total lineup in 2012 it's now shaping up to be another stellar entertainment year, motion picture-led year because of the recent announcement from Lucas on the re-release in 3D of the first episode one of Star Wars, which is new news over the last few weeks. And then you have two motion pictures from our partners at Marvel in the Avengers and then of course you have Spiderman from Sony and from Marvel coming, and then of course our Battleship. So there is an opportunity we see potentially to move Stretch out of '12 and into '13. Obviously between all of our motion picture initiatives and the TV initiatives there may be an opportunity to begin to populate the 2013 timeframe. And if you look at the difference, really for us Battleship is a wonderful opportunity. It's a brand that's obviously it's up in the quarter, and what we're seeing is a great array of online games and other digital games around Battleship. If you go to hubworld.com for example there's a great Battleship interactive game that's there that you can play that was developed by our partners at Electronic Arts. And so Battleship will be a completely immersive game [unintelligible] experience across a number of different platforms in time for the movie. Stretch Armstrong may be a little more traditional action figure business, and boys action business, albeit kind of comedic and fun, and slightly younger-skewing
Michael Kelter: And then anything else on the horizon in terms of wholly-owned content in the way that Battleship and Stretch Armstrong are yours? Anything else you think is more in the near- to medium-term that we should have our eye on?
Brian Goldner : Well, we're obviously working on a sequel to G.I. Joe, which was very successful as a motion picture and certainly drove toy sales in the year. We are working on Ouija, Monopoly, Clue, a number of different brands in the motion picture arena, which are all wholly-owned, Risk, all wholly-owned by Hasbro, and working with some great partners in Universal and Paramount and Sony. The other one I'd mention is we're beginning to redevelop and will launch Micronauts as a motion picture in the next couple of years as well. I don't want to give you specific dates on all that, but suffice it to say that's all in the offing over the next three to five years.
Michael Kelter: And then international? Seven percent organic growth, you mentioned that emerging markets contributed. Can you possibly talk about what percentage of international is from emerging markets and what the growth rate is there versus, let's say, the established Western European markets?
David Hargreaves: So, emerging markets - by that I mean emerging Asia, emerging Latin America, and emerging Europe - today still remains a relatively small part of our overall international business, but it is growing very rapidly. So in some of those markets we're seeing 33%, 50% growth rates, but from a fairly small base. But what it does mean, that over the next few years we could be adding hundreds of millions of dollars to our revenues in markets like Brazil, China, Russia, etc.
Michael Kelter: And then on share repurchases, and leveraging the balance sheet, it looks like you'll have offset the impact of the convertible dilution, which was your goal, fairly shortly if not already, depending on how you look at it. And you'll have a lot of cash to deploy going into next year. Any reason to believe that that won't continue to go toward share repurchases? Are you looking at any other use of cash beyond the normal running of the business?
Deb Thomas : We've consistently said, Michael, that we do believe in investing in ourselves first. As David talked about some of the markets that we're entering in and expecting a lot of this revenue growth, we'll continue to put people there as needed in our efforts there as needed first, and then we do still remain skeptical of acquisitions, although if something's compelling we will certainly consider it if it fits in well with our brand portfolio. But beyond that, our expectation is we would continue to return our cash to our shareholders through dividend or share repurchase. And at the end of the third quarter, we had $157.5 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization.
Michael Kelter: And then one last thing on gross margins. Obviously a little lower than probably most people were expecting on the quarter. You explained some of it, and since a lot of it is mix, should we assume that that gross margin reverses itself next year with Transformers as a movie coming back? Do gross margins come back to where they were before? Is that a fair way to look at it?
Brian Goldner : I think there's a couple things to think about. The gross margin shift could just be a higher gross margin product that's also is royalty-bearing versus a slightly lower gross margin product that is not royalty bearing and obviously driving a higher operating return. So you are seeing some of that in the quarter and you may see some of that as we drive other of our own operated brands that are less royalty-bearing over the next couple of years. Obviously, as David mentioned, you also have programming that hits the cost of goods lines of our P&L. Deb, you want to comment further?
Deb Thomas : I think that's good, and we are looking at, as that programming production amortization cost becomes greater next year, we are looking at breaking that out on the P&L to make that cost of goods measure easier to look at.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: Just two quick ones. First, with POS, you said it was up nicely. Just kind of triangulating that with the inventory levels at retail. So would you say that your shipment growth was pretty similar to POS this quarter?
Brian Goldner : Yes, it was. In fact in the quarter we had growth in POS in pre-school and girls. Certainly as you look at boys, the underlying boys business, very strong POS growth, albeit we are comping up against Transformers, so if you look at Transformers that would be down year-on-year. But the underlying brands, Nerf or Marvel, are certainly contributing. Our games business year to date, POS is up. As I mentioned in a prior answer, we have moved back family game night promotions by two weeks, so we're seeing POS pick up a bit later. But again, I feel very strongly overall that our POS is right in line with our expectations and certainly reflecting some good innovative products out on the market already.
Greg Badishkanian: And then just with respect to next year, you have a pretty good lineup of movies. Maybe just a little bit more color in terms of what you expect from those versus movie lineup this year, which was pretty light?
Brian Goldner : Next year we have a number of movies that we're very excited about: Transformers 3, expected to hit theaters around July 1, 2011, and then of course there's Thor, which comes. We have Captain America: The First Avenger, and then we'll have some games product around Cars 2. So overall feel very good about our 2011 motion picture lineup, both from Hasbro owned and operated brands as well as partner brands.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: Talking about Hasbro Studios adding $5 million in programming amortization to cost of goods sold, can you tell us how much the studios added to sales?
Deb Thomas : What you're seeing now is really minimal levels as we began to make deliveries to The Hub itself, so -
Brian Goldner : The revenues come in arrears, so you have to produce the content, you then provide it to The Hub, your partners. You then distribute the content, and then you would have all the waterfalls, be it digital distribution or DVD distribution over time.
Gerrick Johnson: And then David commented that you guys were happy with the level of inventory at retail and you can support sell-through in the fourth quarter. Should we interpret this as meaning the channel inventories are up? Can you just give us a little more granularity on exactly where retail inventories are?
David Hargreaves: I think overall in the U.S. we're maybe a little bit up versus last year. I don't think that's true for every retailer. Some are up, some are down a bit. But overall, we're certainly not less than last year. And we're kind of fine with that, because we're expecting some pretty good sell-through. We've got a lot of promotions, a lot of advertising, a lot of good new products launching, so that's okay.
Gerrick Johnson: And Deb commented that - I think she said there was no impact on margins from higher input costs. Is that because they're offset by higher selling prices, or are we not seeing cost increases? And if so when might we see those coming through?
Deb Thomas : I think you're seeing a very minimal impact. And that's really what I was trying to get across, is that the bigger impact on our cost of sales line for the quarter was not from cost increases. As we've talked about previously, we lock in our prices for new product for about a 12- to 18-month period. So we do expect to see some cost increases next year and we'll price our products appropriately.
Gerrick Johnson: And then on to the product side. Can you sort of give us a breakdown between, say, outdoor sports versus action figures, how those two categories are?
Brian Goldner : Some of the biggest drivers in the boys category this quarter were certainly Nerf, not only in the U.S. but as we're now rolling out that brand around the world. Our Marvel businesses are certainly up significantly, and that's what's driving that. So it's a good balance in our portfolio, be it boys or girls, good balanced portfolio, breadth of brands, Hasbro's own brands and long-term license partner brands that are contributing to growth in the quarter.
Gerrick Johnson: And lastly, comment on Beyblades, the re-launch there. Is that tracking according to your plans, or how is that doing?
Brian Goldner : It's doing very very well. We're feeling very good about Beyblades, starting to get placement around the world, domestically and in markets where the programming has been placed, has been very successful. And it's certainly been meeting our expectations and we're very familiar with the sales template for this brand, having done it before. And our partnership with Nelvana is quite good, and we feel very good about the prospects.
Operator: The next question is coming from Drew Crum of Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: With respect to your games and puzzles business, can you comment on the inventory levels entering the fourth quarter and planned shelf space in light of the timing for Family Game Night?
Brian Goldner : Overall, we are seeing already good growth from a number of different games across the breadth of the portfolio, be it Trouble, or Scrabble and Scrabble Flash, or Battleship, Monopoly. There's a lot of great brands being supported. My only point was as we look at the promotion year-on-year we had pushed it back by a couple of weeks and that does change the template. But of course as you know, games sell late in the fourth quarter very significantly, and so we felt that was warranted and would allow us to have a bigger impact. We have a number of new brands within games, or new lines within games. The Scrabble Flash is off to a tremendous start. CUPONK is a new line within the games business, which is a lot of fun to play and is having great success. So overall, again, games garnering great linear footage, great displays, great promotions. Our Monopoly promotion with McDonald's is going on presently, maybe you've seen some of the advertising. So again, feel very good about where we are with our games. In fact, Drew, we're not only seeing Scrabble do well as our analog product, but on the Kindle the Scrabble is the number-one app overall, even including books or other downloads. You can play Scrabble on your iPad, you can play Scrabble on other brands in a number of different forms and formats. So again, it's complementary and not cannibalistic to our analog business.
Drew Crum: And then I want to return to the question around emerging markets. I know it's not a big piece of your business today, but how much of a drag is this on profits. Is it break-even yet? What are the prospects for growing profitability for that piece of business over the near to intermediate term?
David Hargreaves: It's mixed. I think the markets in Eastern Europe, Poland, Czech Republic, are certainly a little bit mature. They actually make returns similar to a lot of the rest of our business. But in the newer markets, in some of the bigger markets, where we clearly do believe we're in investment spending mode and they're not at break-even yet. I would say probably Brazil and China and Russia we consider that we are investment spending to get growth. We're in a very fortunate position, of course, that we have both the cash and the margin that allows us to do this at the moment. I think clearly we don't expect this investment spending to continue too long. I would say over the next two to three years those markets should turn positive.
Drew Crum: And then two last housekeeping questions from me. The amortization was a little higher than we modeled. Is there any updated guidance you can give us for 2010 there, and the cap ex number in the quarter?
Deb Thomas : The amortization is tracking along, and we had some little blips of things that went higher and maybe had a little bit more amortization in the quarter because of the way they were tracking against particular revenues. So I don't think there's anything significantly different than the guidance we had given back in November at the last analyst day that you should be thinking of for amortization. It's more of just a timing issue. And the cap ex in the quarter was $26 million.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean McGowan of Needham & Co. Please proceed with your question sir.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: I have a couple of questions as well. On the other income line, can you give us some sense of what's in there and what's driving that outside of the network's activities?
Deb Thomas : Outside of the network as we talked about we have an $874,000 loss from the network versus $1.5 million of income last year quarter-on-quarter, but outside of what's in that is really just a mix of interest income goes into that line and really just some small FX gains that became small losses this year. So there's just things mixing back and forth, but there's really nothing significantly different in that line year-on-year.
Sean McGowan: But it was a source of income, right, this quarter? Should we expect that to be a loss, then, in the fourth quarter, given the margin expenses for the launch?
Deb Thomas : Certainly with respect to The Hub. We still have reiterated we believe that we'll have $0.25 to $0.30 dilution on the full year from The Hub, and our expectation is the greatest piece of that, the dilution will be in the fourth quarter, as the bulk of the marketing expenditures are being expended.
Sean McGowan: But is there anything that you would think could offset that other income line?
Deb Thomas : If currency moves differently we may have some gains, but our expectation is there won't be anything significant offsetting that in the quarter.
Sean McGowan: Can you comment on retail momentum in Europe? You know, what you're seeing as we approach the holidays versus how things were earlier in the year? Some of those markets were kind of troubled from a consumer standpoint. Are they showing some improvement?
David Hargreaves: We're feeling pretty good about our business in Europe. As Brian said, a lot of our new products, whether it's Beyblade, or whether its CUPONK, or whether it's Scrabble Flash, all of these products are doing pretty well over there. Certainly Nerf is doing really well, the Stampede had a great launch over there. So we have quite a bit of product momentum at the moment. By market, last year Mexico was a difficult market and so was Eastern Europe. Both of those have bounced back pretty well. I think Spain has been a difficult market last year, and I think that continues to be difficult. And I think our business in Germany is doing pretty good. So overall a lot of new product momentum and we're feeling good as we're going into the holiday season.
Brian Goldner : The one thing I'd add is that actually internationally our girls' business is up pretty significantly and it's really being driven by all the new initiatives around Furreal Friends and Baby Alive, Strawberry Shortcake and now the initial elements of our new segments within Littlest Pet Shop, with Blythe Loves Littlest Pet Shop. So again, seeing some good results there as well.
Sean McGowan: And then the final question would be, given what seems to be the early success of CUPONK, would you expect to be monetizing in other ways the general drinking game category?
Brian Goldner : I'm not sure how to comment on that. I thought you were going to pitch me CUPONK the movie or something. [Laughter.]
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: Just to return back to the inventory question, and David maybe - I think you had an earlier question related to your channel inventories year-over-year domestically. Did you comment there on how those are internationally? Were they up, down, or sideways?
David Hargreaves: I don't get as good data internationally as we do in the U.S. So it's very difficult to make an overall informed comment. I think basically, as I talk to each of the general managers of each of our businesses in each of the countries around the world, they're pretty comfortable with the level of inventory out there. As I said, supporting what we hope is going to be a fairly strong POS season around the holidays.
Brian Goldner : David and the team just came back from Italy last week and spent some time with the Europeans and I think overall we're feeling very good about our business across the international markets.
Tim Conder: And just to wrap up the inventory question, on the timing issue that was mentioned by a competitor earlier, you're not really seeing any major timing issues, and in particular the commentary that's been out there regarding Walmart's planned flex in the month of December. Just kind of flesh that out if you could, a little more color.
Brian Goldner : Every one of our retailers, domestic and international, have pretty exciting plans for the toy category this holiday season. And certainly we are going to see more overall linear footage given the value of the toy department to retailers, to parents, and to kids, that is being really reflected now in the decisions about where to put the emphasis, the promotions, the marketing. So we feel good about the momentum thus far. We're already seeing really good over-the-counter sales of our new initiatives. We mentioned one segment, one promotion, that we pressed back by a couple of weeks in Family Game Night, but certainly we expect a very robust holiday season.
Tim Conder: So again, some are, or are not taking inventory a little later, or more similar to what you saw last year?
Brian Goldner : I would say that we work with our retailers really since early in the year to take inventory throughout, especially on the new initiatives. We're not seeing major delays of inventory, nor are we seeing major shipments of inventory. It's just been a good, smooth flow of goods to ensure that they have our innovative top items at retail for the holiday season. But no major delays. David, do you want to comment further?
David Hargreaves: No, I think we've had a lot of - we said at the beginning of the year that our business would be lots of singles and doubles and it might come a bit later, so we've had a lot of new initiatives during the third and into the fourth quarter, and people are always going to support good new initiatives.
Tim Conder: And I guess that's a good transition to my other question. You commented on how the early acceptance of Beyblade is good. Should we see Beyblade more impactful here in the fourth quarter as far as your initial ship-in, or you pretty well feel comfortable with what you've got in there as we've got it up and rolling here?
David Hargreaves: I think we will continue to Beyblade launch. You always have ramp-up capacity, so I think we're still catching up with demand at the moment. I think we'll be shipping in in the fourth quarter and clearly we see Beyblade as going strongly into next year as well.
Tim Conder: And then one last housekeeping question, just an update on your thoughts for cap ex and overall depreciation for this year and looking into next year?
Deb Thomas : I think for the full year we still expect our cap ex to be around $120 million for the full year. And depreciation, that one I don't have at the top of my head, so let me -
Tim Conder: We'll circle back, Deb. No problem.
Deb Thomas : Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Blaeser of Morgan Joseph. Please proceed with your question sir.
Jeff Blaeser - Morgan Joseph: Could you comment on the Transformer trends this year versus last year's post-movie results?
Brian Goldner : We had mentioned in the second quarter that Transformers was performing more like a year-after boys action brand than it had from 2008 from 2007 and that was really owing to the fact that we had chosen to move back our animation which we had had in 2008. We moved it back to time out with the launch of The Hub. So Transformers is performing more along the lines of a traditional decline year-on-year from the motion picture year to the year after.
Jeff Blaeser: And was Q4 or Q3 bigger for Transformers last year?
Brian Goldner : I don't have that at my fingertips. I'll have to come back to you. I'm not sure.
Jeff Blaeser: Okay, and then on the boys side, I think you mentioned Nerf and Beyblades certainly additive. Any other areas of strength there?
Brian Goldner : Well sure. Across the board - okay so I have - Q3 in 2009 was a bit higher than Q4 last year on Transformers.
Jeff Blaeser: Okay, great.
Brian Goldner : And then across boys, we've got a number of things that are really working. Obviously Nerf. We said a number of years ago that you could go out and garner consumer insights and believe that the Nerf idea is a global idea, not just a domestic idea, and we have now demonstrated that by growing Nerf several-fold and also growing it internationally. The opportunity to grow Nerf far beyond where it is today is still there and apparent, new segments being introduced, the Stampede is just one among many. Marvel is continuing to perform very well this year and is up. Star Wars we're really seeing now with the new season really coming into its own, and we're very excited about the Star Wars plans, not only for television but as it comes back into movies. Beyblade is getting started. So overall, again, we talk about a broad portfolio of great brands and boys is no different.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Edward Woo of Wedbush. Please proceed with your question.
Edward Woo - Wedbush: You mentioned that Playskool and the preschool was pretty strong this quarter. Was there any specific categories of that, or was it just pretty broad-based?
Brian Goldner : It was very broad-based. Playskool core is up, our Play Doh business, Tonka business, other businesses are all contributing. So yes, it's a broad-based strength, an array of great Hasbro brands.
Edward Woo: That's good to hear. And the other question I have is it seems that FX, at least the dollar, has weakened significantly. Do you see FX potentially being less of a headwind in the current quarter?
Deb Thomas : I think if rates continue the way they are today it is less of a headwind than we thought it would be a quarter or so ago.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Taylor of Arcadia Investment. Please proceed with your question.
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment : Pet Shop has been a real driver in the girls side for a long time, and Brian I think you called out that Pet Shop internationally was pretty good, but girls overall was down. And there's a lot of competition in that kind of small doll category this year with new stuff and whatnot. I wonder if you could talk a bit about that headwind and the way you might be responding to it.
Brian Goldner : Right now, if you go out in retail you'll start to see it. It's a major new segment for us within Pet Shop called Blythe Loves Littlest Pet Shop and Blythe is a doll that was back in the day and then was very popular in Asia and we've brought that into the line in a very inventive way. The team's done a really terrific job of introducing our first pet sitter as Blythe. And that will go forward as well. A number of new segments and initiatives for 2011, so like we've always said we need to constantly reinvent and reimagine reigniting our brands and there are times and quarters where you'll hit an inflection point, but I do believe it's about timing more than anything. It's similar with My Little Pony. We're just launching the animation now domestically. We'll launch that in 2011 internationally, and the My Little Pony line is reflective of this new "Friendship is Magic" TV animation, which will roll out around the world. And meanwhile, we have an array of great Hasbro brands that are driving our business, from Furreal Friends, Baby Alive, and also partnered brands with American Greetings, like Strawberry Shortcake. So a great, broad array of brands.
John Taylor: Is the Blythe segment being internationally shipped this year too, or just U.S.?
Brian Goldner : You'll see a bit of it happening late this year around the world and then it will hit more significantly in spring and into next year. And then obviously for fall of 2011 already contemplating a number of new initiatives - really exciting initiatives within Littlest Pet Shop and My Little Pony, which we'll share with you on November 9.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Debbie Hancock for closing comments.
Debbie Hancock : Thank you operator. We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website immediately following the call. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Debbie Hancock – VP, IR Brian Goldner – President and CEO Deb Thomas – CFO David Hargreaves – COO
Analysts: Robert Carroll – UBS Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Margaret Whitfield – Sterne, Agee Michael Kelter – Goldman Sachs Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets Jeff Hans – Citi Sean McGowan – Needham & Co. Thomas Russo – Gardner, Russo & Gardner Tim Conder – Wells Fargo Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray Jim Chartier – Monness Crespi Hardt John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Corporation 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time all parties will be in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer; and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. To better understand our results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today's call and it is available on our Web site, at hasbro.com. We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. During the call this morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product and entertainment plan, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, costs, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance in achieving our objective. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now, I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our global teams continued to execute our long-term strategy through the second quarter. Heading into Q2, we knew it would be a challenging quarter, as we faced difficult comparisons with the initial movie ship-ins last year for both TRANSFORMERS and G.I. JOE. In fact, the revenue decline from these two brands combined was $174 million in the quarter. This decline was partially offset by gains of $120 million across the remainder of our brand portfolio and backed by strong execution of our team globally. Overall, revenue declined 7% in the quarter, as several of our brands and product categories grew. I will provide more insight on this performance in a moment. Despite lower year-over-year revenues, we increased operating profit 9% from the second quarter last year. Our ability to improve operating profit clearly illustrates the operating leverage we are unlocking in our business. We continue to expect our revenue to be more heavily weighted to the back half of the year, as our major initiatives are beginning to launch. For the full year 2010, we still believe we should be able to grow revenues and earnings per share, including the dilution from our television investments and barring a further decline in foreign exchange, consumer spending or global economic conditions. Reviewing our second quarter performance, the Games and Puzzles category up 22% and Preschool up 32%, both posted strong growth as did several of our mega brands including Magic The Gathering, which continues to perform extremely well; MONOPOLY celebrating its 75th anniversary this year; NERF showing strong growth both in the U.S. and through international expansion; and PLAYSKOOL, which is seeing growth across a number of initiatives including infant learning and MR. and MRS. POTATO HEAD, who are leading characters in TOY STORY 3. Other brands contributing the growth include FURREAL FRIENDS, PLAY-DOH, OPERATION, BABY ALIVE, STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE, TONKA and IRON MAN. We have said this year would be about singles and doubles, meaning it would be a year when we are driving growth across the breadth of our portfolio. Year-to-date, revenue is down just $3 million versus year ago. Over the coming months we have number of initiatives launching. In the Boys' category, BEYBLADES is off to a promising early start in Canada and is just staring to hit shelves in the U.S. Programming is on air in both markets. Programming in products are also scheduled for major European markets, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand this year. NERF and the newly rebranded NERF SUPER SOAKER have been strong contributors to growth in the first half of the year, and in the second half, we have major new products launches slated. In Girls, LITTLEST PET SHOP is adding an exciting new play pattern inspired by our consumer insight work with BLYTHE LOVES LITTLEST PET SHOP. Also, FURRY FRENZIES within our FURREAL FRIENDS line will be hitting retail this fall. In Preschool, our entrance into the electronic learning aid category with ALPHIE is off to a good start. PLAY-DOH is adding SESAME STREET to its line and CHUCK MY TALKING TRUCK will get additional support from new programming on THE HUB. Finally, in Games and Puzzles, we continued to innovate our evergreen brands with creative play, while introducing exciting new brands. CUPONK, our new seen ball in cup game, is off to a good start. SCRABBLE FLASH, MONOPOLY REVOLUTION and our new line of construction games under the U-Build brand are just a few additional highlights for the second half of the year. We will support these initiatives with the continuation of our successful, global FAMILY GAME NIGHT initiative including a new marketing campaign this fall. We also feel very positive about our new network. This fall, THE HUB, our children's television network with Discovery, is on schedule to launch on 10/10/10. At this point, Margaret Loesch and her team have announced much of the programming, completed all the acquisition deals for the fall launch and continue to finalize the schedule. As part of these announcements, Hasbro Studios has seven shows announced to be on THE HUB. These include TRANSFORMERS PRIME, G.I. JOE RENEGADES, MY LITTLE PONY FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC, THE ADVENTURES OF CHUCK AND FRIENDS, POUND PUPPIES, PICTUREKA and FAMILY GAME NIGHT. Additionally, several of our partners have programs slated for the network, including STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE from American Greetings, IN THE NIGHT GARDEN from the BBC and The WOTWOTS, Weta Workshop. More programming announcements are expected from THE HUB in early August during the TCAs, a major press event for the Television Critics Association. From a product standpoint, in addition to product already available in the market, we have a number of new product initiatives which tie to our new programming on THE HUB. The majority of new product tied to programming is scheduled to launch in fall 2011. MY LITTLE PONY is undergoing a reinvention along with the new animation. A sneak peek of the new look will hit retail shelves this fall to coincide with THE HUB launch with the whole new look from MY LITTLE PONY coming in 2011. From an advertising perspective, Margaret in THE HUB's ad sales teams have had many one-on-one meetings with potential advertisers. As a result, Blue Chip advertisers are getting onboard with THE HUB and its programming for kids and their families. They are enthusiastic about the mission of the network and it provides them with an opportunity to reach a wide cross-section of viewers, including adults, moms, families, and kids. Prior to the launch of the network, THE HUB will kick off a concentrated high impact marketing campaign. This campaign will have additional support in the late November, early December time period as well as in early 2011. Turning to our movie pipeline, production is underway for TRANSFORMERS III, which is scheduled for release on July 1, 2011. This year TRANSFORMERS shipments are showing a more typical post movie decline than the smaller decline we saw in 2008, when we had television to support the brand throughout the year. In 2011, we will have the support of both a major theatrical release and television behind the brand. I started today's call reiterating that Hasbro's global teams are executing our long-term strategy. A strategy built on a number of core elements designed to guide our business for years to come. Our brands, including Hasbro's core brands and our vast portfolio of active involve brands remain at the center of the strategy and guide the direction and decisions we are making globally in toys and games and immersive brand experiences. We add to our efforts through alliances with Marquee Partners, who are also re-imagining their brands including MARVEL and its extensive Universal Characters, STAR WARS from Lucasfilm and our newest partners Sesame Workshop. Finally, we are working with the industry's best creative stewards at Paramount, DreamWorks, Universal, Sony, Discovery, THE HUB, Electronic Arts and Activision who are actively developing Hasbro brands into immersive experience through movies, television, and digital gaming. Our global Hasbro teams are activating the elements of our strategy each and every day as we re-imagine, reinvent, and reignite our brands today and for years to come. I will now turn the call over to Deb. Deb?
Deb Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning. The continued execution of our strategy and our attention to cost has enabled us to deliver improved profitability and maintain our strong balance sheet despite the revenue challenges in the quarter. For the second quarter, worldwide net revenues were $737.8 million compared to $792.2 million last year, a decline of 7%. Foreign exchange had a positive impact of $1.6 million to revenue in the quarter. While revenue was down from last year as expected, operating profit of $79.7 million or 10.8% of revenue increased 9% or $6.6 million compared to $73.1 million or 9.2% of revenue last year. Looking at our second quarter segment results, the U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $444.5 million, a decrease of 9% compared to $490.9 million last year. The results reflect growth in the Games and Puzzles, Girls and Preschool categories, offset by a decline in the Boys category primarily due to lower TRANSFORMERS and G.I. JOE shipment. U.S. and Canada operating profit for the quarter increased 4% to $58.7 million or 13.2% of revenues compared to $56.3 million or 11.5% of revenue. Net revenues in the International segment decreased 5% to $261.4 million compared to $276.2 million a year ago. Foreign exchange had a negative $800,000 impact on revenue in the quarter. The results reflect growth in the Games and Puzzles and Preschool categories, offset by declines in the Boys and Girls product categories. The International segment reported an operating profit of $11.6 million compared to an operating profit of $16.5 million last year. The year-over-year decrease was primarily the result of lower revenues. Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased 26% to $30.5 million compared to $24.2 million a year ago. This is primarily due to an increase in movie-related revenues. The Entertainment and Licensing segment operating profit increased to $13 million compared to $2.9 million last year, reflecting higher revenue as well as the fact that the second quarter 2009 included $7.2 million in one-time advisory fees and deal costs associated with our investments in the joint venture television network. While we continue to have costs associated with our television initiative, our current run rate of expenses is lower than last year's one-time fees and costs. Now, let's look at earnings. For the quarter, we reported net earnings of $43.6 million or $0.29 per diluted share compared to $39.3 million or $0.26 per diluted share a year ago. The second quarter 2010 includes a negative $0.05 per share impact from our television-related activities, while our second quarter 2009 included a negative $0.06 per diluted share impact. Cost of sales in the quarter was $300.3 million or 40.7% of revenues versus $319.5 million or 40.3% of revenues in 2009. During the past quarter, there has been a great deal of discussion around input cost trends, and I want to just take a moment to discuss how these impact Hasbro. Hasbro outsources between 80% and 85% of its manufacturing to vendors in China. We purchase this product in Hong Kong dollar, a currency which is pegged to the U.S. dollar. The costs we agree to with our vendors are based on the estimated market level of input costs, which includes commodities and labor during the delivery stage of the product. As a general rule, once we agree on a cost with a vendor, we expect that cost to remain in place for the next 12 months to 15 months. As a result, the impact we experience from input cost increases and decreases would be primarily reflected in 2011 and beyond. For these products, we take into account the current cost environment as we design, engineer, and price our product with an objective to maintain our desired level of profitability on the product sale. There have been instances when we have accepted higher prices from our vendors despite having agreements in place, but this is during periods of extraordinary inflationary pressure and is not a general practice. While costs had been rising in the first quarter, currently several input costs appear to have peaked and are now coming down in select areas, including resins and paperboard. Overall, our operating margin increased to 10.8% from 9.2% last year. Operating profit improved despite lower revenue, primarily due to lower royalties and amortization. Royalties declined due to lower entertainment-based revenue including the decline in TRANSFORMERS and G.I. JOE. Amortization is down as the intangible assets associated with the WIZARDS OF THE COAST and Larami acquisitions have been fully amortized. We continue to invest in our business including our television initiatives, our emerging markets business as well as product development, which has grown this year in support of major product initiatives we have planned for 2011. Our investment in television programming is reflected in our balance sheet with another current assets. As we begin to generate revenue associated with our programs, programming costs will be expensed over the revenue curve of the program. No programming costs have been expensed on our P&L to-date, and we do not anticipate these costs to be significant in 2010. Below the operating profit line, interest expense increased by $4.4 million to $21.9 million, primarily due to the debt offering we completed in March 2010. Other income net totaled $3.2 million compared to $1.3 million a year ago. Our 50% share of our joint venture results is included in this line on the P&L. This quarter, our share of the earnings in the joint venture inclusive of amortization expense was a loss of $76,000. In the second quarter 2009, our share of the earnings in the joint venture was a positive $1 million. In the second quarter 2010, our underlying tax rate was 28.5% compared to 29.5% last year. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $872.3 million compared to $392 million a year ago. Over the past 12 months, we've generated over $600 million in cash from operations. Our cash generation is healthy and we continue investing in our business. This includes approximately $19 million in television programming costs, and $25 million royalty advanced to THE HUB. Our next $25 million royalty advanced payment to the network is due in the fourth quarter 2010. In March, 2010, we raised $500 million through a debt offering, and on March 29, we called our outstanding 2.75% convertible debt. Prior to the end of the call period, substantially all of the debentures were converted into 11.6 million shares. In the second quarter, we repurchased 6.7 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $271.4 million in an average price of $40.49 per share. In the first two quarter of 2010, we repurchased 9.5 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $369.1 million at an average price of $38.99 per share. At the end of the second quarter, there was $417.5 million remaining in our current share repurchase authorization. The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good, and receivables at quarter end were $663.5 million, up $10.9 million from $652.6 million last year. In the second quarter of 2010, we did not utilize our securitization facility. However, in the second quarter 2009, we securitized $85.1 million of receivables. As we've previously mentioned, given the changing environment and government regulations impacting the securitization market, it's likely we will not securitize receivables as actively in the future, and we have not securitized receivables since the second quarter of 2009. Absent the impact of securitization in 2009, DSOs decreased 3 days to 81 days due to the timing of sales and collections in the quarter compared with the year ago. Inventories of $342.1 million in the quarter compared to $346.8 million a year ago. In closing, there are a number of factors we're watching over the remainder of the year; namely, foreign exchange, consumer spending and global economic conditions. In particular, foreign exchange rates continue to be very volatile and difficult to predict, and they do affect our reported revenues. Our largest currency impact is the Euro, followed by the British pound, the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso and the Australian dollar. What we are certain about is the breadth of our brand portfolio. Brian outlined a number of exciting initiatives launching in the coming months that will help drive our business for the rest of the year. In 2010 and beyond, the global Hasbro teams will remain committed to the execution of our strategy and the investment in our business for the long-term. We look forward to keeping you updated. That concludes our prepared remarks. And now, Brian, David and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll take our first question from Robert Carroll at UBS.
Robert Carroll - UBS: Hi, everyone. Is there any way you guys could break down the strength in some of the games in the Preschool, I mean in terms of what is from some of the TOY STORY 3 related product, just what the core brands are doing?
Brian Goldner: Sure, good morning, it's Brian. If you look at TOY STORY, we have co-branded games. So a brand like OPERATION is benefiting from that, as well as MR. and MRS. POTATO HEAD, but not a significant amount of revenues in the second quarter. A good number, but not a significant number of revenues. The key within games really are our own brands in driving the business, so Magic The Gathering, MONOPOLY, THE GAME OF LIFE, certainly OPERATION and benefiting from TOY STORY. Those are the big drivers of the growth in games in the quarter. We're looking PLAYSKOOL, really a number of initiatives driving that growth. Certainly, in the learning arena, we've just launched ALPHIE. That's a great category for us. We're already seeing some good numbers there. A major category in EXPLORE ‘N GROW is growing for us. WHEEL PALS is growing, Our TONKA Preschool business is growing. So those are all some areas in Preschool overall outside of PLAYSKOOL that's growing. You are also seeing growth in PLAY-DOH, both domestically and internationally.
Robert Carroll - UBS: Great, thanks. And then just for the kind of the uptick year-over-year on R&D, is that likely to continue given the commentary around some of the new product launches that we're likely to see later on this year?
Brian Goldner: Our R&D has been in that range, about 4.5% to 5% revenues. Certainly, in the second quarter, it's a bit about timing, but also a bit about investing in our business, if you look across the business, making a bit of investments in R&D. We do expect, of course, growth in years to come and we're planning for that growth in our core brands and reinventing our brands. You see investments in television; you see investments in our emerging market business. So very consistent with our long-term strategy, that's where we're investing, and then we're managing our cost on other sides with royalties, amort and a bit of advertising coming down.
Robert Carroll - UBS: Thanks, guys, great job.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll take our next question from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Good morning, guys. Brian, now as THE HUB is well on the way towards launching and you guys have crossed a lot of hurdles there. I'm just wondering if you have revisited your view in terms of generating $300 million in incremental toys sales. I am wondering now that you guys have gotten deeper and deeper into this, do you think that's conservative, continues to be in line or have you revisited it?
Brian Goldner: So we're very excited. I think the first thing I should say is that Margaret and the team, Steve Davis, Hasbro Studio and the team have done a tremendous job underway in producing those seven TV series over 350 hours of television and time for the 10/10/10 launch. Those numbers that we cited, the $300 million overtime and contributing an additional toys and game sales is consistent with what we believe today because it's not only what we're going to do domestically on THE HUB, but as we distribute those shows internationally, we believe we'll get those increases in international markets, as those shows go globally. So we again would reiterate our broad and long-term guidance, $300 million feels good to us. When you see the shows and I've seen the lot of the early story boarding and some of the early animation, it's really exciting and the feedback from the experts as well as novices is quite good. We are feeling very good about what we're seeing coming out of the studio.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Fantastic. And then Deb just getting to FX, is there a way that you could give us just some kind of sensitivity, so we could gauge that as it relates to your revenues, particularly, given the caveat to your outlook that barring any kind of change in FX. Can you give us some kind of sensitivity, so that we can have a sense of where your growth is coming?
Deb Thomas: Well, I think if we look at our revenues, we tend to be consistently about 40% international, 60% domestic, and within that, we just try to give some color as to what some of the larger currency impacts were with the euro, Canadian dollars, Mexican Peso. Those are the currencies that impact us most, especially since the Hong Kong dollar which we purchased a lot of our product and is pegged to the U.S. So really barring a further decline in foreign exchange, we continue to reiterate our guidance but it's just very volatile right now. I think if we think about revenues being 60-40 and looking at the movement in some of the currencies, particularly the euro, hopefully, that's a little bit more helpful for you.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: To be honest, it's not. I mean, like every 1% change in the euro is X to revenues is really helpful.
Deb Thomas: Yes, I think that we don't give that kind of guidance and right now at current levels we just reiterate the guidance that we've given.
Brian Goldner: Felicia, the one thing I would say to you is, clearly, what we're saying today is that barring a further decline. So if you look at what the current rates are in euro, you can look at where the business is currently. We're not going to provide guidance beyond that point. But I think we've tried to be very clear about where we are today and should be helpful to say that barring a further decline, that we could grow revenues including FX.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Okay. Just moving on to royalties, I know you have more back half loaded, but if we look at the royalties for the full year, can we just kind of run rate the first half and make some minor adjustments? But is there going to be any kind of big swings in the second half?
Brian Goldner: I wouldn't give you a lot of guidance there, specifically. But, suffice it to say, the major initiatives for the company this year, the things that you have in the second half that you've had in the first half of certainly are MARVEL business. You have the STARWARS business. We're looking forward to the third season of STAR WARS launching in the fall on television. You have the beginning of SESAME STREET in the PLAY-DOH business, but for the most part beyond that a lot of our own toys and games selling in the second half.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Margaret Whitfield at Sterne, Agee.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: Good morning. Congratulations. Brian, I wonder if you could give us more color on the Boys segment, excluding TRANSFORMER, G.I. JOE, how did IRON MAN perform, how did STAR WARS perform, etc.,?
Brian Goldner: Good morning. Well, first to start with the big drivers in the Boys arena, certainly the MARVEL business, we continue to be impressed by the performance of IRON MAN. It's certainly significantly up versus the first movie. We feel very good about it as we go into the fall. It's really meeting with our expectations. We're certainly increased from the first movie. I think everybody feels good about that. The other major contributors are our own brand and NERF. NERF is a superstar, both domestically and internationally growing at significant rates. We rebranded the SUPER SOAKER segment to be NERF SUPER SOAKER and re-invented that brand, that's also contributing significantly, as we're getting great weather around the country and around the world, and SUPER SOAKER is certainly performing. BEYBLADE is just beginning. So we feel good again about BEYBLADE, how placement of the show through Nelvana around several territories which we mentioned. Feel good about that. STAR WARS, the third season hits in the fall of the CLONE WARS. We feel very good about the STAR WARS business and we still have initiatives for TRANSFORMERS in the fall with the HUNT FOR THE DECEPTICONS. Our first episodes for TRANSFORMERS will begin airing on THE HUB late this year and we chose to focus on that timing in time for THE HUB launch or just following THE HUB launch, but really allowing us to have full year 2011 animation for TRANSFORMERS alongside of the motion picture release.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: Could you comment on your retail inventories, both in the U.S. and overseas, and that versus point-of-sale and expectations on the part of retailers for your product line in the back half?
David Hargreaves: Margaret, this is David. I think we're very comfortable with our retailer inventories at the moment. I think in the U.S., clearly, our shipments into retail have been down versus a year ago, but certainly in the U.S. POS through the first half of the year is up, which we tend to indicate there have been some reduction compared to a year ago during the first quarter of inventory. As we go into the rest of the year, I think there is one area of concern, which is shipping capacity and containers, and we've put additional container capacity in place and shipping capacity in place, and I think we're encouraging our retailers to take the product earlier rather than later to avoid any problems. So I think we're doing everything to avoid the problems, but I think it is something that you're going to read about in the papers in terms of container shortages and shipping capacity. I think retailers, as Brian said, we got a lot of newness in our line in the second half of the year, and I think retailers appreciate that. They're supporting the line, and I think they will take in the appropriate level of inventories so as to have a good year.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: Any thoughts on how you are doing overseas with inventory levels versus point-of-sale?
David Hargreaves: Similar situation as in the U.S.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: And finally, for Brian, I know you told us about the TRANSFORMER for next year, any other changes in the entertainment schedule or line-up for 2011 or 2012?
Brian Goldner: 2011, we have the seven TV series launching this fall to varying times during the fall and time for THE HUB launch. And TRANSFORMERS is underway in production right now. They are shooting in Chicago, and we expect that to happen on July 1, 2011. Everything is a green light there. We go into production on BATTLESHIP in the next five, six weeks, and you see that reflected in our numbers in Q2, as we start to get in some revenues in the E&L segment around motion pictures. And overall, on schedule.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: So the BATTLESHIP is 2012, right?
Brian Goldner: Correct. You see you'll have a number of movies in 2012. You have the Avengers in May 2012 as they've announced thus far, Spider-Man, BATTLESHIP and then Stretch Armstrong. Those are all 2012. 2011, you have TRANSFORMERS 3, you have Thor, you have Captain America - The First Avenger. So between Hasbro Paramount and Marvel Paramount, you've got at least those three movies in support of Hasbro's brands.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: Anything in 2013 you can discuss?
Brian Goldner: Nothing we'll talk about now. We'll probably talk about that in the fall.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll take our next question from Michael Kelter at Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys. I wanted to ask you about THE HUB a little bit more. Having seven shows on, it seems like it's somewhat unprecedented. You should get a pretty good bump next year on toy sales around it. I guess where the rubber meets the road is whether people actually tune in and watch the channel. So can you be very specific at this point, now that we're pretty close, what do you intend to do to drive people to watch the channel?
Brian Goldner: It's Brian. First, if you look at the plan and we've talked about the dilution this year as a financial metric, that dilution is primarily around the multimillion-dollar marketing campaign we have lined up for THE HUB. In addition to the campaign that the team is putting together to launch THE HUB, which will be in all kinds of forms of advertising, marketing and promotions, certainly the two parents are also using their skill sets to help bring viewership to THE HUB. We have a great partner in Discovery that has a number of domestic networks. We're working on promotions on air across a number of their different channels where our audience is lined up. You will see things for THE HUB across a number of different platforms and those plans will be announced and outlined a little bit later; I'll let Margaret and the team do that, but suffice it to say, between being on our packaging, being on the Discovery's channels, our multimillion-dollar campaign. Having said that, we won't get there all at once, but we are planning this growth over time. If you look at the growth of major networks, it happens over some period of time. And yet, we feel very comfortable that this network can contribute to increases in our toys and games sales as we've outlined over the next several years.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs: And do you have specific targets and goals you could talk about with THE HUB that what kind of ratings you think you might be able to achieve and when or how we should think about? What success looks like for you?
Brian Goldner: We're not going to provide ratings guidelines. Suffice it to say, our teams have worked on the modeling and we feel very comfortable both in the early years as well as in the later years as to what's achievable, and we'll continue to update you guys on our progress. But at this point, we're not going to provide any kind of ratings guideline.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs: All right. And then the other thing I wanted to ask about was your cash balance which even after share repurchases was pretty large. Outside of share repurchases and what you need to run the business and service the dividend, are there any major uses of cash that maybe you guys are thinking about, whether it's acquisition or anything else that we should be aware of?
Deb Thomas: Hi, Michael, it's Deb. Our cash position is very healthy and it's consistent with our strategy. We do generate quite a bit of cash and we continue to plan to invest that cash in our future growth. So as David has said in the past that those investments are growing in marketing areas and adding new people in our emerging markets and developing our TV program that we talked about some of the levels of that. But those investments are in the tens and millions of dollars. We remain very skeptical of acquisitions. Obviously, if there was something compelling out there that would benefit the company and complement our strategy, and benefit our shareholders, we look at it, but we do remain skeptical of it. So our plan with our cash is to continue investing in our business and returning whatever is excess to our shareholders.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs: And then one last thing, on International, which sales were pretty good especially considering Europe against TRANSFORMER last year. Can you talk about the composition, emerging markets versus Western Europe? Where you were strong and where it wasn't that strong?
David Hargreaves: Well, I think clearly, we've invested pretty heavily getting into Brazil and China. We've opened offices in Peru, Chile, and some of the other Eastern European markets. We opened an office in Romania this year. So clearly, we're getting higher growth rates in these markets, but they're still relatively small compared to Western Europe. So clearly, some of our growth is absent for TRANSFORMERS and JOE is still coming in the Western Europe as well is still pretty strong. In particular, this year Spain had a very bad year last year. Their economy was probably one in worst in a road, and that bounced back pretty well. Mexico was also one of the worst places last year because of the economy, because of bird flu, and a number of other reasons, and Mexico bounced back pretty well. So pretty good everywhere, but Mexico and Spain, good bounce back in emerging market show more growth, which is to be expected.
Michael Kelter - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gerrick Johnson of BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning. Getting back to the POS, I don't think you guys threw out a number. I was hoping, perhaps we get a number for the first half or at least for second quarter, and specifically on board games? And then second question I had for you is that improvement in PLAYSKOOL definitely seeing that at retail, but Wal-Mart is making some changes to its Preschool category. Does that have much impact on your business? How are you looking at PLAYSKOOL for the back half, considering what Wal-Mart is doing?
Brian Goldner: So if you look at our POS year-to-date, POS is up, both toys and games. The POS was stronger through Easter, but has been still up recently. I mean, obviously, you have to account a bit for TRANSFORMERS, but overall, if you look at our overall POS year-to-date, it is up. The consumer sentiment is in line with consumer takeaway more recently. A little bit choppy, but as we look at our new initiatives, we're seeing good takeaway from those new initiatives. So as I said, year-to-date POS is up for the company. PLAYSKOOL, really getting a lot of support from retailers overall for PLAYSKOOL, a lot of new innovation, a change in leadership, lots of focus in new R&D, and new initiates. So both, domestically and internationally, retailers are very supportive of PLAYSKOOL. It is a brand with great resonance with consumers and we are delivering innovation at great price points to match that.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Now, at Wal-Mart, are you anticipating that business being up in PLAYSKOOL in the back half?
Brian Goldner: I'm not going to comment specifically retailer-by-retailer, but I will say that our retailers, inclusive of Wal-Mart, Target, Toys ‘R' Us, domestic retailer's Kmart have been very supportive of PLAYSKOOL, and so I don't see anything in your question that would be a watch out or warning.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then on the games, what was the point of sale on the games in the second quarter?
Brian Goldner: Games year-to-date is up.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Year-to-date is up?
Brian Goldner: Yes.
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Badishkanian at Citi.
Jeff Hans - Citi: Thanks. This is Jeff Hans actually on behalf of Greg. Very solid growth in the games business this quarter and it looks like you're going to start to have some tougher comps sequentially over the next two quarters. With new competitors coming into this space, just want to get a sense of how you are thinking about that business over the remainder of the year?
Brian Goldner: Thanks. Well, first, if you look at our core games brands like Magic and MONOPOLY, they are major contributors to our growth. You're also seeing growth across brands like OPERATION, the GAME OF LIFE, SCRABBLE, lot of new initiatives like CUPONK we talked about. It's a great new game. It's already off to a great start. So whether it's our core mega brands or challenger brands or some new brands, growth is there. In the area of buildable games, we have five SKUs that we've launching now, including MONOPOLY, CONNECT FOUR, BATTLESHIP, MOUSETRAP and SORRY! All in the U-Build category, and they are just getting off to a start now, and we feel very good about those as well. The consumer feedback has been extremely positive as you could imagine with brands like that and great playability. So overall, we continue to reinvent and re-imagine that business both domestically and internationally.
Jeff Hans - Citi: Great, thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sean McGowan at Needham & Co.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: Hi, good morning. I also have a couple. I wanted to focus a little bit more on royalties. One general question I have is, the royalty rates that you'll be paying to THE HUB aside from the advance but on an ongoing basis, are they comparable to the royalty rates that you paid to the studios on G.I. JOE and TRANSFORMERS?
Brian Goldner: They are roughly market rates, slightly below what you might pay on motion picture. Remember, that the way that royalties are split, there are some royalties that go back to the studio for producing and then some royalties that go to THE HUB as well, so really equally divided.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: Well, when you say market rates, you mean what you would be paying for someone else's IP?
Brian Goldner: No, no. I am just saying, if you look at they are below market rates is what I was saying. If you look at what we pay on motion pictures, it's below that, Sean.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: Okay. Sales of products related to programming on THE HUB, is that comparable to what you were paying the studios?
Brian Goldner: It's a bit different because what we're doing in effect is Hasbro Studios is producing those shows, and then through the related sales, we're paying a royalty back to the studio in essence for producing that programming.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: But isn't THE HUB itself separate from the studio also getting the royalty?
Brian Goldner: Yes. THE HUB gets royalty as well in support of the brands. Obviously, with associated merchandizing, they would participate in that. But overall, the levels are lower than that of our motion picture dealer and outside the studios deal.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: If we were to combine the royalties going to the studio plus THE HUB, is that comparable to what was going to Paramount and Universal on the movies last year?
Brian Goldner: No. Call it liability, the total royalty cost on our motion picture like TRANSFORMERS, the payments to the studio and to THE HUB are below those levels.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: That's helpful. And –
David Hargreaves: It's David, Sean. Clearly, the payments for the studio, all within Hasbro, and payments to THE HUB, it's a 50% joint venture, so half of it sort of comes back to us anyway.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: That's understood. In this quarter, obviously, a big drop in some big tickets items in TRANSFORMERS and JOE where one would assume those royalty rates are below market rate and the increase in IRON MAN would have been above market rate. So I am a little surprised that royalties went down as much as they did. Is there anything else driving that drop?
Brian Goldner: Actually, if you look at TRANSFORMERS motion picture, the motion picture rates are a bit higher than in average television royalty, recognizing we're not producing the films. Remember that TRANSFORMERS and Paramount deal, I think we said a couple of times that the TRANSFORMERS Paramount deal was our first deal in Hollywood in motion pictures, and our subsequent deals have been better, which we described to you qualitatively and quantitatively. So it's probably our most expensive deals on something like a TRANSFORMERS, and so I wouldn't look at IRON MAN versus TRANSFORMERS in terms of total royalty liability as being altogether that different.
David Hargreaves: Also, if you look at our business, Sean, our Boys was down in the quarter, and within that NERF was very good. The real growth was driven by games and driven by Magic, which is a Hasbro brand, PLAYSKOOL, Preschool products, which are mainly Hasbro brands. Even in the Girls, FURREAL FRIENDS did very well. So a lot of our growth during the quarter versus a year ago has been driven by Hasbro brands, which just don't have (inaudible).
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: Coming to the Entertainment line, what is the timing of payments that you get from the Studios? Brian, I thought you said something about already seeing some impact on BATTLESHIP in that line in the second quarter.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think Deb mentioned in her piece, she talked about how Entertainment and Licensing revenues were up and was trying to describe that to you guys because you might not have expected that in the second quarter. But the net of it is twofold; one, payments in arrears that come from the licensing revenues associated with our motion pictures; and secondly, we begin to get some payments as we go into production on movies like BATTLESHIP.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: So the BATTLESHIP stuff is not just off the box, obviously, you get payments in advance?
Brian Goldner: So you think about it as just, there is box office, there are rights fees, there's different things associated with the movie. That's what we were trying to describe that our deals with Universal is still a very good deal for both parties and certainly we're engaged in BATTLESHIP, but it runs differently than a TRANSFORMERS deal.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: And then two other quickies, Brian, you said the decline in TRANSFORMERS was kind of a more normal one without the television in the first half. Can you quantify, broadly speaking, what that percentage decline was?
Brian Goldner: My broad guidance to you, if you go back and look at year after motion pictures in the Boys arena over the last several years, and we've all done that, you can see what the typical drop-off rate is. What I am saying is TRANSFORMERS is more along those normalized levels, whereas when we had the motion picture last time followed immediately by television, we were able to sustain higher levels. We chose to move new animation on to the channel, which obviously had a timing impact, but it's really a timing impact so that we can support THE HUB. We could get great animation out there with an amazing team and creative stewards. And so, because of that, in 2010 we don't have the benefit of the television. So a more normalized year after motion picture drop-off.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: Would you expect in the fourth quarter a fairly quick response of the fact that new animation is on TV and –
Brian Goldner: I think the way I'd look at that would be some television this fourth quarter, but the bulk of the episodes and the bulk of the scheduling really comes in 2011.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: And then last question, inventory obviously down a little but not as much as sales. So is that a reflection of expectations on upcoming shipments or is that just you didn't ship as much as you thought?
Brian Goldner: No. I think we feel very good about the third and fourth quarter this year. As we've said, we still believe we can grow revenues and EPS this year. We have a lot of new initiatives that are just beginning to ship, both here and around the world. Again, I would look at a number that says year-to-date our revenues are down just $3 million versus a year ago. So if you think about it that way, we've done $1.410 billion year-to-date up against $1.413 billion a year ago. To us, that says now, just like in the toy industry midyear, and we are at the starting line.
Sean McGowan - Needham & Co.: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Thomas Russo at Gardner, Russo & Gardner.
Thomas Russo - Gardner, Russo & Gardner: Hi, good morning. Morning, Dave and Debby. You had done, Brian, a great job some years ago informing investors the magnitude of your investment spend, and you gave a ballpark number and you said it was directed towards Entertainment, International and the development of the Games business. The Games business has fallen off the radar. I'm just curious what the prospects are for you if that's been spent behind interactive gaming through your brand portfolio?
Brian Goldner: Well, the interactive gaming, Tom, we do and have done through a strategic alliance with EA and with Activision. June 22 of this year, just couple of weeks ago, we launched a big new game with Activision called WAR FOR CYBERTRON, which is a big TRANSFORMERS game, got very high Metacritic scores and is off to a very strong start. EA has a raft of games across a number of different platforms, whether it'd be the iPhone, the iPod, online console games. So we feel very good about the digital gaming effort that's going on across our brands and across the company. In terms of total investment, I think we tried to outline that. Deb, you want to just talk a bit about some of the categories of investment?
Deb Thomas: Certainly, Tom. As we continue to make some of the investments in our emerging markets, those are tens and millions of dollars. To-date, we have spent about $19 million on programming costs in the TV investment. We've said, given the programming being successful, we could ramp up to $80 million to $100 million a year on programming spend, and then that will get amortized through the P&L over the curve. But from an investment standpoint, as Brian talked about the interactive gaming really with EA, really at those lower levels now.
Thomas Russo - Gardner, Russo & Gardner: The EA investment, one of the things investors read about is the sagging fortunes of EA, and I'm wondering how does that effect the commitment that they have to support the joint venture, and then, also, the effect of this with which we go to market with your products, if we read the headlines that EA itself be flagging?
Brian Goldner: What's really happening in the industry, if you think about it, you're trading out a lot of console games, which were being sold at roughly $50 with a lot of online games and iPhone games and absent things that are sold at $3, $4 or $5. So I think what you are really seeing are the number of units that you need to sell in order to make up those kind of revenues are pretty significant. It's not unlike where we were back in 2000, 2001 where we were starting to focus on our core brands and the big initiatives, while some of our licensed business was falling away, and it took us a couple of years to get our top line revenues to grow. I think that that's in essence where EA is as they make this major secular shift.
Thomas Russo - Gardner, Russo & Gardner: Thank you. And then Debbie, just a quick question for you. The decision to stop selling receivables forward, what exactly did that trigger from and is that the practice that you'll abide with going forward long-term do you think?
Deb Thomas: I think some of the regulations around at new accounting rules and the increasing costs that some of the banks have to capitalize it now have just made it not as advantageous as it was to us in the past. So we haven't securitized receivables since the second quarter of last year, and our expectation is that we would not use that as much in the future going forward. We go through 2011 with our current agreement. So we have the ability to tap into that, but we've not needed to.
Thomas Russo - Gardner, Russo & Gardner: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tim Conder at Wells Fargo.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: Thank you and congratulations also on continued great execution. Just a few here, several of them clarifications. Number one, on the royalty advance, Deb, it sounds like you're going to have two royalty advances of $25 million here in the year, did I catch that correctly?
Deb Thomas: We had already paid one and the next one is due in the fourth quarter of 2010.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: I thought those were is like $25 million a year in each of the first five year?
Deb Thomas: We actually paid our first $25 million at the end of last year.
Brian Goldner: Yes, $25 million a year for five years, and then it gets spread over 10 years of sales.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: So again, you only have one $25 million this year in the fourth quarter?
Deb Thomas: That's correct.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: I misinterpreted something. Thank you. And then on the Studios, you mentioned that year-to-date you have $19 million of expenditures for the studio. How much in 2010 do you expect to capitalize and then amortize over the terms of the way to programming?
Deb Thomas: Well, we actually have $19 million of cash payments that we made so far, so that's all up on the balance sheet right now. We do not expect a significant amount of cost to roll-through in 2010, as we launch 10/10. We only have the last quarter where we start to air the programming, but we'll do it, we'll expense what's up on the balance sheet as the programs air.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: But in total, you have $19 million now. By the balance of the year, we're looking 25, 30ish and then as you've all said many times that probably ramping at most up to $80 million to $100 million depending on what's justifiable. But for this year, what would be a ballpark range I guess that we should target that would be capitalized in 2010 and then amortized going forward?
Brian Goldner: Tim, we've said that there are seven TV series. We've also said we have about 300 episodes in production, and we probably won't give you a specific number. Obviously, it's going to be a bit of timing about where we are, but thus far, certainly we can tell you that $19 million has been put up on the balance sheet.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: Then I apologize if I missed it, but did you update us or reiterate your guidance on THE HUB for this year is the $0.25 to $0.30 loss per share?
Deb Thomas: We didn't, and if I didn't I apologize for not doing that but we do continue to expect that to be a level of dilution impacting the share.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: And then regarding your revenue and EPS guidance, maybe to revisit an earlier question, back in February at the Analyst Meeting you've said if conditions at that point in time with the consumer and everything and currencies hold, you expect it to be up. Then in April on your last call you said the same thing. You said the same thing again today. But sequentially, the currencies and especially the largest one the euro has been down, and granted that euros rebounded somewhat of late here. But can you help us how you're sustaining that guidance? Is it some of the other areas or the parts of that equation better than expected, or maybe just give us a little more color?
Deb Thomas: Well, I think that one of the things that we benefit from and we tried to give some color on the different currencies, and put a little bit of more context in the major currencies that impacted while we're significantly impacted by the euro and the euro has gone down, and then recently it's gone back up again. So it's been very volatile. Currencies like the Mexican peso and the Canadian dollar have strengthened. So we've got currencies really going in multiple directions. So currency isn't going to be the tailwind we thought it was going to be, it's really more of a headwind and we'll watch it. But at current levels, we continue to believe given the mix of where our revenues lie and the fact that some go up and some go down that we can reiterate our guidance.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: And then finally, if I may, Brian or David, you commented on the concern being the container shortage and the competitor commented on that on Friday. How concerned are you? Do you feel you can fairly well manage through that, or is this a really significant issue you're starting to maybe loose a little sleep over? I guess, this is the same question obviously for your competitor?
David Hargreaves: Yes. No I mean, you are reading about it in the newspaper, which is why I boarded up, but I think given what we've done thus far to secure additional containers and shipping capacity, and we are clearly working with the retailers to say, you need to not leave it all to the last minute. You need to sort of come during the third quarter, and maybe put a little bit ahead than you otherwise would have. I think, they're ready, they understand the situation, they import a lot themselves in terms of their own label and non-toy product. I think given what we've done and given working together with the retailers, we do not anticipate that this is a material issue.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo: Great, thank you all again.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tony Gikas at Piper Jaffray.
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Hi, good morning, guys. A couple of questions here as well, David and Deb, you've given us some good data points in the past as far as how accretive you expect THE HUB to be next year. Have any of those data points changed? Do you still accept, expecting some more levels of accretion in calendar ‘011? Do you have any update for us on the changes to the subs? I don't know what the carriage is going to be when there is a transfer, when THE HUB goes live, I don't know if you can help us there. Also, any price increases that you are expecting to implement here in the fall? Then my last question would be actually two follow-ups. TOY STORY product sales, so far this summer, maybe just a quick comment there. And then on the TRANSFORMERS, you may have said this before, for the movie that's coming out in 2011, is it the same cast or is there any changes to the key cast members?
Brian Goldner: So I'll start with the last one first, which is there has been one change and we have one new lead. Megan Fox is no longer in the movie and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is in the movie as Sam's love interest. That maybe the easy question. The question about THE HUB and distribution, we've made a couple of moves. We'll be launching around 60 million homes. We've added to that an effort to ensure that we have an HD channel at launch as well which will be within the HD Universe. Deb, you want to talk about it?
Deb Thomas: I'll take the one financial question. We do continue to expect that the venture will be accretive in 2011.
David Hargreaves: So we are not really anticipating any price increases in the back half of this year. I think, as Deb said on the call, commodity costs, the way we look in our prices we're not subject to short-term movements in commodity costs through our vendors. But in addition, some of the increases which we saw in the first quarter and we're certainly ahead of what we had expected has started to abate. In fact, a number of resins and paperboard were actually sequentially down in the second quarter versus the first quarter.
Brian Goldner: The last part of the question, I think you asked was that TOY STORY 3?
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Correct.
Brian Goldner: Our sales have been very good. I mean, it was a great movie and our sales have been good. Obviously, we don't have the bulk of the license rights. We have MR. and MRS. POTATO HEAD as was well as co-branded games like OPERATION in our Space Shooters Game. But the products that we do have, have been selling very well, and there is lot of innovation in our line, and we feel very good about TOY STORY.
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jim Chartier at Monness Crespi Hardt.
Jim Chartier - Monness Crespi Hardt: Good morning. Two questions. First, TRANSFORMERES, are you seeing a bigger decline now than you had originally expected at the beginning of the year?
Brian Goldner: TRANSFORMERS is not uncharacteristically down. What I talked about is there are expectations for a non-movie year coming off of a movie year. We have certain benchmarks around that. Obviously, without the TV series and support of the brand, we're seeing that typical type of decline. We believe once we have the TV on the air for the most part in late ‘10 and ‘11, we'll get the support of television, because we know that television does drive toys and games sales, and it does so around the world.
Jim Chartier - Monness Crespi Hardt: And then the second question on advertising. In the past, you've kind of indicated that as, royalties decline as a percentage of sales given at the movies or the advertising itself. Advertising and promotions for you typically would then kind of pick up, and the sum of royalties and advertising as a percentage of sales kind of remain relatively constant over time. So in second quarter, we saw those two things have about 300 basis points decline. So is there a shift in your marketing dollars towards the second half of the year, or anything going that would drive that?
Brian Goldner: I think for this year, you'll see a pretty normalized rate on advertising because again the channel doesn't launch till 10/10/10 and so you're not really getting the benefit of the additional television except late in the fourth quarter this year a bit. So for the most part, we're going to be spending on advertising. The royalties are down as we drive more of our business with our own core brands and do so globally. We have less licenses. I believe we have in top 10 brands, two licenses within the top 10 brands of the company this year. So as we've said, it's going to be that breadth of our portfolio that we feel very strongly about, really amazing array of world-class brands being driven by a great team that will deliver growth in revenues and EPS this year.
Jim Chartier - Monness Crespi Hardt: Great, thanks.
Operator: And the final question today will come from John Taylor at Arcadia Investment Corporation
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Morning. I've got a couple of product questions I guess. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the growth you're seeing in Magic. What's driving that? You're calling that out as one of the key drivers. So is there a change in channels? You're going international with it, maybe talk a little bit about that trend. I wonder if you could also expand a little bit on the growth on PLAYSKOOL.
Brian Goldner: David will talk about the sales in Magic in a second. But just to talk about the core brand reinvention, a couple of years ago, we changed the management team. We have great leadership out on the West Coast. The team had really re-thought that business entirely, really went back out after a trial mechanism in getting young people and people who may have lapsed as users to get back into the brand. They really reinvented the entire play pattern in many ways, but kept the things that were always important to the core player and to the fan. The fruits of that effort are starting to come to be borne out, both in the analog card business as well as the digital business. So I really compliment the team for their efforts in – this is a true case of brand reinvention, re-imagination, all yet keeping the core methodology very consistent for that core fan. Dave, you want to talk about sale?
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Before Dave goes, I wonder if I could get you to expand on the digital versus analog thing there. Are you using the digital as much of a revenue generator? If so, is that a key growth driver or is that mostly more marketing-type thing?
Brian Goldner: No. It's a for-sales product. You can build your hand, your deck online. You can buy and you are buying. People are buying digital objects, which are the cards. You have the opportunity if you want to turn those digital objects into analog cards and have your deck delivered to you, but it's really both in terms of growth and usage. Certainly, quantitatively, there is still more business in the analog card business, although digital has grown as has analog. It's a bit of a difference; you're seeing more new users using the analog or paper-based cards whereas you tend to see more lapsed users who have moved away from their friends, they've set up their own lives and they are now reengaging with other lapsed Magic players online because of course, digital helps you to span those distances between friends.
David Hargreaves: I've not got much to add rather than Magic is very successful on Xbox LIVE Arcade, which is clearly the number one online video game platform at the moment. I think Magic is like number three in terms of their downloadable games. They got over 300 different downloadable games and I think Magic is currently ranked No. 3. So that's introducing new people to the Magic brand who have been going out buying the cards as well.
Brian Goldner: And sales by region.
David Hargreaves: Sales by region, Magic is actually doing well globally, having a resurgence globally.
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Good evening. Any comments on what's really driving the Preschool business by product or region or whatever?
Brian Goldner: The PLAYSKOOL business and overall Preschool are both up significantly. It really has to do with a lot of new initiatives in the PLAY-DOH business and TONKA Preschool business in PLAYSKOOL. It is both domestic as well as internationally growing in emerging markets as well as mature markets. It's a concerted effort on behalf of the team that is doing a very good job. We're just in the early stages of unlocking the potential of that brand.
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Great, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ms. Hancock, I'd like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Allen. We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay of our call will be available on our Web site in approximately two hours. Additionally, to ensure that you heard all of the remarks from management today, those management remarks will be posted on our Web site as well immediately following this call. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Warren - Senior Vice President Investor Relations Brian Goldner - President and Chief Executive Officer David Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer Deb Thomas - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sean McGowan – Needham & Co. Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus Tim Conder – Wells Fargo Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities John Taylor – Arcadia  Robert Carroll – UBS Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to Hasbro’s First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. With us today from the company is Karen Warren, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Karen Warren: Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer, David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. To better understand our results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at Hasbro.com. We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. During the call this morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question and answer session that follow, members of Hasbro management may make forward looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for future financial performance in achieving our objectives. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experiences to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner.  
Brian Goldner: The Hasbro team globally continued to execute our strategy well and we delivered a strong first quarter performance. Hasbro grew its business across all our major product categories including boys, games and puzzles, girls, and preschool. We grew revenues in the US and Canada segment and across all regions of the international segment, including Europe, Mexico and Latin America and Asia/Pacific. As we look at Hasbro’s mega brand performance; Littlest Pet Shop, Monopoly, Magic the Gathering, Nerf, and Playskool all grew in the quarter. In addition, Baby Alive, Play-doh, Tonka, FurReal Friends, and Super Soaker were all up versus a year ago. The Iron Man brand also contributed to the growth in our global boys business in the quarter. We are excited for the opening of Iron Man 2 scheduled for May 7th. In February, we shared with you that in order grow our business in 2010 we needed to deliver growth across our portfolio of brands. The first quarter is a good first step toward that end. The comparisons in the second quarter become more of a challenge as we anniversary the movie ship ins for both Transformers and G.I. Joe in 2009. Foreign currency trends have also become less of a tailwind than we initially anticipated for the year. Having said this, we continue to believe we should be able to grow revenues and earnings per share for the full year 2010, including the dilution from our television investments and absent a further deterioration in the value of foreign currencies, consumer spending, or global economic conditions. Next, we will execute our global strategy as we continue to transform Hasbro into a branded play company. Our entertainment initiatives remain on track. Transformers 3 is scheduled for release on July 1, 2011. Frances McDormand and John Malkovich have been added to the already great cast. Stretch Armstrong is slated for summer 2012 staring Taylor Lautner and its being filmed in 3-D. Battleship is planned for May 25, 2012 and will be production shortly. Taylor Kitsch, who stared in the television series Friday Night Lights, as well as in Marvel’s Wolverine, is our lead for Battleship. In support of our television initiatives, Hasbro studios continues to ramp up development and production in line with our plans. The team currently has 317 half hours of programming in development and production for distribution to The Hub network and international markets. We are delighted with the talent on board at the studio and all key roles are filled with the most recent addition being Finn Arnesen. Finn joins Hasbro Studios from Cartoon Network in Europe and will be Senior Vice President International Distribution and Development, charged with selling Hasbro Studios programming in all key markets around the world. The Hub, our joint venture children’s television network with Discovery Communications, will be launching on 10/10/10. Margaret Loesch and her team have been meeting with potential advertisers over the past several weeks and the reception has been very positive. The Hub will feature a number of day parts targeting preschool and kids during the day and in the evening will offer families an opportunity to enjoy television together. We will provide more details on Hasbro Studios productions and the launch of The Hub in the coming weeks. In 2010 we are driving strong innovation, creating immersive experiences and expanding internationally. As in every year, we are focused on delivering growth across our business while unlocking the potential of our brands geographically as well as across platforms.  You’ve heard me say this before but it stands repeating. Not every brand should be supported by a motion picture but every Hasbro brand must be regularly re-imagined. This concept is central to our success this year and every year as we execute our strategy across our business. We have the tools in place to accomplish our long term objective of re-imagining, re-inventing, and re-igniting our brands, of creating immersive experiences and of growing our business in the emerging markets. With these tools and strong execution from the Hasbro team globally we believe we can grow our business in 2010 and in the years to come. With that I’ll turn the call over to Deb.
Deb Thomas: We are pleased with the strength of our first quarter results which reflect momentum we carried forward into 2010 and an improved consumer and retail environment versus the first quarter 2009. Our business grew in all major geographies and product categories. For the first quarter 2010 worldwide net revenues of $672.4 million grew 8% compared to $621.3 million last year. Excluding the $20.4 million positive impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 5% for 2009. Operating profit increased 68% to $69.3 million versus $41.2 million a year ago.  Looking at our segments in the first quarter 2010 the US and Canada segment net revenues were $424.7 million an increase of 5% compared with $404.5 million last year. The segment benefited from growth in the preschool, girls, and games and puzzles categories. US and Canada operating profit for the quarter was $61.1 million or 14.4% of revenues, compared to $41.6 million or 10.3% of revenues last year. The year over year improvement is primarily due to increased volume, lower amortization and royalty expenses, as well as continued improved leverage and product development, advertising, and SD&A costs. Net revenues in the international segment increased 17% to $221.7 million compared to $189.2 million a year ago. Absent a positive foreign exchange impact of $16.3 million, net revenues grew 9%. The segment experienced growth in major product category and grew in all regions. The international segment reported an operating loss of $2.4 million compared to an operating loss of $14.5 million last year. The year over year improvement was the result of the mix of products sold, lower amortization expense and leverage in operating expenses. The entertainment and licensing segment net revenues were $25.1 million compared to $27.2 million a year ago a decrease of 8%. This is primarily due to lower revenues in digital gaming. The entertainment and licensing segment reported operating profit of $9.4 million compared to $13.6 million last year, reflecting the reduction in revenues as well as costs for Hasbro Studios which we did not have in the prior year. Now let’s look at earnings. For the quarter, we reported net earnings of $58.9 million of $0.40 per diluted share compared to $19.7 million or $0.14 per diluted share a year ago. Net earnings for the first quarter 2010 include a favorable tax adjustment of $21.2 million or $0.14 per diluted share. This relates to previously unrecognized tax benefits and other adjustments resulting from the completion of a tax audit. Excluding this favorable adjustment, net earnings for the quarter were $37.7 million or $0.26 per diluted share. Additionally, the first quarter 2010 includes a -$0.04 per share impact from our television investments. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization were $100.3 million compared to $73.4 million a year ago. Cost of sales in the quarter was $262.7 million or 39.1% of revenues versus $244.8 million or 39.4% of revenues in 2009.  In today’s earnings press release we’ve changed the presentation of our statement of operations. Hasbro’s business continues to evolve as we move forward with revenues and expenses related to our entertainment efforts in both television and movies. As a result, we will now publish our financials similar to many other companies and no longer include a gross profit line on our P&L. The remainder of the P&L is unchanged and cost of sales will continue to be available to you for your calculations. Moving to expenses, operating margin improved to 10.3% from 6.6% last year primarily due to lower royalties and amortization as well as improved leverage in major expense areas including product development and SD&A. In the quarter we continued investing in our business including our television initiative, growing our presence in emerging markets, as well as marketing and advertising our products. Below the operating profit line, interest expense increased by $7.1 million to $16.8 million due to the debt offering completed in 2009 related to our joint venture with Discovery as well as the offering we completed in the first quarter 2010. Other income net totaled $1.7 million compared to an expense of $2.9 million a year ago. The first quarter 2010 includes income of $500,000 representing our 50% share of the earnings in the joint venture with Discovery. Excluding the favorable tax adjustment in the first quarter 2010 our underlying tax rate was 29% essentially flat with last year’s underlying tax rate of 29.1%. Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end cash totaled $1.3 billion compared to $590.4 million a year ago. Operating cash flow in the first quarter was $265.1 million. In the last 12 months we raised $925 million through two debt offerings. We also made significant investments in our business including spending $300 million for our 50% investment in the joint venture with Discovery, $45 million to extend our agreement with Lucas and $25 million in royalty advances to the joint venture network. Additionally, in the first quarter we announced a 25% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.25 per common share, an increase of $0.05 per share per quarter. In the first quarter we also repurchased 2.8 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $97.7 million at an average share price of $35.35 per share. As we announced today, the Board has authorized an additional $625 million for use in our common stock buyback program. On March 29th we called our outstanding 2 3/4% convertible debt. As a result of calling this debt, we reclassified the convertible debt from long term to current. During the first quarter, holders converted $111.2 million of the diventures into 5.1 million shares of stock and we anticipate the remaining $138.7 million of diventures will be converted into 6.4 million shares in the second quarter. The proceeds of our first quarter $500 million debt offering are primarily going to repurchase and retire into treasury an equivalent number of shares resulting from the conversion of these diventures. As a result of our decision to redeem these bonds, we’re not able to be in the market repurchasing share until after the redemption is complete. Following the redemption and subject to market conditions we plan to continue to repurchase and retire shares. The quality of our receivables portfolio remains good and receivables at quarter end were $526 million up $161 million from $365 million last year. In the first quarter 2010 we did not utilize our securitization facility. However, in the first quarter 2009 we securitized $100 million of receivables. As we mentioned during our year end earnings conference call, given the changing environment in government regulations impacting the securitization market, it’s likely we will not securitize receivables as actively in the future. Absent the impact of securitization in 2009 DSOs increased three days to 70 days due primarily to higher sales in markets that have longer terms. Inventories were $226.8 million in the quarter compared to $295.2 million a year ago. In closing, we began 2010 in a strong financial position. We will continue to closely manage our costs while making strategic investments in our business. As we go forward in 2010 we believe currency will be less of a tailwind than we originally anticipated but given the strength of our business, as Brian stated, we continue to believe we should be able to grow revenues and earnings per share for the full year 2010, including the dilution from our television investments and absent a further deterioration and the value of foreign currencies, consumer spending, or global economic conditions. That concludes our prepared remarks. Brian, David and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.:   The royalties, why do you think the percentage was down versus last year so much?
Brian Goldner: We have less entertainment related to motion pictures where we’re paying royalty on Transformers or G.I. Joe.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: But you would have had Iron Man in the quarter, right?
Brian Goldner: Yes, but not the same there as well you would pay a royalty on other licensed properties.
David Hargreaves: If you remember last year we said in the first quarter that we had been settling some royalty audit issues that we had regarding the Lucas license which went back a number of years. I think we said at that time there was a relatively small charge related to settling royalty audits at that time.
Brian Goldner: We extended our rights with Lucas for two more years as well.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: Just to clarify the guidance, looking for Op EPS that does not include the $0.14 tax adjustment is that right?
Brian Goldner: That’s correct.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: I wanted to dig a little deeper on the accounts receivable this is basically just because of lack of securitization?
Deb Thomas: That’s a large portion of it. Last year we had securitized $100 million and this year we did not securitize anything in the quarter.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: Were there any other factors that contributed to the increase in relationship to sales?
Deb Thomas: Just the increased revenue as well, in addition, from a DSO standpoint, as we were gaining higher revenues from our newer operations and geographies like Brazil they have somewhat longer terms than other geographies.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: Is your expectation for the impact of all the cable activities that you would still expect the full year to be I think you were saying like $0.25 negative impact for the year?
Brian Goldner: We had a range that was a range of $0.25 to $0.30 in the year.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: That’s unchanged?
Brian Goldner: That’s unchanged.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: I want to make sure I understand this. The $500,000 other income in the quarter, that suggests that The Hub is profitable, that’s a little surprising to me just because The Hub itself is incurring some expense. I know that a lot of the expenses that are on Hasbro’s P&L but is that something that we should expect each quarter?
David Hargreaves: When we made the investment we said that the channel itself, Discovery Kids was profitable, Discovery Kids today and is still profitable. I think what we said this year is that the biggest expenses which will be incurred relate to re-branding and re-launching, there will be a lot of marketing expenditure going on really probably during the starting towards the end of the second and going through the third and fourth quarters. That will really ramp up and whilst Discovery Kids has always been profitable, it was profitable in the first quarter, we anticipate it will be profitable going forward in the third and fourth quarters this year in particular, it may not be because re-launch and re-branding expenditure.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: I just thought maybe some additional staff or something that would have eaten up the profitability in the first quarter. My last question is simply if you could try to give us some color on just how tough a comparison the second quarter is and what we ought to be looking for there?
Brian Goldner: A year ago obviously we had two major motion pictures we were gearing up for in Transformers and G.I. Joe. We are obviously gearing up for, have already begun shipping Iron Man in the first quarter. Very excited about Iron Man, all the indications are very positive. Again, we have a number of Hasbro’s brands are owned and operated brands that are performing very well across the portfolio from Nerf to FurReal, and in our girls business and preschool business. Not dependent on entertainment as we said, we were going to have and create immersive experiences across a number of our own brands and those are being born out. We just want to make sure we remembered collectively that second quarter would be our toughest comps for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup
Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup: Can you give us a little bit of color on inventory levels and how the buyers are thinking about maybe increasing those over the next few quarters, did they go too low or they pretty okay with those levels right now?
Brian Goldner: If you look at point of sale through the first quarter and year to date our POS increases are in line with the increase we’re seeing in our business. Again, I would say that we’re continuing to drive innovative product, the consumer take away is very positive and our shipments are consistent with that.
Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup: Maybe talk a little bit on the cost environment, particularly on the gross margin line and just with some of the headwinds in the second half of the year, how you’re managing through those and how you think the impact will be and maybe also just if you expect to see some pricing passed on to the retailers?
David Hargreaves: Clearly when we spoke at our analyst meeting in November and again in February we clearly said we expected most costs to be trending up. At this stage does it look like they could trend up a little bit more than we anticipated? Certainly on paper and board at the moment partly because of the Chilean capacity situation. We have seen a pretty significant spike in paperboard costs. At this stage I wouldn’t say that resins or electric components or Chinese labor is materially different to what we expected. I think we’ve said many times before that we are to some extent isolated from rising commodity costs because just about everything we buy out of the orient comes from third party vendors, we don’t have our own facilities. The way we get our vendors to quote a price is they competitively bid amongst our people but once they’ve won the business or won a product line essentially they have to live with that price. Clearly in truly exceptional circumstances like the fourth quarter ’07 and into early ’08 when commodities went up very dramatically we had to go back and revisit that. In general, the first increases in commodity costs at any given year will be absorbed by our vendors. Indeed we’re working very hard to help them be more profitable businesses growing, we’re giving them more work, and we’re level loading them. They can absorb a bit of this without losing money on our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray
Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray: Could you talk a little bit about the inventory levels on an international basis, international revenues were very strong in the quarter; some of your competition has been talking about the same? Are they taking more product than they are domestically as a follow up on the last question? Second, could you maybe talk a little bit about trends of ad revenues and what you’re seeing and your thoughts for The Hub once that gets launched?  Third, on the digital gaming piece the current video game cycle peaked back in 2008, what are your thoughts on the trends for this year and has Electronic Arts changed the lineup at all? I know they have cut their sku plan in half for this next year relative to two years ago, so over a two year period they’ve cut their sku plan in half. Have you been affected by that at all?
David Hargreaves: I’ll take the first question with regards inventories internationally. I think probably a lot of international retailers had actually more aggressive goals in cutting inventory last year than did the US. I think they probably started with a bit less and therefore as economies start to recovery I do get a sense that international retailers in particular are willing to open the spigot a little bit and to take a bit more in. That doesn’t mean it’s a material change but it seems to be a bit of a change. The other reason why our international revenues grew a bit more is we clearly did get a little bit of help from FX and of course we had this pretty aggressive investment we’re making in emerging markets. We would expect to see higher growth rates international because of the investments we’re making in companies like Brazil and Peru and Czech Republic and China.
Brian Goldner: On the question about advertising revenue, the feedback thus far from consumers at large as well as advertising agencies and potential advertising clients to The Hub network has all been very positive and they see a great opportunity in the marketplace, a great gap in the marketplace for a network that focuses on kids and their families. Margaret is out meeting with potential advertisers, we will make more formal announcements about our lineup and programming and schedule in the next four to five weeks and then we’ll be able to come back to you with what our schedule looks like, she’s going to lead that process. Again, the feedback has been very positive overall. I would sense both from our own plans as well as our sense in the market is that people do want to advertise and market their products that consumers are very brand centric, would like to purchase brands and innovative products and brands like Hasbro’s brands are being met with great reception in the marketplace. On the third question, on digital gaming, I think what you’re seeing overall is a shifting out year on year in our business and overall where you may have a bit less in console gaming but you’re getting more in online gaming, on mobile gaming, on iPhones and now the iPad. The absolute dollars or the ticket is changing. Console game is one price point and online game or and iPhone app is a different price point so you’re selling more items at a different price point. It’s really heartening to see that brands like Family Game Night was named as a favorite game for families, as number one game for families during the Xbox Live Arcade awards.  As you look at Xbox Live Arcade if you look at Scrabble on the iPad it’s one of the top apps already on the iPad. It’s a matter of activating brands across a number of different platforms of providing those immersive experiences and I think you’re seeing that overall shift in the marketplace where there’s a combination of console game sales this year for our products like Transformers has a new product coming out called Transformers: War for Cybertron in June which is from Activision in a non-movie year it’s a great game and great expectations there. Also a lot more in online, a lot more in mobile and iPhone and those games don’t carry the same purchase price as do console games.
Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray: Has the sku plan changed at all with EA?
Brian Goldner: The sku plan has been pretty aggressive. In fact we continue to see aggressive plans from EA, our brands performed exceedingly well in the casual gaming space and across platforms so I would say their focus continues to be on Hasbro brands as a killer app in the casual gaming space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: Perhaps you can discuss a little bit the components of gross margin. You talked a little bit about inputs but also sales average, price increases, mix, how all those played out in the quarter.
Deb Thomas: I think David touched on the cost components a little bit so I think we’ve talked about this. Really as we look at that we’ve continued to say that from a foreign currency standpoint we hedge foreign currencies with respect to our inventory product purchases so we continue to have the benefit of that program in having laid that out over multiple year strategy. With respect to mix, we saw some very good growth in the quarter in our core brands and in particular those brands are profitable and contributed a great deal in volume and much of that passed through. The other thing that’s not really in the cost category but we benefited from in the quarter and we’ve told people is that our amortization expense is continuing to decline as our Wizards of the Coast amortizations is starting to roll off in the quarter.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: With relatively flat gross margins year over year what might have been holding you back on the gross margin side a little bit?
Deb Thomas: From a mix standpoint we’ve managed to continue to hold our costs and as a percentage of revenue we’ve had more revenue flowing through to the bottom line. I’m not quite sure what the question is. We tend to see a little bit more of the impact on the royalty line and you can see that increase on lower royalties this year.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: On your sales growth in international, perhaps you can give us some information as how much of that growth came from these new geographies that you’ve opened up in the last couple years?
David Hargreaves: I think clearly we have higher rates of growth in these emerging geographies but from a fairly low base. Of our total growth I’m not sure I have the number in front of me. I think probably still most of it still came from the larger Western European, Australia, and New Zealand mature markets.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: On preschool, what’s driving your growth there, I guess you don’t have the Rose Petal Cottage anymore so pretty good growth in preschool, what’s driving that?
David Goldner: It’s in our Playskool business; it’s in our Play-doh business and the Tonka Preschool business, across a number of different product categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: Two consecutive quarters of revenue growth for games and puzzles can you talk about the retail inventories going into the quarter and how you’re going about shelf space?
David Goldner: We feel very good about innovation in the products and retail take away. The promotion around Family Game Night has been extremely effective and that continues, in fact now is a full year program for 2010, a number of countries around the world executing a version of Family Game Night. We see a lot of new innovations coming not only early in the year but throughout the year in our games business both in our global core brands like Monopoly as well as a number of other Challenger brands through the games business. Feel very good about what we’re seeing there, our retail support and the consumer take away.
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: Shifting gears to the Discovery dilution, I think you said it was $0.04 in the quarter. Can you talk about or break down what the components of that were and as you look out through the balance of the year are we likely to see something similar as you trend towards the re-launch of the network?
Deb Thomas: Actually you are correct; it was $0.04 in the quarter. Really the majority of it in this quarter is really arising from the interest expense and the debt we incurred in connection with it. As we trend out to the latter part of the year we also have some impact with the hires we’ve made but as David mentioned earlier as we get closer to the launch those costs will become the re-branding and the re-launching of the network those costs will become a much greater component of the dilution.
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: Remind me again, that’s reported as cost of sales?
Deb Thomas: No, to the extent that those costs are incurred by the network itself that’ll be in other income and expense and to the extent that we incur them they’ll be throughout the P&L.
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: I also wanted to ask about the performance of the international subsidiaries you guys opened back in 2008. Are those contributing to profits yet or is the expectation that they will be profitable by 2010?
David Hargreaves: I think it’s a bit mixed. There are certainly some markets in Eastern Europe but we’re making pretty good operating margins on. Some of the bigger markets where we’re having to invest and we’re spending very high AQS rates at moment trying and build market share. Certainly Brazil and China we’re much closer to break even at the moment, maybe losing a little bit in Brazil but we do anticipate that certainly by 2012 these markets will start to show positive operating margin, at the corporate wide average. 
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: What was the CapEx in the quarter?
David Hargreaves: $20 million
Brian Goldner: One more thing I should mention as I look at the array of games that are selling well I think the Wizards of the Coast folks certainly deserve a shout out for their effort and really Magic the Gathering is performing exceedingly well both as the analog paper based game as well as online.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Conder – Wells Fargo
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: Can you give us a little more color on the level of Iron Man 2 shipments in the quarter and how much of that went against Transformers in the quarter a year ago? Obviously Iron Man’s not, as you’ve already alluded to is not going to offset the comparable Transformers and G.I. Joe comp in the second quarter but just maybe a little color on the comparables there?
Brian Goldner: The boys business grew 3% globally and really we’re heartened to see certainly Iron Man contributed as we indicated. As you see brands like Nerf that are growing dramatically, domestically, as well as in international market, as we’ve done a lot of work around consumer insights as we understand the universal truths about Nerf.  There’s a brand that’s really contributing to our boys business that is our owned and operated brand, high operating profit margins and as we grow those businesses, as we indicated, those are the kinds of businesses that allow us to amortize our expenses in R&D and marketing and drive the kinds of operating returns that we’re seeing in the quarter. Though really while Iron Man contributed in the quarter we’re also seeing our owned and operated Nerf business, Tonka business and other boys businesses contributing as well.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: Clearly the broad portfolio contribution was very notable. As it relates to your comments regarding second quarter being a tough quarter which I think everybody realizes that. How would you put that in context and I think David you’d even alluded on the fourth quarter call or at one of the analyst presentations about the first half of the year especially may not be up or would be kind of challenging. Do you expect the first half of the year to be up in general in revenues and EPS in the context of your full year guidance?
Brian Goldner: I think that we performed very well in the first quarter and have certainly performed at the high end of our sense of range of what we wanted to achieve in the first quarter, we certainly came out with the kind of momentum. I’m not going to comment on first half performance overall but certainly with the POS gains that we’ve had in the first quarter with the revenue results, with the operating profit results you’ve seen in the first quarter our reiterating our broad guidance for the year is easier to do.  I think that we again we would reiterate our guidance for the year that we believe we’ll grow revenues and EPS baring any further deteriorations in certain key indices. Overall I think it’s easier for us to say that today than it was 90 days ago.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: What would you anticipate the ongoing effective tax rate to be here and then any color on CapEx for the full year?
Deb Thomas: I think we’d expect the underlying tax rate to be similar to what we talked about in February at 29% on the full year, similar to last year. With respect to CapEx I think we said at that time too we expect it to be around $100 million for the full year.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: Are you saying, just to clarify the POS internationally in the first quarter it was continuing to go well it sounded like but your shipments are growing a little bit faster than POS because of maybe they’ve taken their inventories down a little too excessively in ’09?
Brian Goldner: We’re seeing different rates of increases. Certainly in the emerging markets are the highest percentage gains followed by more Eastern European then mature markets. In terms of inventories...
David Hargreaves: I would say our POS during the first quarter in most international markets exceeded the growth of shipping. I think a comment about retailers being a bit less inventory adverse is more of a general comment which probably bodes quite well for the balance of the year. The perception is with the economic recovery is more real and I think retailers and people that control the inventory are loosening up a bit. I don’t think, in fact I know certainly in most markets our POS growth exceeded our shipping growth.
Brian Goldner: I think the other trend that’s out there given still coming out this recessionary environment is that consumers really have continued to gravitate even more toward brands. As Hasbro’s been able to offer innovation in its brands and continue to offer great products and innovative products that are at a value price point we’ve been a beneficiary of consumers interest, given they have limited or more limited discretionary dollars over the last bit of time and coming out of that they certainly would prefer to be buying branded products, products they know, products that provide great play experiences and then the willingness to go with us across a number of platforms and pay for those immersive experiences. That’s all part of what we are seeing at retail and from retailers.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: To what you’re saying, even versus other branded consumer staples it appears that yourselves and maybe some of your other competitors have a better position because your products aren’t as spongeable as some as some other people’s products.
Brian Goldner: I think for young people and their families they understand our games, they understand our toy brands, they are enjoying those, they have shared those for generations. We continue to put innovation and re-imagining those products and so in this environment we’re offering consumers the opportunity to participate in immersive play and we’re providing those immersive play experiences and the consumer is benefiting from the innovation and at a value oriented price.
Deb Thomas: Before we move on I just wanted to correct one thing. We looked at our estimates for CapEx this year and I think we’re going to be closer to $120 million than $100 million this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: On the boys toys, how much of the reduction in royalties might be attributable to any kind of weakness in Star Wars? Second, can you give us an update maybe on the Transformers, your expectation for Transformers year two, vis-à-vis the 2007-2008 periods?
Brian Goldner: I think that David touched on earlier; Star Wars royalties were really down mostly because of a payment we made a year ago to extend our rights for two more years. We’re seeing good sell through on Star Wars, we continue to see good sell through on Transformers. Clearly Transformers is coming off a movie year so it won’t perform like it did a year ago.  Overall as you can see the combination of motion picture related properties later this fall, some of those properties are going to be beneficiaries of television support certainly the Marvel properties, Star Wars properties in the third quarter, the third season of Clone Wars kicks in. Marvel properties supported by television as will Transformers be supported by television. It’s a good combination and then of course brands like Nerf are performing very well domestically and globally. Again, it’s more related to the royalties paid year ago related to the extension of our rights and cleaning up an audit.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: Based on what you’re seeing now is there any reason to think you’ll see a more precipitous drop in Transformers this year versus what you saw ’08 versus ’07?
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think it’s early yet to say. The overall POS is very positive so I can’t really say. For the full year I think we’ll get into the second, third quarter plans, the team has a lot of really significant marketing plans baked in for the second half of the year. They have a very focused effort and a new promotional campaign around the Hunt for the Decepticons which is a third and fourth quarter initiative. We’ll wait and see.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: Switching gears to The Hub, can you give us any sort of anecdotal information on how advertiser are responding to it, what kind of hurdles you’re facing in having these discussions for ad dollars is there any reluctance because of it’s newness or conversely are they looking at it as a fresh new opportunity?
Brian Goldner: I would say it’s more the latter. It is a fresh opportunity, I think that people are beginning to understand what we’ve been saying all along which is that we really are open for business, that Hasbro branded content will only make up one of four inputs to the overall schedule. There are other third party content providers that are creating content, there’s new content that’s being created, there’s some Discovery livery that’s there.  Then of course Hasbro branded content, the fact is we are very much open for business and historically being an advertiser we understand what advertisers are looking for in terms of promotional opportunities and marketing opportunities. The Hub stands apart from a lot of the other kids networks because we really are going to celebrate what kids and what kids and families are looking for in terms of entertainment and both consumers as well as advertisers are seeing that as unique in the marketplace, certainly something worth supporting.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: Is there any hesitance that you’re seeing any issues that you have to overcome?
Brian Goldner: It’s not unlike the conversations we’ve been having with analysts and shareholders. At first people were a bit confused maybe as to why Hasbro went and did certain things and I think we’ve made that abundantly clear as to why we went forward in a joint venture with tremendous partners at Discovery. Similarly it takes a little while to explain to people how we’re going to be launching The Hub and what The Hub will represent vis-à-vis other networks out there.  But just as there are dozens of successful networks focused on the 18 to 49 year old adult demo or the 25 to 54 adult demo, advertisers and consumers are seeing an opportunity for another network to be successful in the marketplace for kids and for families.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: On the dilution, the $0.04 dilution was largely related to interest expense in the quarter. So $0.16 of the annual dilution is interest expense the remaining $0.09 to $0.14 is that mostly third quarter, what piece of that comes in second quarter and then fourth quarter do we then expect could it be profitable?
Brian Goldner: We’ve talked about overall the dilution coming in the third and fourth quarters and being more significant as we re-launch and re-brand the channel to be The Hub network. I’m not going to go beyond that. I think Margaret, in the next several weeks will be outlining the schedule and more of a promotional plan and then I think that will become clear. We have said that the network launches on 10/10/10 and so that should give you some sense for our plans and for the timing of our expenditures.  
Operator: Your next question comes from John Taylor – Arcadia 
John Taylor – Arcadia : I wonder if you could deconstruct the other asset line, the $290 million increase there. I guess I’m looking for capitalized program development costs and stuff and what might be moving in that line?
Deb Thomas: The biggest movement in that line is really related to our investment in the joint venture with Discovery. That hit after the first quarter of last year. While we’re starting to ramp up with programming costs its not significant at this point. However, we’ve said that that expenditure could get up to $80 million over time as we develop it. That’ll start to get amortized as the programs begin to air.
John Taylor – Arcadia : It doesn’t feel material right now yet?
Deb Thomas: No, it’s not material.
John Taylor – Arcadia : I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the timing of royalty payments and so on. You had no doubt some people sort of sending some checks in late and so on. Was that any kind of an impact on the quarter?
Deb Thomas: No, not really.
John Taylor – Arcadia : In terms of the revenue growth, 12 months ago everybody was panic city and retailers were expecting double digit declines and all kinds of amazing things. How much of the revenue growth this year do you think you might characterize as sort of a re-load as opposed to better than expected demand due to momentum developed during last year, if there’s a way to do that.
Brian Goldner: The big point, the broad point that I would make is that certainly through the quarter our POS was closer to double digit growth because of a slightly earlier Easter so actually that’s one week earlier Easter really drove a lot of those POS increases. If we look year to date our POS is still mid single digits increase if you look at the flip between the two. Our shipments are not inconsistent with that, in fact fairly consistent. Probably POS leading slightly especially in international markets to our ship ins.
David Hargreaves: I think coming into this year 2010 after 2009 where we did $600 million thereabouts in Transformers and another $100 plus million in Joe people were very concerned about the delta that we had to make up. We actually I think surprised people when we said we thought we would grow revenues again this year. At that time we said there’d be lots of singles and doubles and a lot of things contributing to that. Part of that was the strength of our brands, not just Transformers and Joe but its strength of our brands across a wide range and amount of newness we had.  Part of that was we were at that time anticipating a little bit of a tailwind from currency and we certainly got that in the first quarter, if we’re going to get that for the full year, we’re not sure at this stage. Part of that was we did see some overall improvement in the economy. I think we do have a delta that everyone knew we did on Transformers and Joe and part of how you overcome that and grow our business again this year is the strength of our product line, part of it is an improving economy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Carroll – UBS
Robert Carroll – UBS: Bigger picture, as the core brands continue to expand with the addition of Nerf into the mega brand category, do we potentially see that advertising and royalty expense on a combined basis grow to beyond that 18% to 19% of revenues?
Brian Goldner: I think over time you probably see a mix out that would have it probably go down as a percent just slightly in terms of advertising. As you probably grow via television and television programming a bit more, so overall I would not say that those two numbers together would be going up appreciably but probably relatively constant in the in years and then down slightly in the out years.
Robert Carroll – UBS: Do a leverage of The Hub relationship?
Brian Goldner: The Hub is the domestic distribution outlet but as we take our programming and distribute it internationally you would then see programming around our brands hitting markets around the world as we’ve done historically for brands like Transformers so that does enable you to get the leverage off of your R&D and marketing. That’s not unlike years where we have movie years or where our partners like Lucas have new TV series you’re able to use the marketing from the television and from the promotions to offset a bit of your own A to S ratio.
Operator: Your last question comes from Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph
Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph: Could you talk a little bit about Nerf, domestic/international splits and growth in the first quarter?
Brian Goldner: In fact, Nerf has grown appreciably but both domestically as well as internationally. We are seeing and have done a lot of work around Nerf to ensure that the insight is around the product line, the permission to play and to have fun with Nerf is now in honed to be a global initiative. We are seeing the uptake in Nerf globally albeit the US business obviously is several times bigger than the international business. As a proportion it doesn’t match our historical splits of international to domestic it’s more domestically oriented still today and the growth is from both sides. I don’t think we’re going to break it out further.
Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph: Long term view any reason that you could see that split not potentially hitting historically average of the company?
Brian Goldner: No, in fact I would say that it should, I think it’s just a matter continuing to invent and innovate in the brand which we’re doing. The major segments of the brand, the N-Strike as well as the N-Force are performing very well in the first quarter. We’re seeing a lot of excitement; this is a great example of a brand that’s benefiting from a different kind of immersive experience we’ve created.  There are 45,000 videos being created by our users that are online today on YouTube, they’re creating their own virtual Nerf network online. That’s all part of the fun of playing Nerf as people like to make videos around their exploits. The promotions are working as well as a lot of the new products. The team’s done a tremendous job, we’ve elevated Nerf to be a mega brand over the past fall and we’re seeing the up tick globally.
Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph: Going back to Transformers/G.I. Joe I think in the past you’ve given a general blueprint as to revenue streams first half, second half. If you could remind us what that is, I think it was like a significant portion are still in the holiday period if that’s correct.
Brian Goldner: Yes, a significant portion would be in the holiday period for both brands even though they were motion pictures in the second quarter. The second quarter really was the movie ship in timing but still third and fourth quarter are much bigger as a proportion of total sales.
Operator: At this time I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Warren for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Warren: I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay of our call will be available on our website in approximately two hours.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Warren - Senior Vice President Investor Relations Brian Goldner - President and Chief Executive Officer David Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Deb Thomas - Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Finance
Analysts: Sean McGowan – Needham & Co. Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup Robert Carroll – UBS Tim Conder – Wells Fargo Jim Chartier – Monness Crespi Hardt Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Group Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Hasbro Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. With us today from the company is Karen Warren, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Karen Warren: Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer, David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. To better understand our results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at Hasbro.com. We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. During the call this morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question and answer session that follow, members of Hasbro management may make forward looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance in achieving our objectives. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experiences to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner.  
Brian Goldner: We’re extremely pleased with our 2009 performance that demonstrates Hasbro’s strategy is working. Across our business Hasbro employees came together to deliver our fifth consecutive year of revenue growth and our ninth consecutive year of EPS growth. These results include the dilution from our television investments and our joint venture with Discovery Communications, and the launch of Hasbro Studios. These investments are part of our strategy to invest in our business for the long term while returning cash to shareholders. We achieved these results despite challenging global economic trends. Overall in 2009 the global economic environment did not improve significantly but it also did not deteriorate further. There was a continued lower level of consumer spending and poor market conditions in countries like the UK, Spain, and Mexico. Because we stayed committed to our strategy, adapting it to best meet changing consumer spending habits, we were well positioned for when the consumer came out to shop. The consumer did come out to shop albeit it late in the fourth quarter. At the same time, 2009 was an extremely important year in the evolution of Hasbro as we endeavor to become a branded play company. Over the past 12 months we further assembled the tools we need to be successful in the execution of our strategy over the long term. First and foremost we delivered and remain committed to delivering innovative, compelling, branded products at appropriate price points, coupled with strong marketing programs. We extended key strategic licenses with our partners Marvel, and Lucas, who continue to be important contributors to our business. We announced a 10 year global strategic alliance with Sesame Workshop an extremely valuable new partner. We believe there is opportunity to grow our businesses together. We further expanded Hasbro’s presence in emerging markets through share gains in our key markets such as Brazil and China, growing our existing businesses in emerging Eastern European, Asian, and Latin American countries and establishing new offices in important geographies including Russia and Romania. As a result, we grew revenues in our emerging markets in Asia/Pacific, Latin America, and Europe, where key brands like Transformers, Nerf, Littlest Pet Shop and Play-Doh as well as games contributed to the increase in revenues. We continued the activation of our brands across platforms, growing revenues and lifestyle licensing and digital gaming and making key strides in entertainment including movies, TV and online. In the entertainment arena we partners with Discovery Communications to form a new children’s television network, The Hub, launching in the fall of this year. Simultaneously we established Hasbro Studios to develop compelling programming based on Hasbro brands. In motion pictures, with more than $1.1 billion in box office revenue between Transformers and G.I. Joe, and strong product sales in 2009, we are working with Paramount on Transformers 3 and G.I. Joe 2. In addition, we are pleased to add Sony as a studio partner as we reached an agreement to develop Risk as a major motion picture. For the full year we grew key brands including Transformers, G.I. Joe, Nerf, Littlest Pet Shop, Play-Doh, Tonka, and Magic: The Gathering. We gained share in our major markets. This quarter we included the performance of our major product categories in the press release. I will review high level points behind this performance from a total brand perspective. The total brand performance of Transformers, G.I. Joe, and Nerf delivered double digit growth in 2009 across multiple product categories. Transformers had a record year posting $592 million in revenues, a 23% increase from our last movie year in 2007. G.I. Joe recorded revenue in excess of $125 million and Nerf continued its growth, increasing 25% driven by continued growth in the US and the expansion of the brand internationally. Play-Doh and Tonka also turned in double digit growth, both growing approximately 25% in 2009. Littlest Pet Shop, our largest girl’s brand also grew in 2009.  However, as we discussed last quarter, several areas of our business were impacted by a number of high priced products not being carried forward from 2008. Both Kota and the Dream Town Rose Petal Cottage were not carried forward into the 2009 preschool line and we decided not to produce several products in the FurReal Friends line which created difficult year over year comparisons. Finally, Hasbro’s family game night campaign was embraced by our retailers and consumers around the world and drove an outstanding fourth quarter in games and puzzles. For the full year, total games and puzzles increased slightly overcoming the revenue decline in the category reported through the first nine months of the year. In addition to family game night, we grew our games business by re-imagining brands like Connect 4, Operation and Bop It, and through the creation of our new card game product line. Our digital games business grew with partner EA, Activision, and Glu Mobile. We also delivered a strong result with Magic: The Gathering trading card games. As we look back over the past 12 months we focused on our strategy, while continuing to invest in our business and developing the tools we need to be successful in the years to come. It required every member of the Hasbro team to perform at a high level and they did. As we go forward in 2010 and beyond, the strength of our brands, the growth of our business globally, including emerging markets, and a commitment to our strategy of creating fully immersive brand experiences, will continue unlocking the potential of our brands while creating long term value for our shareholders. At Hasbro we are building this value each year and over time. Before I turn the call over to Deb let me highlight some major initiatives we’re particularly excited about in 2010 and beyond. First we will continue to build on our core brand momentum globally with brands like Nerf and Littlest Pet Shop. In 2010 we’ll continue to reinvent and drive our preschool business. We are very pleased Jerry Perez has joined us to lead these efforts as we take our playschool business to the next level and begin to develop Sesame Street products for launch in 2011. In 2010 from partners Marvel and Disney Pixar, we have two major theatrical releases; Iron Man 2, and Toy Story 3. For Toy Story 3 we are rolling out a wonderful line of Mr. & Mrs. Potato Head products as well as co-branded games and puzzles. In addition, our partners as Lucasfilm will introduce Star Wars the Clone Wars for a third season this fall. For 2011 I’d expect to see Star Wars continue on television. Also for 2011 Michael Bay and Paramount are working with us on Transformers 3, expected to be released on July 1, 2011. We’re excited about two new Marvel features, Thor and Captain America the First Avenger. You may have already seen Universal Studios announcement on Battleship. We are so pleased Universal sees the same major potential in our brands as we do. Universal is investing in Battleship to make it a global summer tent pole release in 2012. Finally, as I mentioned earlier, together with Paramount we are developing the sequel to G.I. Joe. These are only a few highlights from our ongoing initiatives. We will provide more detail during our Investor Presentation and Showroom Tours on Friday of this week as Toy Fair. With that, let me now turn the call over to Deb.
Deb Thomas: I want to take a moment to tell you how pleased we are to be reporting, as we expected, higher revenue and earnings per share than we did in 2008. Our focus on core global brands, coupled with product and marketing innovation, enabled us to grow revenues in the year. As Brian said, the consumer did come out and the economy, while not fully rebounding, did not significantly deteriorate in 2009. Foreign exchange was also less of a negative impact than expected. Throughout 2009 the Hasbro team pulled together to decrease costs in our underlying business. At the same time, we continued investing in the future including our joint venture with Discovery, establishing Hasbro Studios, and making strategic investments in our business, including emerging markets. We were also able to return just under $200 million to shareholders through our dividend and share buyback programs. For the full year 2009 worldwide net revenues of $4.07 billion grew 1% compared to $4.02 billion last year. Excluding the $65.2 million negative impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 3% from 2008. Operating profit improved for the year to a record $588.6 million. Operating profit as a percentage of revenue was 14.5% a level Hasbro has not achieved since the mid 80’s. This compares to $494.3 million or 12.3% of revenue last year. Moving on to our segments, US and Canada segment net revenues at $2.45 billion increased 2% compared with $2.41 billion last year. There was strong performance in the boy’s category and growth in our preschool category, partially offset by declines in girls and the games and puzzles categories. US and Canada operating profit for the year was $380.6 million compared to $283.2 million last year. Operating profit increased to 15.5% from 11.8% in 2008. Net revenues in the International segment were $1.46 billion compared to $1.5 billion a year ago, a decrease of 3%. Absent a negative foreign exchange impact of $64.5 million net revenues grew 2%. The results reflect growth in the boy’s category, offset by declines in preschool, girl’s and games and puzzles categories. Within the segment, several countries experienced challenging market conditions, while emerging markets in Latin America, Asia/Pacific, and Europe grew although off smaller bases. The International segment reported operating profit of $162.2 million compared to $165.2 million last year. As a percent of revenue, operating profit was essentially flat at 11.1% versus 11% as we continue to invest in emerging markets.  The Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues were $155 million compared to $107.9 million a year ago, an increase of 44%. This is primarily due to growth in Transformers and G.I. Joe, as our brands continue to expand outside of traditional toys and games in new categories including lifestyle licensing and digital gaming. The Entertainment and Licensing segment reported operating profit of $65.6 million compared to $51 million last year. Now let’s look at earnings. For the year, we reported net earnings of $374.9 million or $2.48 per diluted share compared to $306.8 million or $2.00 per diluted share a year ago. 2009 includes a $0.12 per share impact from our television investment. For 2009 average diluted shares outstanding were 152.8 million compared to 155.2 million last year. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, were $772.3 million compared to $654.3 million a year ago. Gross margin for the year was 58.8% compared to 57.9% a year ago. 2009 gross margin benefited from lower obsolescence and growth in our higher margin entertainment and licensing segment. In addition, we did not have the same level of mark downs as we did in the fourth quarter of 2008. Moving to expenses, operating margin improved to 14.5% from 12.3% due to lower spending in research and development, advertising and SG&A. Based on the mix of revenue, royalties increased in both dollars and as a percent of revenue. At the beginning of the year we outlined cost saving initiatives including freezing salaries, hiring only in critical positions, and reducing travel expenses. These efforts combined with a focus on prudent spending resulted in an overall reduction in costs within our underlying business, which is the baseline we will begin from 2010. Below the operating profit line, interest expense increased by $14.5 million to $61.6 million, primarily due to the new long term debt we issued related to our investment and a joint venture with Discovery. Other income net totaled $2.7 million compared to an expense of $6.1 million a year ago. 2009 includes income of $3.9 million representing our 50% share of earnings in the joint venture with Discovery. Our underlying 2009 tax rate is 29% compared to our 2008 full year underlying tax rate of 32.8%. Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At year end, cash totaled $636 million compared to $630.4 million a year ago. In the last 12 months we raised $425 million through debt offerings. We also made significant investments in our business, including spending $300 million for our 50% investment in the joint venture with Discovery, $95 million to extend our agreements with Marvel and Lucas, and $25 million in royalty advances to the joint venture network. Additionally, we returned cash to shareholders. During 2009 we spent $111.5 million through our dividend program and last week announced an increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.25 per common share, an increase of $0.05 per share or 25%. We also repurchased 3.2 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $91 million and an average price of $28.67 per share. At year end, $161.4 million remained available in the current share repurchase authorization. Since restarting our buyback program in June 2005 the company has repurchased 60.9 million shares at a total cost of $1.5 billion at an average price of $25.28 per share.  Overall, the quality of our receivables portfolio remains good. Receivables were $1 billion compared to $611.8 million last year. The increase is due to a number of reasons including the timing of revenues in the fourth quarter, and foreign exchange. This is reflected in our DSO’s which, excluding securitization, were 68 days compared to 63 days last year.  In addition, we did not utilize our securitization facility in the fourth quarter 2009; this resulted in $250 million of the increase of receivables. Given the changing environment and government regulations impacting the securitization market, it’s likely we will not securitize receivables as actively in the future. Finally, I’d like to reiterate, the quality of our receivables portfolio remains good and we do not have any significant customer concerns. Inventories decreased to $207.9 million compared to $300.5 million a year ago. Throughout 2009 both Hasbro and our retailers closely managed inventory levels. After lowering inventories during the year, retailers required additional product to meet demand in the fourth quarter. We are comfortable with our inventory on hand and at retail. In closing, we’re very pleased with our 2009 performance which demonstrates our ability to grow our brands globally and invest in our business for future years. After reducing our underlying costs in 2009 we will continue to closely manage our expenses in 2010, although we believe the economy is entering into a sustainable recovery, improvement will likely be at a cautious pace.  As we continue to execute our strategy to reimagine, reinvent, and reignite our global brands, we believe we should be able to grow revenues and earnings per share for the full year 2010, including the dilution from our television investments and absent a deterioration in consumer spending, global economic conditions, or the value of foreign currency. With that, Brian, David, and I would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: On the JV and the Hub and the Studio and that whole area, could you clarify what the dilution was in the quarter? Did you say it was $0.12 for the year, but if you could just clarify what the dilution was in the quarter?
Deb Thomas: It was $0.12 during the year and it was $0.04 in the quarter.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: I think you said that in the other income line there’s actually income, that’s because what shows up in there is just the JV, was it in fact profitable in the fourth quarter?
Deb Thomas: That’s correct; the JV was profitable in the fourth quarter.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: Is there any change in your outlook as to what you expect in terms of dilution, I think you were saying like $0.25 a share for 2010, any change in that outlook? Along those lines, what more needs to be done for the Studios and Hub and everything in terms of increased spending?
Brian Goldner: Our guidance for ’10 is $0.25 to $0.30 for 2010.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: That’s consistent with what you’ve been saying.
Brian Goldner: Correct, no change.
David Hargreaves: The major expense is clearly the re-launching and the re-branding or the marketing that goes around re-launching and re-branding of the network later this year.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: You said you were satisfied with the board games, the inventory at retail, could you comment specifically on board games since that was the biggest area of increase, a lot of that seemed the category that does seem to be very concentrated in the fourth quarter. Are you satisfied with the level of inventories that you have at retail.
David Hargreaves: We’re very satisfied. I think it is a category that has got momentum at the moment for us. We actually see that continuing throughout the year. We’re going to be running the family game night marketing program full year 2010; it didn’t really start until later in the year in 2009. As I said, at the moment, people consumers seem to see this as a real value, the board game business. We’re very happy with our inventories and hopefully we’ll see retail sales running ahead of a year ago for the first and second quarters.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: When would you expect this to begin to see real operating leverage in licensing segment, in other words, operating income growing faster than revenue?
David Hargreaves: Actually I think in 2010 you will probably see us going backwards in the licensing segment revenues because there was so much revenue associated with licensing programs around Transformers and to a lesser extent G.I. Joe. I think the real leverage will start to come as all these incremental movies that Brian’s talked about, Hasbro based movies particularly in 2012. Also, in the entertainment and licensing segment we have the television so as we’ve said before that will go from diluted to accretive in 2011. I think its ’11 but certainly ’12 you’re really going to see start the benefits.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: It sounds like your revenue is going to be down and your expenses certainly aren’t going to be down in 2010 then that area could be a bit of a drain which is incorporated in your dilution estimates for 2010.
David Hargreaves: That’s exactly right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Can you walk me through the amortization, Wizards of the Coast earned off; I’m assuming there was some amortization from the JV in the fourth quarter. Can you walk us through what was in the $25 million?
Deb Thomas: What we have in the amortization for the quarter is just our amortization our normal product line. There isn’t actually any amortization from the TV programming in there and we do have the tail end of Wizards of the Coast which is coming off of our P&L in 2009. In addition to that, we had just some small adjustments to product lives of some of the assets we have on the books. Beyond that it’s just our normal amortization.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: How should we think about that for 2010?
Deb Thomas: As we’ve said before, the Wizards of the Coast amortization will be coming down and we wouldn’t see any significant difference from what we had published in our 10-K as what we expected our amortization expense to be.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Just my timing of Wizards was off a little bit.
Deb Thomas: I think maybe just a bit.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: In terms of the pipeline that you have for this year, I was just wondering how are you thinking about Iron Man 2. As we call recall with Iron Man 1 it was downplayed and then the movie exceeded expectations. Just wondering what’s the retailer appetite for Iron Man 2 and what’s your expectation?
Brian Goldner: I think the year is going to be a great year for Iron Man 2. Clearly the movie is highly anticipated. All the materials everyone is seeing on the movie are very exciting. A lot of retailer support around the world. We continue to want to build our business with Marvel. In addition, Marvel has a number of properties that are on television. It should be a very good Marvel year; we’re very excited about where the moving is going.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: In terms of your expectation for earnings growth in 2010, just wondering if you could walk us through a little bit, some of your cost assumptions, particularly in the gross margin line what kind of cost pressures might you be seeing and then also your thoughts around SG&A?
David Hargreaves: I didn’t hear the question.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: In terms of earnings, your expectation for earnings growth next year, wondering if you could help us think through your expectations for gross margin, maybe discuss some of your assumptions on the cost side, where costs are going and then also on SG&A?
David Hargreaves: I think the key thing is that we’ve said we will grow both revenues and earnings next year. I think if you get the revenues, given the leverage in our business, you tend to get the higher earnings. The reason we think we’ll grow revenues is because whilst we recognize that there will be a delta on Joe and Transformers, given demand, given we’ve got a lot of product around Toy Story and in terms of co-branded games and Mr. & Mrs. Potato Head.  Given that between Joe and Transformers we did about $700 million worth of business this year that means there’s about $3.5 billion worth of business which is nothing to do with movies. That’s brands like Nerf, Littlest Pet Shop, My Little Pony, Play-Doh, Playskool, those and the brands that have been growing consistently and globally over the last 10 years and account for the majority of our growth. We’ve got a lot of newness across all categories in all those brands and we believe that we will be able to grow most of those brands again in 2010. If you get the revenue growth as I said, you clearly should get growth in earnings per share, and obviously a little bit of that will be offset by the increased dilution. Also we’ll continue to manage our expenses fairly tightly. I think the other things as well, we’ve been saying since early ’01 that were going to build our core brands to bigger global brands and that would give us a lot more leverage in our cost structure and that would make us more profitable as a company. I think that’s happened.  One of the reasons we’re posting the kind of operating margins that we are now, which we haven’t seen in Hasbro since the early 80’s is because we have grown our core brands globally and we’re starting to get a lot of leverage out of our cost structure as a result of that.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: One of your competitors was up talking about concerns about rising input costs and yes you certainly have the leverage but I was just wondering if you were going to experience similar impacts?
David Hargreaves: We do anticipate that most costs will increase so freight, resins, paperboard and print, Chinese labor and Chinese currency. The rate of increase I don’t think is anything like it was at the end of ’07 and through ’08. As we have designed and costed and priced all our new products for 2010 we’ve clearly taken that into consideration. We don’t think that rising input costs will have a material impact on our margin or our profitability.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: On the SG&A side it looks like 2010 is lines up for a good year; maybe things are feeling a little bit better at the retail level. Are these wage freezes going to stay or should we assume some increase from competition? As all your employees are listening on the call.
Brian Goldner: No, we would expect, we did something at the end of the year for our employees and we also would expect to have increases this year, although we’re being very conscientious about all the other inputs and partnering with our employees around the world. In looking at our cost effectiveness models and looking at the way we develop and design and ship product. We’re all together on this as we pare down costs wherever we can.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: On Sesame Street, any thoughts on the ability to move that over to the Hub?
Brian Goldner: Overall we’re very excited that we’ve begun work on the product line which would ship for second half 2011. We’re very excited about Sesame Street’s performance thus far season to date and their 40th anniversary. In fact their ratings November to November ’09 versus ’08 were up 15% versus year ago. In fact, its one of the more powerful starts to the Sesame Street series on PBS than they’ve had in recent years. Overall we’re very pleased with the current plan for their television.
Operator: Your next question comes from Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: Could you spend a minute on the Universal film slate, we know Battleship’s moved out of 2011 as has Stretch Armstrong. Give us an update as to what that film slat looks like and remind us again how the terms work; I believe it was 4-6 films over four years.
Brian Goldner: A couple things to lay this out for you. One of the things we’ve been working on with Universal is ensuring that we provide enough time to develop the motion pictures to be as big as we all believe them to be and to provide us an opportunity to put out a number of new initiatives over a number of years to take full advantage of those versus having so many initiatives in one year. For 2011 given that there’s Transformers as well as two Marvel theatrical releases in Thor and Captain America the First Avenger, and then also the first year of Sesame Street plus Marvel TV and we’d expect Star Wars TV, our feeling was to take the time to make Battleship more of a global tent pole for 2012. We’ve also late Friday night announced we’ve signed Taylor Lautner as our lead in Stretch Armstrong and we will produce that movie in 3-D. As we go out now we have a number of pictures that are in the Universal relationship; Battleship and Stretch which would be 2012, as well we’re working on scripts for Ouija and Candyland and Monopoly. The relationship does go out now; we’ve extended it to go out through 2015.  In addition, I don’t know if you saw that announcement but in addition we did take Risk and are now developing it over at Sony, a new studio partner for us for that title.
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: Is that a 2012 release as well?
Brian Goldner: No date yet, we’re just in the beginnings and working with writers and our producing partner. 
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: What are you hearing from retailers in terms of their expectations as to how they will manage inventories in 2010 and maybe compare that to what you were hearing a year ago?
Brian Goldner: Overall retailers certainly took down their inventories throughout 2009 and I think we will see retailers continue to operate more just in time and carefully around inventory. There are a number of initiatives that have clearly performed and certainly whether we talk about Iron Man or Toy Story, our Nerf business, Littlest Pet Shop our games business, there’s a number of initiatives where retailers are very excited because of the momentum we’ve had both domestically and internationally, particularly in emerging markets. I think it’s going to continue to be that partnered responsibility and collaborative forecasting on inventory levels, recognizing that you can operate a business very effectively at overall lower inventory levels.
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: You guys provide some detail the performance of the subs in the emerging markets, can you give us an update on plans for expansion there and just as far as profitability or loss is concerned for those subs, where are we in terms of ramp to break even, are those contributing to profits or is there an expectation as to when those will contribute to profits?
Brian Goldner: Overall we still are investing in many of our emerging market business. In fact, we are entering the second year in Brazil, China, as well. We will continue to invest and probably begin to see break even over the next couple of years. Opening some new offices as well in Russia and Romania, they’ll be some new offices we’ll open this year in Peru.
David Hargreaves: Columbia and we’re expanding in Korea and a lot of the markets we will be adding staffing. The whole question about break even, some of the markets we’ve gone into in terms of Eastern European markets where we were distributed and then converted over to our own companies, some of those actually were better than break even from day one and actually contribute quite good margins. I think in terms of major new markets where we’re starting off; Brazil and China they take a while to break even. I think we’re thinking Brazil gets to a break even in 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: I wanted to ask about Beyblades, that was a big product about six or seven years ago.
David Hargreaves: 2003
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: I was wondering how much Beyblades are incorporated into your guidance. If Beyblades hits this year how much do you think you can ship of that product this year?
Brian Goldner: Our plan for Beyblades would begin in the second half of the year. We’re still working out all of the television placement, recently was announced that Beyblades will be appearing on Nick Toons in the UK for example. We’re finalizing some other television deals with our partners in Nelvana. Certainly expect some revenues from Beyblades this year. Again, we’ve seen such great results coming out of Japan this whole new generation of Beyblades called Metal Fusion and I’m not going to really forecast what it could be but certainly we know what it was last time and we can develop product and ship product for the demand.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: That was north of $300 million that time?
Brian Goldner: In 2003 full year was around $330 million.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: I wanted to ask about Spiderman, no mention of that when you’re talking about the movies, that seems like it’s been pushed back. Do we have any guidance as to when we should be seeing the next Spiderman movie come out?
Brian Goldner: My understanding in conversations with Marvel and Sony is that it would be for summer 2012 and they have a new director and very excited about the direction they’re taking as are we. I think they’re going to reboot that franchise.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: G.I. Joe 2 was that supposed to be 2012 as well?
Brian Goldner: That potentially could be 2012 working with a new team of writers right now and a very exciting take on G.I. Joe.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: I want to clarify exactly what movies we have in ’11 and ’12. ’11: Transformers 3, Thor, Captain America.
Brian Goldner: Correct, plus Marvel television and Star Wars television and our first half year of Sesame Street and our first full year in 2011 of the Hub network.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: 2012 confirmed right now; Battleship and Stretch Armstrong, anything else in 2012 at this point?
Brian Goldner: Battleship and Stretch Armstrong as Hasbro properties, then the Avengers and Spiderman as Marvel properties and Sony properties.
Operator: Your next question comes from Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: I wondered if you could comment on your ending level of inventories at retail both in the US and in major European markets and any market share data you could provide. Also could you comment on the programming for the Hub?
David Hargreaves: In terms of inventory, obviously we don’t get as good of data in some of the overseas markets that we do in the US but I think it’s safe to say that most of our customers around the globe certainly had lower inventory at the end of ’09 as compared to the end of ’08. Certainly we’re very happy with the quality of the inventory at retail. If you take the end of ’08 there was a lot of obviously high priced stuff and some product lines that didn’t carry over. As we go into ’09 we feel we’ve got a very good quality of inventory as well as the appropriate levels of inventory at retail.
Brian Goldner: Our sense where we have market share is that Hasbro has gained market share both domestically and several markets internationally.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: Programming for the hub?
Brian Goldner: What we’ve announced thus far is My Little Pony show as well a Transformers show from the writers of the first two Transformers movies. On Friday we’ll probably give you some more complexion in the Hub and the direction that we’re taking.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: In terms of revenue growth for 2010 what key categories do you anticipate might show growth? I assume games and puzzles was one but can you grow preschool girls and boys?
Brian Goldner: First of all we’re very excited that Jerry Perez has joined us to run our preschool business and Jerry is certainly a very accomplished executive with a lot of experience in the preschool business. We have continued to have long term momentum in many of our categories and the CAGR for our core brands over the last several years is around 27% in those top core brands. Even a brand that’s celebrating its 75th anniversary like Monopoly is a 12% CAGR over the last five years.  We’re going to continue to grow our games business, continue to re-invent, re-imagine and introduce a number of new games this year. Our preschool business, Tonka and Play-Doh in particular have show lots of momentum, we believe Playskool will have that as well with new initiatives. Our girls business Littlest Pet Shop grew last year, we certainly had year on year tough comparisons because of FurReal Friends taking a lot of the high price points out. We’ll have some of those back in, certainly not quite as high as it was a few years ago but certainly more of a range of price points for FurReal Friends.  Our boys business should be very robust both from Iron Man and Toy Story as well as the continuation of Transformers. If you recall in 2008 Transformers was one of our lowest declines in the boys arena off of a movie year that we’d had in the last decade. Again, we feel good about our overall product line, we feel good about our growth opportunities in established markets, but even more importantly in the emerging markets where we see some high growth rates.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: You mentioned the absence of high ticket items in ’09. Can you quantify the effect that that had on volume and I take it that obviously will not be a factor in ’10, in fact there could be some higher ticket items as you just said.
Brian Goldner: We saw the biggest impact in the high ticket items was in Playskool and in FurReal Friends. If you remember products like Coda and the Dream Town Cottage as well as the Biscuit the dog and a few others, certainly had an impact on our business. We were more value oriented and still providing great innovative products at every price point. The consumer certainly responded to that and you saw that both in the full year as well as fourth quarter numbers.  There is an opportunity we believe from some of our insight work to provide some higher price points, albeit in more of a limited quantity go forward in 2010 because people still see Christmas time as a special time of year and gifting is a very important element.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: You’ve reached an operating margin not seen since the mid 80’s at 14.5% in 2009. Where do you think we go from here? How many of your brands now have reached that level that you were talking about the $300 million plus.
Brian Goldner: We’ve certainly set as a medium term objective 15% or better in operating returns. We’ve also said that our joint venture activities would become accretive in 2011 and beyond. Obviously that would become more helpful to us. Clearly our brands, we’ve said from the very beginning that our brands, if we focused on our brands and grew our brands and leveraged the R&D marketing and advertising across greater geography that our brands would become much more profitable and they are.  I’m not going to comment on specific profitability by brand but certainly our brands and core brands tend to be much more profitable. Even where we have royalties associated with entertainment they tend to be more modest royalty rate than a strategic license.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray
Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray: What brands, I think you mentioned a couple earlier; Nerf and Littlest Pet Shop, what other brands are you really focusing on for 2010 as a big push? Also, how big can Toy Story 3 be and is that just board games or is there other puzzles and what other parts of that license do you have?
Brian Goldner: Overall we’ve seen great growth; if you remember when we launched our global brand leadership strategy, core brand focus back in 2001 we said that we were going to grow the top brands of the house. Back at that time the top eight brands of the company were about 17% of our revenues and today those are nearly half our revenues. We have the next cadre of brands that are challenger brands where we’re pressure testing those and applying our resources of innovation and marketing to those. We believe several of those brands can reach that core brand global brand status.
David Hargreaves: When we took that next year what we’re trying to do is leverage some of our brands to get into new categories where we haven’t been so strong in the past. In vehicles for the younger kid we’ve got Chuck My Talking Truck and then we’ve got Tonka Garage for the 5-7 year old. Then we’ve got this thing called Hasbro Speed Stars which really takes Star Wars and Transformers into the vehicles aisle. I think we’re looking to do something there. Clearly in FurReal we’ve got a lot of newness in addition bringing back some of the higher priced items, we’ve got a line called Snuggimals which is a small low priced collectible FurReal Friend and we’ve got some Animatronics tests called Furry Friends which we have high hopes for. I think where Strawberry Shortcake we introduced this year will be the first full year of Strawberry Shortcake. We continue to expect to grow in Playskool, Play-Doh, and Sesame Street license a year before the rest of the business. It’s not home runs in 2010, its lots of singles and doubles. I think it’s across all brands and categories.
Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray: Toy Story 3 products.
Brian Goldner: In Toy Story 3 there’s an extensive line of co-branded games and puzzles, some of the headliners for example is the great Operation Game but there’s several others, Space Shooters, and a very exciting product line that really matches with the Toy Story 3 story art. Then of course Mr. & Mrs. Potato Head a whole line of products around the movie as well.
Tony Gikas – Piper Jaffray: Could you characterize the growth in Transformers this year over 2007?
Brian Goldner: Transformers was $592 million all in, in 2009. It was $484 million back in 2007, it’s about a 22%, 21% growth rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup
Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup: On your POS, domestic and international in the fourth quarter, how did that perform and were there any regions internationally that did better or worse?
David Hargreaves: POS certainly in the US was very strong right at the end of the year. I think in the week before Christmas and week after Christmas we were like 28% and 20% up respectively. In fact, the good news is that not at that level but POS has been up so far this year in early 2010. I think our POS was up in most markets around the world when we’re growing our business.  One of the areas we struggled for a lot of the year last year was the UK. It started very slow and I think the loss of Woolworth didn’t help. The UK we were very pleased again at the end of the year it came back pretty strongly. France was strong all year, the places were set before, and Mexico, Spain, Italy and Eastern Europe were the most challenging.
Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup: Obviously POS was strong; you mentioned inventory levels were low at the end of the year. Do you feel like you left more money on the table than usual because inventory levels were low during Christmas and Holiday?
Brian Goldner: Overall the team did a very strong job of executing. Given the environment I believe we did just about all we could do in that environment. Coming off of 2008 clearly performed at a much higher level would be hard, maybe a few brands but really hard to say overall that we missed opportunities in 2009.
Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup: I’m thinking because inventory levels were low you probably have some out of stocks.
Brian Goldner: Again I think that if you think about rebuilding confidence in the toys and games business to perform and all the things we’ve said about toys and games being relatively recession resistant, Hasbro products being innovative and things consumers want, you have to rebuild that over time. Clearly I think our teams around the world did a great job of demonstrating just that.
Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup: Internationally if you assume currency stayed constant for the remainder of 2010 versus where we’re at today, how much would they impact your 2010 earnings, or sales, however you want to think about that?
Deb Thomas: As we look at currencies as they sit today, our expectation and the expectation of all of the banks and advisors that we work with is that there will be improvement and we’ve built that into our forecast for 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Carroll – UBS
Robert Carroll – UBS: Was there any material spending for the Hasbro studio in the quarter and any expectations around what that could be for 2010?
Deb Thomas: From a spending standpoint as we begin to ramp up that’s factored into the dilution that we’ve talked about with the studio. I want to correct something I said to Sean earlier, we actually had dilution of $0.03 in the quarter and $0.12 for the full year and not the $0.04 that I mentioned earlier. We expect the spending levels to be included in the dilution factors that we’ve put forth for next year in the $0.25 to $0.30. As David said, the majority of that change from this year, although we’ve not been operating for full year and we bill be next year, it is really due to the re-branding and re-launching of the network.
Robert Carroll – UBS: That’s more back end loaded.
Deb Thomas: That’s correct.
David Hargreaves: As we also mentioned before, a lot of the cash that we’ll be spending on developing, producing programs this year does go on the balance sheet. We essentially capitalize that and then obviously match expenses with revenues so amortize it as we start to get revenues from the program.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Conder – Wells Fargo
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: Any timing, I think you were alluding to somewhat of a Transformers TV but any timing of when Transformers 2 or G.I. Joe animation will be available?
Brian Goldner: We are working on Transformers animation and would certainly see some Transformers both the opportunity for the classic Transformers as well as some new Transformers episodes to get out some time this year. I will tell you we’re also working on G.I. Joe the second movie and looking at animation whether that’s for late ’10 or ’11, we’ll make some decisions on that. Transformers 3 as a motion picture we’re well underway and working on a script, working with Michael Bay and Paramount.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: If I interpreted your response to a question earlier, we may see the whole programming lineup for the Hub at the meeting on Friday or would that be a few weeks beyond that?
Brian Goldner: We’ll probably on Friday give you some more complexion. I think people had also asked about the positioning of the Hub, how we see it being launched, what’s our opportunity there, how do we see it all coming together, and give you some complexion on some of the programming. We’re not going to do the full programming lineup quite yet, Margaret and her team are preparing for a lot of the up fronts and she and her team will lead the announcements across programming slates beginning that process with advertisers, key partners, and others and that’ll happen over the next several weeks and months.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: On pricing, in response to an earlier question it sounded like you’re pretty comfortable holding gross margin or close to that for this year. How do you see the pricing front for 2010?
David Hargreaves: A lot of our product is new every year so Iron Man this year and a lot about new product and new categories. As we develop these new products we’ve known what the potential cost increases are or at least we’ve got a good estimate of what we think they’re going to be. As we’ve designed and engineered and as we costed and as we’ve sliced the new products we’ve clearly done so in order to protect our margin.  On the carry over product in general once a vendor gives us a cost it’s good for the life cycle of that product. Obviously if we refresh it, it may change and everything. To some extent we are a bit on carry over product we’re a bit insulted from prices going up. In the same way we don’t actually get to benefit quite as much if they turn around and go down a bit. We probably didn’t get quite as much benefit in ’09 as a result of that but we’re a bit insulted in ’10.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: Can you give us a little bit of break out, I know this appears to be included in your entertainment section but licensing just in general and how much was that collectively for the company and obviously driven by Transformers this year. Collectively, how much was licensing ’09 versus ’08?
Brian Goldner: The total entertainment and licensing segment was $155 million in revenue up from $105 million a year ago and that’s as reported as a reportable segment. We’re not going to break that out specifically but would tell you and tried to provide the digital gaming business certainly had increased as we saw Activision bring lines of Transformers related video games, also EA a number of new initiatives there, that area certainly grew within entertainment and licensing. We also saw overall licensing business grow with Transformers and G.I. Joe as well as Littlest Pet Shop and some other brands. Again, I can’t give you the numbers underneath that.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: What are you expectations for CapEx looking into ’10 and ’11?
Brian Goldner: Capital expenditures will be slightly above the ’09 levels more normalized to 2008 levels.
Tim Conder – Wells Fargo: Clearly you feel very confident with the healthy dividend increase that you had and then your guidance. Looking going forward how do you think about share repo, you’ve repurchased some during the year, you’ve got a little bit left on your authorization, how should we think about the balance going forward as cash flow accelerates?
Deb Thomas: As we’ve consistently said that we’ll make the best use of cash and investments in our business but then we’ll return it to shareholders. This year we did repurchase three million shares and spent about $90 million doing that at a value of $28.69. We think that’s good value, we’ve got $161 million left under our share repurchase and I think that we would continue to have our expectation that first we invest in the business for the long term for our shareholders and absent any other use of cash we return that to our shareholders.
Brian Goldner: Last year we hit the pause button on increase and this year our Board approved the increase in dividend.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Chartier – Monness Crespi Hardt
Jim Chartier – Monness Crespi Hardt: Can you talk about the re-launch of the Littlest Pet Shop online world and how that impacted your business in fourth quarter and what that should contribute to next year?
Brian Goldner: Littlest Pet Shop online is for that audience very analogist to a major motion picture for another audience. In other words, the ability to go online, having immersive experience and play with your friends and play with some of your favorite characters is clearly a critical element. It was really a joint partnership with Electronic Arts that was developed. There’s analog product that goes along with it but also the opportunity for subscription and micro transactions. It’s off to a very good start.  The great part about the digital arena is you can continue to upgrade and advance the experience over time so unlike an analog product where you ship it and it is what it is, we get to continue to upgrade and evolve the experience for the users and that’s our intention there to continue to invest and evolve that experience. Again, off to a very good start which is certainly contributing to Littlest Pet Shop but also Littlest Pet Shop has had great success in not only domestically but around the world, particularly in several European countries as well as Latin American countries and countries like France where it’s really the biggest girl’s brand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph
Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph: If I remember, you expected costs to be down this year and gave a little bit of that back to your customers and you expect to get some in return in 2010. Is that correct and if so what kind of minimization does that do to potential cost increases?
David Hargreaves: Clearly I said that in 2009 on average commodity costs and input costs were down versus 2008. We certainly got some benefit from that and we did share it with our customers. In ’07 and ’08 we had had three price increases in a period of about 18 months so we did selectively where we started to cross price points and it was starting to hurt volume or where crossed price points and it was starting to make it that the retailer no longer wanted to carry it because they couldn’t get a margin. On those selected items, much more rifle than a shot gun approach, we did go back and reduce some pricing in ’09. As I said a few minutes ago, as we come into ’10 all our new product has been costed to reflect current commodity levels and there’s no price increase as such on those. On the carry over products we’re not really taking price increases because we are insulted against some of the commodity cost increases by our suppliers.
Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph: If I could jump over to the hub, you talked in the past about the reasonability model generating hundreds of millions of dollars in potential add on revenues. How long you think that would take to ramp up, i it a first year type of thing or is it a multi-year.
David Hargreaves: I was very clear when I talked about that at the November analyst meeting that it was a reasonable economic model and I talked about a few years out being 13 or 14 without being that specific.
Brian Goldner: You’d see that part of our business from a financial standpoint be accretive in ’11. As you look at building a destination, as you look at putting branded programming on and attracting an audience its certainly going to take a few years to do that and that’s part of our modeling and yet still significant contributor to the company over the next several years.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Group
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Group: Was there anything in the fourth quarter related to the tax rate, the depressor was that basically a catch up?
Deb Thomas: There was really nothing significant in the fourth quarter that impacted, its really just a mix of revenues as they came through we finalized the balance of the rate for the year.
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Group: What was the balance sheet impact of the programming investment over the course of the year and maybe what do you expect the high watermark to look like?
David Hargreaves: We only started spending on programming production very late in ’09. Most of the programming production money that we spend in ’10 will go onto the balance sheet and then we start to amortize in which we start to add programming late in ’10 in the fall of 2010. Most of that will have three to four year amortization life cycles. You’d only get a bit of it. In terms of how much that is, we haven’t been too specific but we have said that as we get down the road and we start to add those hundreds of millions to revenue we’d also expect to be spending maybe $80 million plus a year in production costs.
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Group: In terms of gross margin in the fourth quarter, a lot of things going on with the price increases and the reduction of discounts and obsolescence and all the year end freak out of last year. I wonder if you could break down some of that into baskets, give us a sense of what the eliminations were, the negatives from last year that were kind of unexpected and what the benefits were of moves you made in the course of the year to adjust for that.
Brian Goldner: We had said that we were going to get back to more normalized 58% plus gross margin so that’s again what we’ve accomplished.
Deb Thomas: We didn’t have the issues we had at the end of the fourth quarter last year. As we talked about, as we refilled some of the channels that were, as the retailers were cautious during the year and we moved some of the product that really just resulted in lower need for obsolescence provision than what we had last year. We did have a little bit of a pick up from FX but it wasn’t significant.  What we did have as we’ve talked about, we do hedge our product purchases go forward so we did have some favorable hedging that flowed through. Really what you’re seeing in the margins is the impact of the additional benefit we got from our higher revenue in the fourth quarter and moving that inventory out, that’s really the primary reason for that change.
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Group: Was some of that influenced by the mix of puzzles and games being higher, did that have any meaningful impact?
Deb Thomas: Yes.
Operator: Your last question comes from Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: Can you give us the split of international versus US for Transformers and G.I. Joe? With Transformers how it compared to ’07?
Brian Goldner: I don’t know that I have those splits in front of me but typically our product lines are about 60/40 domestic to international. Transformers are probably right along those lines. G.I. Joe a little more weighted towards the US probably 70/30, although the box office was more even.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: Follow on appetite for G.I. Joe in the international markets given the success in the box office?
Brian Goldner: I think one of the big mistakes we made on G.I. Joe was really just in the price point. It really had less to do with the enjoyment of property. In fact if you look at the DVD sales they were quite strong and property performed really well. At the lower price points G.I. Joe has performed very well, in fact we shipped G.I. Joe product in the fourth quarter and feel very good about, we did some research with consumers and see great consumer appetite for the brand.  We’ve begun work on the second film as well as looking at television. For us it was more a matter of probably ignoring some of the price point challenges that are out there from a consumer spending standpoint as we developed the line 18 months ahead of the movie launch.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: I didn’t hear what you said about FX assumptions for 2010?
David Hargreaves: What was said is that clearly a lot of overseas currencies have weakened just last week. In general we think that on average the overseas currency and ones we use particularly Euro, Sterling, and Canadian on average they’re going to be higher in 2010 than they were in 2009 and certainly through the first half. We’ll get a bit of a tailwind from FX during the first half of the year, assuming that last week’s situation and the concerns about debt in Greece and Spain and Portugal that doesn’t get a lot worse.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: Can you go through the EA and how your business did with EA vis-à-vis the overall video game market which had some challenges?
Brian Goldner: Our business with EA as well as overall digital gaming business was up year on year. Our brands are performing very well in the casual gaming space. Whether that’s the iPhone apps where brands like Monopoly and Scrabble perform quite well and online we’ve also performed well on the Nintendo DS, particularly brands like Littlest Pet Shop. On the Wii brands like Nerf, Family Game Night titles have performed very well.  In the casual gaming space we do have brands that really resonate with those audiences and people have really responded as we’ve developed games that play differently than our board games but that are complimentary to the board game brands. We grew year on year with EA and of course also had great contribution from Activision and their efforts on Transformers as well as Glu Mobile on the mobile apps for Transformers.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: For 2010 as you continue to expand your product offering, do you expect to continue to grow that segment or get caught up in the bigger issues and the bigger game market?
Brian Goldner: Over time certain we see digital game growing over the long term. In the short term clearly console games, as a proportion of revenue would contribute more because of the price points on the royalties if you think about it. As console games might come down a bit off of a movie year we’re also excited this year about launching a Transformers game with Activision that is not linked to the motion picture. It’s called War for Cybertron which launches this year which is more of a brand video game than a motion picture video game.  As we develop more of those, as we develop more immersive experiences as we have more of the apps and online participation we’ll see it grow over time. Clearly you’re dealing in smaller dollars so you would need to sell more units.
Operator: I’d like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Karen Warren for closing remarks.
Karen Warren: I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay of our call will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen A. Warren - Investor Relations Brian Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Deborah Thomas - Chief Financial Officer David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray  Robert Carroll - UBS Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin  Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus Greg Badishkanian - Citi Jeff Blaeser - Morgan Joseph  Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) With us today from the company is Karen Warren, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer; and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. To better understand our results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at Hasbro.com. We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share.  During the call this morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during the call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for our future financial performance and achieving our objective.  There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian. 
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Our company has continued performed well in this very challenging global environment, as we grew both earnings and earnings per share in the quarter.  Net earnings for the quarter were $150.4 million compared to $138.2 million in 2008, or $0.99 per share compared with $0.89 per share a year ago, an increase of 11% in earnings per share. The growth in earnings and earnings per share includes the dilution from the joint venture and investments we are making in Hasbro's virtual studio. Revenues were down 2%, or $22.7 million, to $1.28 billion in the quarter. However, in constant dollars, revenues grew 1% to $1.32 billion. We experienced growth in a number of key brands, including Transformers, G.I. Joe, Nerf, Littlest Pet Shop, Playdo, and Tonka.  In anticipation of the holidays and as part of our ongoing engagement with consumers, we recently commissioned a proprietary survey in the key U.S. and international markets to better understand holiday spending trends and preferences. The results of this survey revealed some key learnings.  First, toys and games are well-positioned, garnering the highest percentage of the survey respondents planned holiday gift budgets in each market surveyed. Second, brand matters, with the specific brand name requested by a child ranking as the most important factor in purchasing a toy or game. Lastly, confirming what has been reported in the media, the majority of consumers plan to spend at last year’s levels, with about a quarter of consumers indicating they would spend less and approximately 10% saying they would spend more.  In addition, NPD data for the U.S. year-to-date through August highlighted that toys and games outperformed other consumer categories. In this time period, NPD showed a decline in traditional toys and games of just 1.4%, considerably better than other major consumer categories such as apparel and consumer electronics.  Furthermore, Hasbro performed exceptionally well, relative to the industry as NPD data on Hasbro sales of traditional toys and games in the same eight-month time period increased 9.7% compared to a year ago. The data also showed that for the latest three month period, June to August, Hasbro grew more than 16% compared to a year ago, outpacing the overall U.S. toy market, which declined 2%.  POS data for Hasbro's top four domestic accounts further supports these trends and during the third quarter, Hasbro's POS was up 1.8% from a year ago. In recent weeks, Hasbro's POS trends have shown further signs of improvement. While it is still very early in the fourth quarter and the data points are limited, the trends are encouraging.  Now let’s take a look at how our major global product categories performed this quarter. The boys business was up 12% with Transformers, G.I. Joe, and Nerf driving the growth in the category. We had a great summer with the theatrical releases of Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, and G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, which had a combined global box office receipts in excess of $1.1 billion.  With the planned DVD release of Transformers Revenge of the Fallen tomorrow, we expect our Transformers line to continue to do well in the upcoming holiday season. With combined global box office sales of over $1.5 billion for Transformers 1 and Transformers 2, Paramount has announced plans to release the third Transformers film on July 1, 2011.  G.I. Joe Rise of Cobra also performed very well, with $300 million in global box office receipts, and slightly more revenue internationally than domestically. In many cases, this was the first introduction of the G.I. Joe brand outside the U.S. and it went a long way toward building global brand awareness.  If you look at the performance of G.I. Joe compared to other first-time movie backed properties, it performed extraordinarily well. In fact, this year we expect revenues in excess of $100 million for G.I. Joe, which is over three times bigger than it was last year.  Despite this performance, expectations for G.I. Joe were high at retail and going forward, we need to do a better job of setting our expectations for future movie properties. The film’s theatrical release is the first step. This will be followed by the DVD release on November 3, which is expected to broaden the G.I. Joe audience. Additionally, we are moving forward with Paramount on a G.I. Joe sequel, all great news for the brand.  Also supporting growth in the boys category is Nerf, which turned in another strong performance this quarter, growing 32%, driven by continued strength in the U.S. and expansion into major markets around the world. The Nerf Raider rapid-fire blaster launched on 9/9/09 and was the first global Nerf launch and the most successful blaster launch to date.  Continuing to benefit from television programming, Star Wars also contributed significantly to the quarter.  The performance in both the preschool and girls categories was impacted by a number of high-priced items not being carried forward from last year. This was in response to changes we saw in consumer spending patterns. In preschool, both CODA and the Rose Petal Cottage are no longer in the line. In the girls category, last year we had a number of higher priced items in Furreal Friends that are no longer in our line. This year’s line is price more appropriately for today’s consumers but did contribute to a decline in 2009 revenue.  While the preschool category declined 2%, we did have a number of brands that performed well, including Playdo, which was up 27%, and Tonka, which grew by more than 50%.  Additionally, preschool domestic POS with our top four customers was up a strong 21% in the quarter due to increases in Playdo and Tonka, as well as Playskool infant and Playskool play box essentials.  The girls category declined 6% in the quarter, primarily due to the decline in higher priced items in the Furreal Friends line. We had a strong performance from Littlest Pet Shop, which grew 12% in the quarter, and we had good initial shipments of Strawberry Shortcake.  In September, Hasbro and Electronic Arts launched Littlest Pet Shop Online in the U.S. and Canada. Girls can experience this social gaming world with a purchase of a plush pet with a secret code and through various subscription offerings. A global rollout is planned beginning in 2010.  In the games and puzzle category, according to NPD, Hasbro is outperforming the industry. We have gained 2.6 points of market share in the U.S. However, due to the fact that retailers started the year with carryover games inventory and have been working these down, Hasbro's year-to-date shipments are down 8% for the U.S. and Canada and 16% internationally. For the third quarter, the games and puzzle category declined 10%.  Given the strength of retail support around the family game night promotion, we anticipate games revenues will be up in the fourth quarter. In fact, early POS in the U.S. on this program has been very encouraging. Hasbro Family Game Night is a major global initiative expected to reach more than 50 markets through television, print, and online promotional programs. Our retailers around the globe are participating with significant marketing activities, including exclusive promotional programs and high profile partnerships. Retailers are embracing the fully immersive brand experience that the Hasbro family game night campaign is bringing to consumers.  This immersive brand experience will include our partners at EA, who have added a number of new Hasbro games to their lineup this quarter, including Scrabble, Battleship, Connect 4, and The Game of Life.  In the fourth quarter, EA will launch new titles on the Nintendo Wii and DS platform, including Littlest Pet Shop Friends, Nerf N Strike Elite, and Family Game Night 2. Activision’s Transformers Revenge of the Fallen videogame is on track to be this year’s number one selling movie game, number one action game, and the number three title on the Nintendo DS platform. In the digital arena, for the full year we will have launched over 30 games across online, mobile, and console platforms.  Earlier this year we took another step for Hasbro in creating immersive brand experiences through our drive into television by our joint venture with Discovery Communications. We are making great progress working closely with their talented leader David Zaslov and his tremendous team at Discovery. There have been a number of new key executive hires, including the appointment of Margaret Leche to the position of President and CEO of the network, as well as the hiring of Steven Davis as President of Hasbro Studios, where he is leading the creation of Hasbro content for both the network and for international distribution. Both Margaret and Steve are assembling their teams and we’ll provide further insight into our plans at Hasbro's upcoming investor day, being held at our headquarters on November the 5th.  Looking to the remainder of the year, we continue to believe it will be a challenging global retail environment. However, our lineup for the upcoming holidays is strong with great brands like Transformers, Littlest Pet Shop, Star Wars, Playskool, Nerf, Tonka, and Strawberry Shortcake, and we expect to drive board game sales with our Family Game Night promotion.  Looking beyond the holidays to 2010, we have a world-class portfolio of classic brands that we will reinvent, reimagine, and reignite. From a movie perspective, we are excited about our prospects for both Iron Man 2 from Marvel and Toy Story 3 from Disney. Coming off the success of Iron Man last year, the brand is being brought back to the big screen in a bigger way with Iron Man 2 and Hasbro will be bringing to market a more expansive line of toys and games.  With the June release of Toy Story 3, we have a great new line of co-branded games and puzzles along with our line of movie related Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head. With strong box office results this year, we expect that Transformers will continue to be a major contributor to our business next year.  We expect to have television support for G.I. Joe, My Little Pony, Transformers, a number of Marvel properties, as well as new episodes of the Star Wars animated Clone Wars series. We have much more planned in 2010 and we will share that with you at our investor day.  In the near-term and for the remainder of 2009, we will continue to invest in our business, partner with our retailers, and closely manage our costs. Over the last few years, we have put building blocks in place as part of our strategy to grow our business over the long-term, whether it’s our partnership with EA, Universal, Dreamworks, Paramount, Marvel, Lucas, or our joint venture with Discovery Communications, when you combine strong partners with the broad-based global strength of our brand portfolio, we are well-positioned to grow our business and to deliver value for our shareholders for the long-term.  With that, let me now turn the call over to Deb Thomas. Deb. 
Deborah Thomas: Thanks, Brian and good morning, everyone. I am pleased that we were able to grow earnings per share, improve operating margin in the quarter, as well as to continue to invest in our business for the longer term, despite the continuing challenges of the global economy, and having revenues which were down due to the impact of foreign exchange.  We were able to achieve EPS growth despite a $0.03 dilution per share from our joint venture with Discovery, financing costs associated with the recent issuance of long-term debt, and the initial investments we are making in Hasbro's virtual studio.  For the quarter, we delivered worldwide net revenues of $1.28 billion, compared to $1.3 billion last year, a decrease of 2%. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 1% or $13.2 million. Operating profit improved for the quarter to $230.7 million, or 18% of revenue. This compares to $215.9 million, or 16.6% of revenue last year.  Moving to our segments, the U.S. and Canada segment net revenues at $791.9 million, were down 4% compared with $821 million last year. As Brian mentioned, we had a strong performance in the boys category, offset by declines in girls, preschool, and the games and puzzle categories. U.S. and Canada operating profit for the quarter was $129.1 million compared to $131.9 million last year. As a percent of revenue, operating profit was relatively flat at 16.3%.  Net revenues in the international segment were $444.1 million, compared to $460.6 million a year ago. Revenues grew 4% absent a negative foreign exchange impact of $34.3 million. The results reflect growth in boys and the preschool categories, offset by declines in girls and the game and puzzles categories.  The international segment reported operating profit of $64.1 million compared to $65.8 million last year. As a percent of revenue, operating profit was relatively flat at 14.4%.  The entertainment and licensing segment net revenues were $41.6 million compared to $18.3 million a year ago. This is primarily due to growth in Transformers and G.I. Joe, as our brands continue to expand outside of traditional toys and games in new categories.  The entertainment and licensing segment reported operating profit of $19.8 million compared to $6.3 million last year. The increase is primarily due to growth from licensing programs related to entertainment properties.  Now let’s take a look at earnings -- for the third quarter, we reported net earnings of $150.4 million, or $0.99 per share. This compares to $138.2 million or $0.89 per share a year ago. As I mentioned earlier, this also includes a $0.03 per share impact from the television investment.  During the quarter, average diluted shares outstanding were $152.9 million, compared to $156.2 million last year. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization were $286.9 million compared to $261.8 million a year ago. Gross margin for the quarter was 57% compared to 55.9% a year ago. The improvement is primarily due to a more favorable product mix, with a greater amount of entertainment driven product sold in 2009. These products typically have a better gross margin but also often incur higher royalties. As we’ve said previously, for the full year we expect our gross margin to return to our historical levels of approximately 58%.  Turning to expenses, operating margin improved due to lower spending in R&D, advertising, and SG&A. The only expense line that increased was royalties, which was a function of product mix.  As we manage the business in these challenging economic times, we believe it’s important to continue to invest for the long-term, such as in our virtual studio, the joint venture with Discovery, and our emerging market initiative. That said, we are also managing our discretionary expenses carefully and will continue to do so going forward.  Below the operating profit line, interest expense increased by $5.9 million to $17.6 million, primarily due to the new long-term debt we issued related to our investment in the joint venture with Discovery. Other income net totaled $4.8 million compared to an expense of $2.7 million a year ago. Other income in 2009 includes $1.5 million in earnings, representing our 50% share in the joint venture with Discovery.  Our underlying 2009 tax rate is 29.7%, compared to our 2008 full-year underlying tax rate of 32.8%.  Before moving on to the balance sheet, I wanted to mention that we anticipate dilution of $0.04 to $0.05 per diluted share in the fourth quarter related to the company’s investment in the joint venture with Discovery Communications and Hasbro's virtual studio. Year-to-date, there’s been dilution of $0.09 per share. As we’ve stated previously, in 2010 our expected dilution is $0.25 to $0.30 per share.  Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $297.4 million, compared to $356.5 million a year ago. In the last 12 months, we generated significant cash from operations and we raised $425 million through a debt offering. However, in the last 12 months we have also invested $300 million for our 50% investment in the joint venture with Discovery, $95 million to extend our agreements with Marvel and Lucas, paid a $25 million royalty advance to the joint venture network, and reduced our securitization levels. We also resumed our share repurchases this quarter.  We repurchased $1.1 million shares at a total cost of $30 million. As of quarter end, there was $222.2 million remaining in the current share repurchase authorization.  Our receivables at $1.1 billion were up $169 million compared to $946.9 million last year. At the end of the third quarter, given our cash balances from our recent debt issuance, we did not securitize receivables. In the prior year third quarter, we securitized $172.6 million in receivables. Excluding securitization, DSOs were 79 days compared to 77 days last year. We are very comfortable with the overall quality of our receivables.  Inventories decreased to $399.9 million, compared to $461.6 million a year ago, as we continue to work to reduce our inventory levels.  In closing, we will continue to focus on managing our business efficiently while investing for the long-term. As we look to the remainder of the year, the environment is expected to remain challenging. That said, we believe we can grow revenues in 2009 if our consumer retail takeaway continues to improve in line with recent fourth quarter trends.  We also continue to believe that the underlying strength of brands and our commitment to our strategies will enable us to grow earnings per share in 2009, even with the expected dilution from our television investment.  With that, Brian, David and I would be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question, we’ll hear from Tony Gikas with Piper Jaffray. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: A couple of questions -- could you review the entertainment slate for 2011, as preliminary as it might be? And you mentioned that Transformers looks like it is coming that year -- any visibility on the actors in the movie? Also, Brian, maybe you could just help us out with a little bit of what you are seeing at retail and how much channel fill is taking place right now, in your opinion? And then I have one follow-up. 
Brian Goldner: All right, good morning. For the slate in 2011, currently the plan is Stretch Armstrong April 15th of ’11, Spider-man 4 May 6th of ’11, Thor May 20th of ’11, Transformers 3 the first of July in ’11, The First Avenger: Captain America the 22nd of July 2011 and then Battleship just following that. And then of course that will be our first full year of television on the joint venture network. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Channel fill at retail, could you just characterize how much is taking place?
Brian Goldner: What we are really seeing at this point is, as you know, we’ve managed the inventory down thus far this year. We are starting to see consumer and retail takeaway increasing versus the third quarter and so again, we won't comment specifically on what we expect the fourth quarter revenues but if it continues as it is, we feel good about the fourth quarter. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: And then Deb, do you have the trailing 12-month cash flow number that you mentioned?
Deborah Thomas: Yes, I do. From a free cash flow percentage, we had a -- give me one sec, I’m going to find that. Our free cash flow was $284 million use of cash in the last quarter and that will be in the last nine months, and that will be in our 10-Q that comes out within the next couple of weeks. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you. Great job. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Carroll with UBS.
Robert Carroll - UBS: Looking at spending for the JV, are you guys able to break out what specifically was spent, kind of where that is on the P&L?
Deborah Thomas: Well, the majority of it, Rob, would be in the interest category. I think that if you look at the debt that we issue, that is the biggest piece of that and from a dilution standpoint. And then we also from a year-to-date standpoint, we also had some acquisition costs and tax benefit, so if you look at the interest, that’s the largest piece. And as we mentioned in other income, we had $1.5 million from the joint venture itself in net earnings. 
Robert Carroll - UBS: Okay, so there’s no material spending on the virtual studio showing up anywhere else?
Deborah Thomas: That’s correct -- there’s no material spending on the studio impacting the -- 
Brian Goldner: The teams are beginning to be assembled and we’ll give more updates to you as you come in for the November 5th analyst day. 
Robert Carroll - UBS: Great, and then will we have I guess sort of a preview of what the initial content will look like at the analyst day?
Brian Goldner: We’re going to certainly give you a sense really for all of that. It’s becoming a very good lineup for us. We’ll give you an early sense of that. 
Robert Carroll - UBS: Great, and then just breaking out the other income line, would you mind just kind of going into a little bit of detail about what’s in there, other than the JV?
Deborah Thomas: Sure. I think if you’ll recall last year in the third quarter, we had an impact of some foreign exchange losses that we said that we would be mitigating so really what’s in the -- what the impact is from last year to this year is really -- we don’t have those losses again this year. We’ve got the JV impact and we also have interest income that flows in through that line and that is a bit lower this year than it was last year. 
Robert Carroll - UBS: All right, thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Margaret Whitfield with Stern Agee.
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Good morning, everyone. You commented that G.I. Joe might do north of $100 million this year, Brian. If you could comment on your expectations for Transformers. 
Brian Goldner: Well, Transformers has continued to perform exceedingly well. As you know in 2007, we reported $484 million and then in ’08 we said that it was the lowest decline of any boys property we had. I won't comment specifically except to say certainly the movie has performed exceedingly well, the DVD drops tomorrow, and we expect Transformers to continue to sell well throughout the year. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: So presumably it should exceed the ‘07 number?
Brian Goldner: I’m not going to give you specific guidance but certainly we’re on the right trend. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: And you said something earlier, you know, I didn’t -- I would like you to elaborate on G.I. Joe, that expectations are high and we need to do a better job. Where do you think you were off in terms of the Joe numbers? That sounds like it was more international than U.S. 
Brian Goldner: Well actually what I was really -- what I am really referring to is I don’t think we can expect that every motion picture we put out to be Transformers, and Transformers is a very rare property and yet you can have many successful motion pictures -- G.I. Joe both for the studio as well as for Hasbro is a very successful launch and will lead us to -- and we are working on a sequel, so we are just saying we want to manage expectations. Everything that we do is not going to deliver the kinds of revenues that Transformers delivered in the movie year and yet it can be exceedingly contributory to the company as we go forward. We just want to make sure we manage people’s expectations. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Okay, and for Deb, I wondered if you could break down further the sources of the licensing segment operating profit. I know it includes a lot of areas -- you know, lifestyle, digital licensing and so forth. What were the leading contributors to that?
Deborah Thomas: I would say as we talked about last year, you know, when we were just introducing or entering into the key revenue driving period of our relationship with Electronic Arts, so if we look to the different components, obviously our licensing programs on Transformers and G.I. Joe were very strong this period but in addition to that, we are also seeing a benefit from the digital relationship we have with Electronic Arts. So I would say from a key contributor standpoint, the strength of Transformers and Joe and beyond that, the leveraging of the relationship with Electronic Arts. 
Brian Goldner: You know, you are really seeing brands like Monopoly accelerate across that segment as well, so it’s not just related to the entertainment piece. But as you develop more immersive experiences, I don’t know if you saw over the weekend the number of commercials that were being broadcast for the Monopoly program at McDonald’s, all the different touch points for the ways you can play Monopoly now, and our gaming business in Monopoly all contributing to increases in the entertainment licensing segment. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Okay, just two small questions -- what was the currency impact on the bottom line in Q3 and what was the share count, diluted share count at the end of the quarter?
Deborah Thomas: The currency impact on the bottom line wasn’t significant. I think as we say in the past, you can generally assume that it’s 10% of the impact on revenue and the average amount of shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were $139.8 million. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jake Hindelong with Monness Crespi & Martin.
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : I’ve got a few questions -- just first on the gross margin, it came in pretty strong this quarter. Can you talk about if there was much in there on the positive side besides the impact of oil and what that might have been?
David D. R. Hargreaves: In terms of the gross margin, I think one of the things that we’ve seen is some abatement in commodity costs from their peak last year, although we tend to be relatively isolated from short-terms ups and downs because the way we do our costing is we don’t manufacture in the Orient. We primarily buy finished goods from third parties or actually buy the underlying commodities. And once they give us a price, it’s really kind of set in for the year. So it really is reflecting where we stood at the beginning of the year when we costed all of our product and those prices have held pretty well throughout the year. 
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : Great, and then rolling that forward to the fourth quarter, is it fair to assume roughly the same type of impact?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yeah, you are not going to see any short-term impact due to commodities. You know, we do have products -- you could see variation in gross margin due to product mix. We have some product lines such as games that make well above the corporate average and we have some such as preschool that makes below the corporate average. So I would say that any variation in the gross margin during the fourth quarter is more likely to be attributed to product mix than it is to commodity costs. 
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : Okay, great, thanks. And then just on the share repurchase, obviously some in the third quarter and it seems to be ongoing. Can you tell us what’s driving that decision and what the priorities are for capital allocation over the next couple of years?
Brian Goldner: Well, as we said once we’d come through our joint venture and acquisition with Discovery, we felt in conversations with our board that going back into the market, given the share price of Hasbro, going back into the market at a modest level was a good idea, good utilization of cash and a good return to shareholders, so we’ll continue that type of program. We have an open authorization, several hundred million dollars, and our plan will be to continue to go forward based on our share price and at this modest level. 
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. First question on the status of where you are in opening your sales offices in emerging markets, the ones you’ve talked about in the past and are there any new ones coming on board in the future?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yeah, in certainly last year we talked about opening offices in Brazil, which we did last year. We talked about opening an office in Russia, which we actually just opened about two months ago. It takes a bit of time to get things done in Russia. We opened in the Czech Republic and we -- and of course, China. For this year, we have approved the opening of a new office in Romania, which is happening at the moment, and we approved the opening of a new office in Peru, which will probably happen in the early part of next year. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. And can you just briefly describe the inventory situation in the channel? How does that look for both your core brands as well as your movie related properties?
Brian Goldner: Overall, Gerrick, we feel good about our inventory levels, the amount of promotion and marketing that is going against our brands, both from Hasbro as well as partners, as the DVDs come into the market in the fall. The family game night promotion, the things going on with Monopoly, so overall we feel good. Obviously our inventories year-to-date are down 7.5% versus 2008 and we have been managing those inventories and we feel very good about our prospects for the fourth quarter. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and finally one last question, more specific on product -- are you implementing the annual games riser program at Target this year? I’ve yet to see that one. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: We did that earlier in the year, which is what we normally do. It’s usually in the first half activity. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, I thought it was usually an October event. 
Brian Goldner: No, no -- it’s normally a first half piece and that gets executed starting in the middle of the year. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. All right, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean McGowan with Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Thank you. I have a couple of questions, some of them are pretty quick here -- Deb, could you go over again why accounts receivable would be up, given the drop in sales and thanks for adjusting for the securitization but was this an issue of timing during the quarter?
Deborah Thomas: That’s exactly what it was, Sean. It’s really just timing of when the collections come due. That’s why we had said we are very comfortable with the quality of the receivables and the collectability. It’s timing and then the fact that we didn’t [securitize] obviously has a big impact. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Right. Okay, Brian, you mentioned that Joe did more revenue outside the U.S. -- were you referring to the box office or referring to your own shipments?
Brian Goldner: No, the box office was about 51%-49% international to domestic. On our shipments, it’s about 70-30 domestic. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: 70-30 U.S.?
Brian Goldner: Yes, 70-30 U.S. to international because we are just beginning to introduce many countries around the world to G.I. Joe. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, thanks for clarifying that. And when you said that Star Wars was a significant contributor, did you mean to imply that it was up in the quarter?
Brian Goldner: No, it’s not up in the quarter but given the size of the business and the fact that we were seeing as we launched the new Star Wars episodes in October, which is outside of the quarter, the way the product is selling and the way it’s been selling throughout the year, although it’s not up in the quarter we felt it was a major contributor and it should be noted. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, now there was some talk a while ago about a live action TV series -- has that been shelved?
Brian Goldner: No, I understand that development is ongoing and that is should come in the future. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. A couple of other things -- did you say in your comments how much the POS was up for games year-to-date? You know your actual measurable -- you know, your top four accounts or whatever, how much of that is up for games?
Brian Goldner: Games POS is up -- if you look at family games, children’s games, adult games, up overall year-to-date, had been flat and we are seeing acceleration now with family game nights just beginning, so that’s really where you are starting to see the acceleration in POS, and it’s up pretty strongly based on that. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. A couple of others -- Deb, on the JV, is it fair to say then of the $0.03 dilution, maybe $0.01 of that is, or rather -- there actually was $0.01 of profit from the JV’s operation itself and the rest of it is the interest and other expenses?
Deborah Thomas: I haven’t done the math to make sure -- 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. 
Deborah Thomas: -- said, but I think that [inaudible] was profitable and [inaudible] you could --
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, and then the last question, and I’m not trying to over-analyze your comments, Brian, I’m just trying to relate back to about a year ago -- I think what you said around this time a year ago was if current trends continue or if current retail sales continue, we should be able to grow sales and EPS and now what you are saying is if current -- if retail takeaway continues to improve, is that a subtle difference or are you essentially saying the right thing and I am reading too much into it? It sounds like you are saying things need to get better in order for you to have that result. Is that not right?
Brian Goldner: I think what we are trying to be very clear -- you know, now we are sitting in the -- we are sort of sitting in the season versus a year out and all we are trying to be clear about is clearly as we all know, the back-to-school season was not very good and so what we are now starting to see are the kinds of POS results we would expect in order to grow our business, so we’re just giving you a level of specificity around this quarter, our trends that we are seeing, and our belief that we can grow our business. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Thank you. Brian, just on the last note, are you saying the trends that are improving, are you seeing anything more than what you would anticipate on a seasonal basis or just picking up seasonally and again to what you need to grow your business, as you said?
Brian Goldner: I think it’s more the latter. I think what we were all not entirely surprised about but certainly had seen in the August/September period was really a lack of robust consumer response and we all know and it’s been across a number of consumer categories. Toys certainly has performed better than other consumer products categories, and we’ve tried to note that as well as the industry’s down just a bit versus other major categories.  In our business again, we had seen some trends in third quarter where our POS was up 1.8% but we are now starting to see an improvement versus that and we are starting to get the kinds of trends that would tell us we can grow our business. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay, so again in line with what you are thinking from a seasonal pick-up and what you need to hit your goals?
Brian Goldner: That’s exactly right. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Great, okay. And then along that line, I think you alluded to this in one of the earlier questions in response, and some comments from a competitor on Friday -- the seasonal or the normal discounting that you see out there, or co-op money, however you want to term it, is that materially different on a normalized basis this year than what you have seen from a historical basis? Maybe throw out last year, obviously, that was kind of a different year but are you seeing anything different? And again, in context of the -- what would appear to be on the surface a greater promotional activity among some of the larger retailers?
Brian Goldner: No, our discounts and allowances is very in line with longer term historical trends, not like last year. And certainly most of those major discounts happened in the fourth quarter, if you’ll remember all the news had come out mid-September through the beginning of October and then we had seen the majority of the markdowns or the allowances. So for us, you know, really we provide to the retailers promotions, discounts, and then they use them as they wish to to execute their strategies. We’re not seeing anything out of the ordinary. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay. And another clarification on Star Wars -- is it fair to say that that’s performing better than your expectations for this year, given some of the responses to questions you’ve had so far? Just to make sure I’m interpreting that correctly. 
Brian Goldner: Yeah, no, you are and I am glad I’m clear -- it is performing. It’s held up really well this year. It’s performing very well this year, although I can't say it was up in the quarter but overall it’s a major contributor for us and we continue to see great vitality in the brand. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay, and then one for David and one for Deb -- David, the pricing, you really didn’t comment, or nobody really commented too much on the pricing front. In the second quarter, you mentioned that as some of the input costs have come down, you’d given back a little bit of the pricing that you had taken then. Could you just sort of update us what happened in the third quarter and your expectations for the fourth?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yeah, as you know, we took two price increases last year and another 3% roughly price increase in February this year, and the retailers were pushing back a bit on that, particularly seeing as the commodity costs are starting to trend down. And what we really did when we took the 3% price increase is said that to the extent that we get significant reductions in commodity costs, we would pass those through back to the retailers and we didn’t unwind the 3% price increase we took but selectively working with retailers on a very much a rifle as opposed to a shotgun approach, to the extent that we had broken a barrier at retail like $20 seemed to be a key barrier, so to the extent that we had gone $19.99 to $21.99 and it was hurting sales and we could see that, we rolled back. So to the extent that we got some reduction in commodity costs, which was helpful to us, we worked with our retailers to selectively pull some prices back where we could see it was impacting the business. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay, and then -- so again, that continued through the third quarter and -- 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, really we were done by then so there was nothing really new in the third quarter over and above that. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then Deb, I apologize, your comment about the 58% gross margin goal, just could you state that again and go over that briefly?
Deborah Thomas: Certainly. As Brian and David have talked about, we are pricing our product to achieve our costs and we expect that our gross margin will return to our historic 58% level, approximate 58. We tend to be on a full-year basis 58% plus a little bit on an historical basis on gross margin, so our expectation is for the full year that we will be around that level. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay, great. We’ll see you on the 5th. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel Nicolaus.
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: A couple of questions on the entertainment properties -- Brian, to the best you can quantify the number of SKUs you have for Toy Story, and then on Star Wars, is there any opportunity to put Lucas related content on the JV?
Brian Goldner: So on Toy Story, we have really a full array of Toy Story games, as well as our line of Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head, and you will see that both as mostly co-branded games and there’s a lot of really great innovations we’ll share with you guys on what that line looks like. I don’t have the number of SKUs in front of me but we’ll follow up and make sure you guys have that. But again, a nice broad array and we are very excited about that property coming in June next year.  And Star Wars for Lucas, you know, at the end of the day, it will be up to Lucas as they develop new series and properties. Given that Clone Wars is on television ongoing, it’s really contributing to our business. We’ve talked about Friends of the Family coming on to the JV network and you will see Friends of the Family come on to the network. We don’t have any specific decision on, or any specific conversation on Lucas or Star Wars coming on to the network. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, fair enough. And a question on the costs, the advertising down 11% in the quarter and the revenue guidance implies that you are going to be up high single digits in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about plans for advertising as it relates to television? You know, we are seeing CPMs down, there’s greater reliance on the scatter market and just given those dynamics, can you talk about how you are approaching advertising in the fourth quarter?
Brian Goldner: One of the things to look at as you look at the P&L is if you were to look at royalties, which obviously for us is both our own properties where we are paying royalties to studio for making motion pictures supporting our brand as well as others, and you add that to advertising, we are actually 18.4% of revenues this year up against 18% a year ago. And if you look year-to-date, it’s actually pretty consistent.  We look at entertainment properties as certainly an investment and continuing to contribute to advertising and so that formula works for us. In an entertainment heavy year, you might see that mix between the two change but that’s in order to accomplish getting our entertainment out in the market. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and one last question -- Deb, can you talk about the driver behind the -- I guess reduction and dilution from the JV? I think you were originally forecasting $0.15 to $0.20. Now it looks like $0.13 to $0.14. 
Deborah Thomas: I think it’s largely been due to the timing, as Brian mentioned. We’ve now got the team in place and it’s continuing to be amassed, so it’s really due to the timing of the expenses and as we’ve gotten more into it seeing what this year would look like, we continue to keep our expectations the same for next year. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi.
Greg Badishkanian - Citi: Just wondering, in terms of your customers, as you speak to them, toy buyers at your biggest accounts, how are they approaching Christmas and holiday? Are they planning to have higher or lower inventories than last year? And has that mood changed over the last few months with the economy seeing signs of picking up?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think clearly they are aiming to finish the year with lower inventories than they had at the end of last year and they are taking a very cautious approach. That said, I think whilst they are cautious overall, they are looking to Hasbro to maybe outperform the market. I think with the DVDs of Transformers and G.I. Joe coming, with the television programming Clone Wars episode 2 starting during the fourth quarter, we have things like the family game night promotion, we have things like the Monopoly promotions going on. I think the retailers to some extent are looking to Hasbro to help drive their business during the fourth quarter and they are willing to sort of reach out and take a fair amount of our product in.  But overall, we are clearly looking to finish the year with less inventory than they did last year, so they are taking a cautious approach and I think things will come later rather than earlier during the quarter. 
Greg Badishkanian - Citi: Right. Last year things were pretty dire, so -- and toy overall sales weren’t a disaster so I’d imagine they might be a little bit more optimistic than last year. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: You know, I think they are cautiously optimistic, so I think they’ve ordered inventory and set their expectations expecting that things won't particularly get a lot better but if things, if the consumer does show up more so than back to school, I think they will probably get more upside than downside, given the cautious approach that the retailers are taking. 
Greg Badishkanian - Citi: Right, and also maybe internationally, if you can -- maybe some key differences in terms of retail sales trends versus what we are seeing here in the United States, and also just currency impacts, I don’t know if I missed that one, for the fourth quarter. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: You know, it’s a mixed bag internationally. The Mexico, Spain, and the U.K. -- the U.K. partially impacted by the closing of [Woolworth], which was a big toy retailer -- those three markets are down. They’ve been down all year. We’ve done better and the market has been better in places like France, Germany, Australia, and Canada have held up fairly well, and some of our emerging markets like Brazil and Chile, we’re still making significant growth year-on-year. So it’s kind of a mixed bag. I think by product line, one of the areas we’ve talked about being down more significantly in Europe than the U.S. was games. Thus far this year the market is down about 8% but we are outperforming the market. We’ve gained market share in the U.S., U.K., France, Germany, and Italy. So I think that’s the main difference. And then really the fourth quarter currency impact, Deb, do you want to answer that one?
Deborah Thomas: As we said at our analyst meeting in February, we expected currency to essentially be flat in the fourth quarter, the impact, but if we see current trends continuing, we may get a little bit of a benefit from it. 
Greg Badishkanian - Citi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Blaeser with Morgan Joseph. And our final question will come from Hayley Wolff with Rochdale Securities.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: I have just two questions for you. First, the aggressive pricing that is coming out of Walmart and Target in the toy category, how do you think about that as it pertains to your business and the overall toy sales? Do you think it drives toy sales or do you think it becomes a share battle?
Brian Goldner: I think it does drive toy sales and albeit it’s at more of a value-oriented price point, which is consistent with what we are seeing in consumers desires this fall. 
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: And does that factor into your optimism coming into the fourth quarter?
Brian Goldner: You know, we’ve seen -- across the board, we’ve started to see the kind of momentum you need to see in a holiday season in order to achieve a fourth quarter result and it’s come across very strong POS even in our preschool business, our games business, girls business, so broad POS increases that you would like to see in the season. 
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: Okay, and the second question is looking out to 2011 and given the movie slate that you have, how do you think retailers will manage having that many movies in the theaters and the associated product? I mean, is it -- do we think of it is as purely incremental? Do we think of it as somewhat of a zero sum gain? 
Brian Goldner: Well, having been in the boys toys business for a very long time, I would actually say boys toys among categories is very elastic based on great characters and great stories and great entertainment and the elasticity in the category can grow that category pretty considerably. And based on that plus great strategic plans we put together with retail partners around the world and the great efforts of all these different studios and our own properties as well as other people’s IP, we feel very good about the year and our ability to execute. We continue to hone all of the elements of our strategy from marketing to supply chain in order to achieve that. But again, I think that there’s great elasticity in that category and it should be a great year. 
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: So you think that they have the capacity on the shelves to stock all the different SKUs with five or six movies?
Brian Goldner: Sure, I mean, even this year if you look at all the different brands that are supported at retailers, there’s linear footage for a lot of different brands. I think that these are going to be some of the headliners for 2011 and certainly the retailers can accomplish that and we’ll partner with them to ensure that all these different brands get great opportunities for launches and the marketing throughout the years, as well as during the DVD period. 
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: Okay. All right, thank you. 
Operator: At this time, I will turn the conference back over to Karen Warren.
Karen A. Warren: Thank you, Rochelle. I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today. A replay of the call will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Thanks so much. 
Operator: And that will conclude today’s call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen A. Warren - Investor Relations Brian Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Deborah Thomas - Chief Financial Officer David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee Robert Carroll - UBS Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin  Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray  Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus Thomas Russo - Gardner Russo & Gardner John G. Taylor - Arcadia Jeff Blaeser - Morgan Joseph  Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Hasbro second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) With us today from the company is Karen Warren, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer; and Deb Thomas, Chief Financial Officer. To better understand our results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at Hasbro.com. We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share.  During the call this morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and Deb will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during the call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for future financial performance and achieving our objective.  There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian. 
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Our company has performed well in what continues to be a very challenging global environment. Our ability to deliver growth in revenues and earnings per share, including the dilution from the joint venture with Discovery Communications, was due to broad-based strength across our core brand portfolio and strong execution by the Hasbro team globally.  Revenues were up 1%, or $7.9 million, to $792.2 million in the quarter. In constant dollars, revenues grew 7% to $836.7 million. We experienced growth in a number of brands, including Transformers, Littlest Pet Shop, G.I. Joe, Nerf, Tonka, and Play-doh.  Net earnings for the quarter were $39.3 million compared to $37.5 million in 2008, with earnings per share of $0.26 compared to $0.25 a year ago. Excluding the joint venture investment and financing of the joint venture, earnings per share for the quarter would have grown 28% to $0.32 per share. 
 : In the quarter, the theatrical release of Transformers Revenge of the Fallen was a record-breaking global success. After just 26 days, it has reached $762 million globally at the box office. To put this in context, the first film’s total box office receipts were $707 million.  The film continues to perform exceptionally well in all 63 territories in which it has opened. In China, it became the highest grossing film ever in just 19 screening days. One of the main reasons for the phenomenal ticket sales in China is the solid fan base for the Transformers animated television series that dates back to the 1980s.  We couldn’t be more pleased with the performance both at the box office and at retail. Retailers around the world recognize that certain brands like Transformers bring to life the entire store for consumers, which translates into premium placement and representation across multiple departments for those brands. Along with our line of toys and games, Transformers has more than 250 licensees that gives us a presence in many aisles at retail. There is no question that motion pictures play a major role in shaping the storewide promotional plans of retailers.  In looking at Transformers sales in 2007, the stronger revenue contributions from the brand occurred in the third and fourth quarters. After a very strong second quarter, we expect to see similar results this year.  Product went on shelf about a week ago for the August 7th release of G.I. Joe The Rise of Cobra. We have great product placement at retail. We also have over 100 licensees offering G.I. Joe branded lifestyle products with more than half of these out side North America.  As we’ve said, one of our strategic tent poles is to grow our brands globally. Nerf is a great example, with sales up a strong 33% in the quarter, due to continued strength in the U.S. and our expansion into all major markets around the world. On 9/9/09 we’ll be launching the Nerf Raider Rapid Fire Blaster with some great events planned at retail and promotional programs going into the fall to drive sales in the all-important fourth quarter.  The preschool business declined 3%, primarily due to our decision not to carry forward the Rose Petal Cottage line. In the quarter, Play-doh and Tonka had good growth year over year. Additionally, the Playskool core line performed well, with domestic retail POS with our top four customers up a strong 13% in the quarter, due to increase in infant, Potato Head, and Play Box essentials.  The girls category grew 4%, with Littlest Pet Shop continuing to do very well, up a solid 16% in the quarter. Easy Bake was also up year over year. My Little Pony and Furreal Friends were down globally compared to a year ago, although I would note that Furreal Friends performed very well in North America where it was up a solid 26%.  Primarily due to the timing of shipments for promotional programs we are executing over the coming months, games and puzzles were down 17%. However, we are seeing good indications that our efforts are gaining traction at retail with domestic POS up a strong 23% with each major game category up significantly.  Beginning in August, we have a number of global marketing initiatives planned at retail as part of our family game night program. With a difficult economy, many families are staying closer to home this year and we want to be sure their plans include playing Hasbro's great games.  Earlier this year, we launched a new line of card games, including Monopoly Deal and Scrabble Slam. We are very pleased with the results thus far. Year-to-date we’ve sold over 1 million games.  The digital games business is an integral component of creating immersive brand experiences. This year we have a full slate of Hasbro branded games planned for all major platforms through our partnership with Electronic Arts, Activision, and [Glu Mobile]. The new wave of videogames builds on the momentum achieved by Electronic Arts in the past 18 months, with its release of nearly 40 Hasbro inspired titles across 16 brands and 13 platforms, several of which have held top rankings by platform.  For board game fames, in June EA released Battleship, Yahtzee, Connect Four, Scrabble, Boggle, and Sorry on Xbox Live Arcade. In conjunction with the movie release, Activision released Transformers Revenge of the Fallen for Xbox 360, PlayStation 2 and 3, the Wii, Windows PC and Nintendo DS.  [Glu Mobile] had the biggest launch in its history with the release of Transformers games for a variety of mobile devices, as well as a mini-application for the iPhone. At launch, [Glu Mobile] published over 35,000 SKUs of the game in seven languages across 150 carriers in 70 different countries.  EA has a couple of releases coming up next month, including G.I. Joe The Rise of Cobra on Xbox 360, PlayStation 2 and 3, Nintendo DS, and mobile devices. This fall they are launching the Littlest Pet Shop Online in the U.S., along with Family Game Night 2 for the Wii and Nintendo DS.  In 2009, we expect to continue to grow our digital gaming revenue.  As we discuss immersive brand experiences, let me shift gears a bit and talk about the joint venture we announced in the second quarter with Discovery Communications. As we look to broaden our anytime, anywhere strategy through television, Hasbro's partnership with Discovery provides our core brands with yet another powerful entertainment tent pole through this television network. Experience and industry data has also shown us that brands linked to entertainment enjoy a price premium to basic products, or private labels. In addition to investing in our strategy to grow our core brands globally, we have invested time, money, and resources in beginning to turn our brands into power houses in the motion picture arena and in digital gaming.  To support our television strategy, we will be making the necessary investments in providing consumers with great programming that will enlighten, empower, educate, and entertain.  We have a commitment to work with great creative stewards on a number of classic brands, such as Romper Room, Trivial Pursuit, Scrabble, Cranium, My Little Pony, G.I. Joe, Game of Life, Tonka, and Transformers to name just a few.  Last week Hasbro and Discovery Communications announced the appointment of Margaret Leche, an award-winning industry veteran, to the position of President and CEO of the network. We believe Margaret is one of the best leaders in the industry. She has a consistent track record of creating ground-breaking children’s programming, an unparalleled success in children’s and family entertainment. The management teams at both Hasbro and Discovery really look forward to working with Margaret and the team she assembles to build a powerful and immersive new destination for family entertainment that engages both children and parents alike.  One we hire a Hasbro studio head, we’ll be assembling a creative team charged with developing and producing programming for the network. In addition, we are reaching out to our partners and other third parties who are already developing great programming. We have signed our first new program for the network, WotWots from Weta Workshops, a popular preschool program that is airing in New Zealand, Australia, and the U.K.  It is also important to note that original programming developed for this joint venture will be available not only on the network but also for viewing online at our network’s new website, which is also within Hasbro.com and other digital and mobile platforms, including other popular TV viewing sites.  Our brands have proven to have resonance with consumers and a host of entertainment mediums outside of toys and games and we believe the time is right for Hasbro to bring our innovation into television to complement our successful partnerships in both the motion picture, online, and digital gaming arenas. As we look ahead, we feel good about our business, both this year and in 2010. Many of you are beginning to think about our 2010 lineup. Let me highlight some of the initiatives we have planned to provide consumers with immersive brand experiences in any form or format they want anytime or anywhere.  First, in motion picture supported initiatives, we have two product lines for two major films, Iron Man 2 from Marvel and Toy Story 3 from Disney. In 2008, Iron Man exceeded everyone’s expectations and we expect it to be a very strong line for Hasbro next year.  For Disney’s June release of Toy Story 3, we have a great new line of co-branded games and puzzles, along with our line of movie-related Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head.  After coming off of strong box office results this year, we expect our Transformers and G.I. Joe business to continue to do very well next year. No different than Transformers in 2008, our experience has shown that the momentum continues into the year following the movie.  In television, we expect support for Transformers and G.I. Joe and new episodes of the animated Clone Wars series from Star Wars. For Marvel, this year they have television support for Spider-man, Iron Man, and Wolverine with Superhero Squad coming this fall to Cartoon Network. We would expect to see continued television support from Marvel in 2010.  We also know movie related DVD releases provide another level of support for our brands. This fall, we are expecting DVD releases for both the Transformers and G.I. Joe movies. Recently, our licensee, Shout Factory, released season number one of G.I. Joe A Real American Hero, and re-released the original Transformers animated TV series from 1984 on DVD.  We had exceptional results, with Transformers selling over 100,000 units of the first three DVD box sets in four weeks in North America. The power of re-releasing these series is that it introduces the next generation to the origins of Transformers and G.I. Joe and gives them a better understanding of where these brands are today.  Being able to experience our brands in the online world is critical as the category is growing by about 19% a year and is expected to be a $2.5 billion category in 2011. This includes virtual worlds and online gaming for both kids and adults.  Through our relationship with EA, today we have a number of our brands available online, including Monopoly and Boggle through Club Pogo. In the fall, we’ll be launching Littlest Pet Shop online in the U.S., with many different ways for girls to join, such as a plush purchase with a secret code and through various subscription offerings. A global rollout is planned beginning in the spring of 2010 with next year being the first full year Littlest Pet Shop online will be available globally.  To complement all of the entertainment support, we have great innovation, products, and marketing campaigns planned for next year. The core cast of ponies is returning to the My Little Pony line. It is the first full year of Strawberry Shortcake. We are also reintroducing Care Bears. And as we all know, great brands have birthdays -- from our core brand portfolio, we have two next year. Monopoly will be celebrating its 75th anniversary and the Game of Life its 50th.  This is just a sampling of what’s coming in 2010. We have much more planned that we will share with you later this year at our analyst day. For the remainder of 2009, we will continue to invest in our business, while closely managing our costs. While there are challenges in 2009, we believe we have the potential to grow revenue and earnings per share, including the impact of the joint venture. We remain committed to our long-term strategy, a strategy that has been successful and one we believe will drive growth, continue to differentiate Hasbro, and create long-term value for our shareholders.  With that, let me now turn the call over to Deb Thomas. Deb. 
 : In the quarter, the theatrical release of Transformers Revenge of the Fallen was a record-breaking global success. After just 26 days, it has reached $762 million globally at the box office. To put this in context, the first film’s total box office receipts were $707 million.  The film continues to perform exceptionally well in all 63 territories in which it has opened. In China, it became the highest grossing film ever in just 19 screening days. One of the main reasons for the phenomenal ticket sales in China is the solid fan base for the Transformers animated television series that dates back to the 1980s.  We couldn’t be more pleased with the performance both at the box office and at retail. Retailers around the world recognize that certain brands like Transformers bring to life the entire store for consumers, which translates into premium placement and representation across multiple departments for those brands. Along with our line of toys and games, Transformers has more than 250 licensees that gives us a presence in many aisles at retail. There is no question that motion pictures play a major role in shaping the storewide promotional plans of retailers.  In looking at Transformers sales in 2007, the stronger revenue contributions from the brand occurred in the third and fourth quarters. After a very strong second quarter, we expect to see similar results this year.  Product went on shelf about a week ago for the August 7th release of G.I. Joe The Rise of Cobra. We have great product placement at retail. We also have over 100 licensees offering G.I. Joe branded lifestyle products with more than half of these out side North America.  As we’ve said, one of our strategic tent poles is to grow our brands globally. Nerf is a great example, with sales up a strong 33% in the quarter, due to continued strength in the U.S. and our expansion into all major markets around the world. On 9/9/09 we’ll be launching the Nerf Raider Rapid Fire Blaster with some great events planned at retail and promotional programs going into the fall to drive sales in the all-important fourth quarter.  The preschool business declined 3%, primarily due to our decision not to carry forward the Rose Petal Cottage line. In the quarter, Play-doh and Tonka had good growth year over year. Additionally, the Playskool core line performed well, with domestic retail POS with our top four customers up a strong 13% in the quarter, due to increase in infant, Potato Head, and Play Box essentials.  The girls category grew 4%, with Littlest Pet Shop continuing to do very well, up a solid 16% in the quarter. Easy Bake was also up year over year. My Little Pony and Furreal Friends were down globally compared to a year ago, although I would note that Furreal Friends performed very well in North America where it was up a solid 26%.  Primarily due to the timing of shipments for promotional programs we are executing over the coming months, games and puzzles were down 17%. However, we are seeing good indications that our efforts are gaining traction at retail with domestic POS up a strong 23% with each major game category up significantly.  Beginning in August, we have a number of global marketing initiatives planned at retail as part of our family game night program. With a difficult economy, many families are staying closer to home this year and we want to be sure their plans include playing Hasbro's great games.  Earlier this year, we launched a new line of card games, including Monopoly Deal and Scrabble Slam. We are very pleased with the results thus far. Year-to-date we’ve sold over 1 million games.  The digital games business is an integral component of creating immersive brand experiences. This year we have a full slate of Hasbro branded games planned for all major platforms through our partnership with Electronic Arts, Activision, and [Glu Mobile]. The new wave of videogames builds on the momentum achieved by Electronic Arts in the past 18 months, with its release of nearly 40 Hasbro inspired titles across 16 brands and 13 platforms, several of which have held top rankings by platform.  For board game fames, in June EA released Battleship, Yahtzee, Connect Four, Scrabble, Boggle, and Sorry on Xbox Live Arcade. In conjunction with the movie release, Activision released Transformers Revenge of the Fallen for Xbox 360, PlayStation 2 and 3, the Wii, Windows PC and Nintendo DS.  [Glu Mobile] had the biggest launch in its history with the release of Transformers games for a variety of mobile devices, as well as a mini-application for the iPhone. At launch, [Glu Mobile] published over 35,000 SKUs of the game in seven languages across 150 carriers in 70 different countries.  EA has a couple of releases coming up next month, including G.I. Joe The Rise of Cobra on Xbox 360, PlayStation 2 and 3, Nintendo DS, and mobile devices. This fall they are launching the Littlest Pet Shop Online in the U.S., along with Family Game Night 2 for the Wii and Nintendo DS.  In 2009, we expect to continue to grow our digital gaming revenue.  As we discuss immersive brand experiences, let me shift gears a bit and talk about the joint venture we announced in the second quarter with Discovery Communications. As we look to broaden our anytime, anywhere strategy through television, Hasbro's partnership with Discovery provides our core brands with yet another powerful entertainment tent pole through this television network. Experience and industry data has also shown us that brands linked to entertainment enjoy a price premium to basic products, or private labels. In addition to investing in our strategy to grow our core brands globally, we have invested time, money, and resources in beginning to turn our brands into power houses in the motion picture arena and in digital gaming.  To support our television strategy, we will be making the necessary investments in providing consumers with great programming that will enlighten, empower, educate, and entertain.  We have a commitment to work with great creative stewards on a number of classic brands, such as Romper Room, Trivial Pursuit, Scrabble, Cranium, My Little Pony, G.I. Joe, Game of Life, Tonka, and Transformers to name just a few.  Last week Hasbro and Discovery Communications announced the appointment of Margaret Leche, an award-winning industry veteran, to the position of President and CEO of the network. We believe Margaret is one of the best leaders in the industry. She has a consistent track record of creating ground-breaking children’s programming, an unparalleled success in children’s and family entertainment. The management teams at both Hasbro and Discovery really look forward to working with Margaret and the team she assembles to build a powerful and immersive new destination for family entertainment that engages both children and parents alike.  One we hire a Hasbro studio head, we’ll be assembling a creative team charged with developing and producing programming for the network. In addition, we are reaching out to our partners and other third parties who are already developing great programming. We have signed our first new program for the network, WotWots from Weta Workshops, a popular preschool program that is airing in New Zealand, Australia, and the U.K.  It is also important to note that original programming developed for this joint venture will be available not only on the network but also for viewing online at our network’s new website, which is also within Hasbro.com and other digital and mobile platforms, including other popular TV viewing sites.  Our brands have proven to have resonance with consumers and a host of entertainment mediums outside of toys and games and we believe the time is right for Hasbro to bring our innovation into television to complement our successful partnerships in both the motion picture, online, and digital gaming arenas. As we look ahead, we feel good about our business, both this year and in 2010. Many of you are beginning to think about our 2010 lineup. Let me highlight some of the initiatives we have planned to provide consumers with immersive brand experiences in any form or format they want anytime or anywhere.  First, in motion picture supported initiatives, we have two product lines for two major films, Iron Man 2 from Marvel and Toy Story 3 from Disney. In 2008, Iron Man exceeded everyone’s expectations and we expect it to be a very strong line for Hasbro next year.  For Disney’s June release of Toy Story 3, we have a great new line of co-branded games and puzzles, along with our line of movie-related Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head.  After coming off of strong box office results this year, we expect our Transformers and G.I. Joe business to continue to do very well next year. No different than Transformers in 2008, our experience has shown that the momentum continues into the year following the movie.  In television, we expect support for Transformers and G.I. Joe and new episodes of the animated Clone Wars series from Star Wars. For Marvel, this year they have television support for Spider-man, Iron Man, and Wolverine with Superhero Squad coming this fall to Cartoon Network. We would expect to see continued television support from Marvel in 2010.  We also know movie related DVD releases provide another level of support for our brands. This fall, we are expecting DVD releases for both the Transformers and G.I. Joe movies. Recently, our licensee, Shout Factory, released season number one of G.I. Joe A Real American Hero, and re-released the original Transformers animated TV series from 1984 on DVD.  We had exceptional results, with Transformers selling over 100,000 units of the first three DVD box sets in four weeks in North America. The power of re-releasing these series is that it introduces the next generation to the origins of Transformers and G.I. Joe and gives them a better understanding of where these brands are today.  Being able to experience our brands in the online world is critical as the category is growing by about 19% a year and is expected to be a $2.5 billion category in 2011. This includes virtual worlds and online gaming for both kids and adults.  Through our relationship with EA, today we have a number of our brands available online, including Monopoly and Boggle through Club Pogo. In the fall, we’ll be launching Littlest Pet Shop online in the U.S., with many different ways for girls to join, such as a plush purchase with a secret code and through various subscription offerings. A global rollout is planned beginning in the spring of 2010 with next year being the first full year Littlest Pet Shop online will be available globally.  To complement all of the entertainment support, we have great innovation, products, and marketing campaigns planned for next year. The core cast of ponies is returning to the My Little Pony line. It is the first full year of Strawberry Shortcake. We are also reintroducing Care Bears. And as we all know, great brands have birthdays -- from our core brand portfolio, we have two next year. Monopoly will be celebrating its 75th anniversary and the Game of Life its 50th.  This is just a sampling of what’s coming in 2010. We have much more planned that we will share with you later this year at our analyst day. For the remainder of 2009, we will continue to invest in our business, while closely managing our costs. While there are challenges in 2009, we believe we have the potential to grow revenue and earnings per share, including the impact of the joint venture. We remain committed to our long-term strategy, a strategy that has been successful and one we believe will drive growth, continue to differentiate Hasbro, and create long-term value for our shareholders.  With that, let me now turn the call over to Deb Thomas. Deb. 
Deborah Thomas: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone. I am delighted to be discussing our results with you on the call this morning. Before I review our performance for the quarter, I would like to provide an overview of the presentation of the joint venture with Discovery Communications in our results.  As we shared with you when we announced the joint venture on April 30th, we planned to consolidate the joint venture results in Hasbro's financials. Based on recent changes in the financial accounting standards board accounting rules, we will be using the equity method to account for the joint venture and will not be consolidating the JV into our results. This means that Hasbro's 50% share of the earnings for the JV for this quarter and going forward will be included in the other income and expense line of our statement of operations below operating profit.  Revenues and operating expenses of the JV will not be included in Hasbro's revenue and operating expense line items.  I also want to point out the impact on our reported net earnings and earnings per share is no different under the equity method than if we had consolidated the JV into our results. The only change is in the presentations. Hasbro did, however, have expenses associated with our investment. As we go through the P&L, I will identify these expenses, which include deal costs and advisory fees in selling, distribution, and administration, and financing costs and interest expense.  Now let’s review our second quarter performance.  We said earlier this year 2009 would be a challenging year due to the global economy. We also said that we expected to see improvement in our business in the second quarter, which we did. I am very pleased to report that we grew revenues and earnings per share despite both the adverse impact of foreign exchange and the impact of our investment in the joint venture.  For the quarter, we delivered worldwide net revenues of $792.2 million, compared to $784.3 million last year, an increase of 1% or $7.9 million. Excluding the unfavorable $44.5 million impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 7% or $52.4 million.  We delivered record operating profit for the second quarter, with operating profit of $73.1 million or 9.2% of revenue, compared to $65.5 million or 8.4% of revenue last year. Operating profit was impacted by $7.2 million of expenses in the FD&A line related to our investment in the joint venture. Absent these expenses, operating profit would have been $80.3 million, or 10.1% of revenue.  Moving on to our segment results, beginning with the U.S. and Canada segment, net revenues were $490.9 million, compared with $467.7 million last year, an increase of $23.2 million, or 5%.  U.S. and Canada operating profit for the quarter was $56.3 million, or 11.5% of revenue, compared to $43.7 million or 9.3% of revenue last year, an improvement of 29%. The increase in the operating margin is primarily due to the increase in volume.  Net revenues in the international segment were $276.2 million, compared to $293.7 million a year ago. The segment was down 6% in U.S. dollars but up 9% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. As it relates to the economy, we have found that the emerging markets overall continue to grow but not at the rates we expected. In a number of areas, the economy has bee particularly difficult with retailer closings and credit issues impacting some of our customers.  The international segment reported operating profit of $16.5 million compared to $14 million last year, an improvement of 18%.  As we indicated in April when we announced the joint venture, beginning this quarter we would be reporting the renamed entertainment and licensing segment. This segment includes our lifestyle licensing, digital gaming, movie, online entertainment, and television, which includes the joint venture and our virtual studio costs. Since we are not consolidating the joint venture into Hasbro's financials, the results of the JV are included in other income expense and are not part of the segment’s operating profit. Previously the entertainment and licensing segment was included in our SEC filings as our other segment.  Net revenues in the entertainment and licensing segment were $24.2 million compared to $21.3 million a year ago. The entertainment and licensing segment reported operating profit of $2.9 million compared to $8 million last year. The decrease is due to one-time advisory fees and deal costs associated with our investment in the joint venture.  Now let’s take a look at earnings -- for the second quarter, we reported net earnings of $39.3 million, or $0.26 per share. This compares to $37.5 million, or $0.25 per share in 2008. Excluding the after-tax $8.8 million impact of our investment in the joint venture and financing costs, earnings would have been $48.1 million or $0.32 per share.  Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization were $118.4 million compared to $109.3 million a year ago. Gross margin for the second quarter was 59.7% compared to 60.7% a year ago, decline primarily due to a change in product mix.  Now let’s take a look at expenses. Royalty expense increase for the quarter to $738 million, or 9.3% of revenue, compared to $68.2 million, or 8.7% a year ago as entertainment driven brands, which include our own core brands, continue to play a major role in our growth.  Research and product development expense totaled $43.5 million, and was relatively flat on a percentage basis compared to a year ago.  Advertising expense declined to $81.7 million, or 10.3% of revenue, compared to $86.2 million or 11% of revenue last year. The decline is primarily due to a change in product mix as we have more entertainment base business this quarter compared to a year ago.  SD&A expense declined in dollars and as a percent of revenue to $181.9 million, or 23% of revenue in 2009, compared to $190.1 million, or 24.2% last year. Included in SD&A were one-time expenses associated with the joint venture, specifically $7.2 million in advisory fees and deal costs.  Interest expense increased by $4.6 million to $17.5 million. The 2009 second quarter includes approximately $7 million associated with the new long-term debt issuance and costs related to a short-term bank facility commitment. Both expenses were part of our investment in the joint venture.  Other income net totaled $1.3 million compared to income of $2.7 million a year ago. The decline in other income is primarily due to a decrease in interest income resulting from lower interest rates and cash balances.  Our 50% share of the joint venture results are included in this line on the P&L. This quarter, our share of the earnings in the joint venture inclusive of amortization expense totaled $1 million.  Our underlying 2009 tax rate was 29.5% compared to our 2008 full-year underlying tax rate of 32.8%.  As we finalized our investment in the joint venture, we have updated the related dilution guidance for 2009 and 2010. When we announced the joint venture with Discovery Communications, we anticipated dilution of $0.25 to $0.30 per share in 2009. We are revising our guidance and we now expect dilution of $0.15 to $0.20 per share in 2009.  The non-recurring one-time costs, including advisory fees, have not changed. What has changed is the cost of financing and the amount of joint venture amortization expense, both of which are lower than we initially anticipated.  In May, we issued five-year notes with an interest rate of 6.125%. Due to very favorable credit markets, we were able to secure the debt at a rate that was significantly lower than we originally estimated.  With respect to amortization, we had initially assumed that the joint venture would have intangible assets which would all need to be amortized over a relatively short 10-year period.  As final valuations were performed, the actual amount of amortizable assets are less than what we estimated and the amortization period is longer. This results in a lower annual amortization expense of joint venture intangibles. These factors also positively impact our expected dilution in 2010. We now expect dilution in the range of $0.25 to $0.30 per share.  Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $392 million, compared to $594.6 million a year ago. We generated significant cash from operations during the last 12 months and we raised $425 million through a debt offering. However, in the second quarter we spent $300 million for our 50% investment in the joint venture with Discovery. Additionally in the last 12 months, we spent $135 million to pay down maturing debt and $95 million to extend our agreements with Marvel and Lucas.  Finally, we did not repurchase any shares in the quarter.  Our receivables at $652.6 million were up $90.1 million compared to $562.5 million last year. The increase is primarily due to the timing of shipments, many of which occurred at the very end of the first quarter and as such were not collected until early July.  DSOs were 74 days compared to 65 days last year. This increase is also due to the timing of shipments.  Inventories decreased to $346.8 million compared to $375 million a year ago and were flat in constant dollars.  In closing, we are pleased with the results we reported today. As we look to the remainder of the year, the environment is expected to remain challenging. That said, we believe that the underlying strength of our brands and our commitment to our strategy should enable Hasbro to grow revenue and earnings per share in 2009, including the expected dilution from our television investment and absent a material deterioration in economic conditions or the value of foreign currencies.  With that, Brian, David, and I would be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll have our first question from Margaret Whitfield with Stern Agee.
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Good morning, everyone. I guess first for Deb -- could you give us more information on the amortization, which you said would be lessened for a greater period of time? That’s my first question, and then I have a few others for Brain. 
Deborah Thomas: Certainly, Margaret, good morning. The amortization in the joint venture is expected to be less in the joint venture itself because as we had our final valuations done for the assets, not all of the assets that were in the joint venture are amortizable. There was some good will that arose in the joint venture. In addition to that, we found as we got deeper into industry practices that the lives associated with these assets were longer than what we had estimated when we calculated our original models and that made us have a longer life over a lower asset base, which in turn reduced the amortization expense. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: So what period are we talking about now? Not the ten years that you discussed, something longer?
Deborah Thomas: Yes. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Fifteen year, 20 years -- can you give us some ballpark number on both a dollar amount and a time frame?
Deborah Thomas: I think what we have found is that on average when we did the valuations that some of the intangible assets for this industry are amortized over a 20 to 30 year period. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Okay. And the amount involved in total is?
Deborah Thomas: The amount, I don’t think we’ve discussed -- that’s part of the joint venture. That’s not part of Hasbro's results. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Okay. And for Brian, I wondered if you could break out the contribution of Transformers and G.I. Joe to sales in Q2?
Brian Goldner: We’re not going to give -- good morning, Margaret. We’re not going to give specific numbers on that. They are pretty consistent in percentage terms to 2007 on Transformers and again, we’ve said that our biggest quarters in Transformers were our Q3 and Q4, so we are really on track for our expectation in Transformers.  On G.I. Joe, we began shipping in time for the July 11th on-shelf date, so there were some shipments of G.I. Joe but certainly again, for both G.I. Joe and Transformers, not the kinds of total year numbers that we would expect. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Okay, and how about the Electronics Arts situation? Could you tell us if there was any earnings contribution in Q2?
Brian Goldner: Certainly they are paying royalties each of the quarters. We talked about a number of platforms. Our full-year expectation for royalties associated with the digital gaming business is to increase in 2009 versus 2008 and we feel very good about the progress that they have made. We are also equally excited about Activision and the Transformers launch. As well, [Glu Mobile] had a great success in launching the Transformers on mobile platforms. EA returns in the next month with G.I. Joe, The Rise of Cobra as a videogame plus Littlest Pet Shop Online begins this fall in the U.S. and then we’ll roll out globally.  So a number of initiatives, there are 40 in total over the last 18 months over a number of different platforms. They are not only great for business but also have been widely regarded by the users. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: And you mentioned you were talking to some of your partners about the JV, would that include Marvel and Lucas?
Brian Goldner: You know, we’re not going to talk specifically but I would say that the interest in the network is incredible. The number of great creative stewards out there who would like to participate in television, the number of people creating programming that are both, you know, what we’ve been calling friends of the family as well as just third-party programmers, people who have made wonderful shows throughout the years -- it’s all -- the interest is out there and pretty significant and we are very pleased to have Margaret Leche on board and heading the network. We are working on ahead of Hasbro studios and again, making a lot of progress across the board.  We brought in our first program for the network, which is WotWots from Weta Workshop. 
Margaret Whitfield - Stern Agee: Okay, thanks and good luck. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Robert Carroll with UBS.
Robert Carroll - UBS: Just a couple of quick questions -- just on the JV, for the dilution, for the changes in the dilution estimates, have there been any change to the costs that Hasbro expects to incur in terms of the development? Is it still on track for that $80 million to $100 million number?
Brian Goldner: You know, again, the $80 million to $100 million was a number we put out there to explain to people our commitment to produce programming based on rating success over time. So our expectations for the number of shows we will make is the same. Our expected costs are very similar so this is just about [AMORT] and some other things that have changed as the way we look to account for it. So we are equally aggressive about our plans but recognize that we don’t need to produce $100 million worth of programming a year. We’re just trying to give people a sense for the scale of what we could produce over time, given the ratings success and the growth of the network. 
Robert Carroll - UBS: Okay, and this may be a little bit more granular than you are willing to get into but when looking at the first partnership contract that you guys have signed with the JV, is there a participation component in that in terms of any sort of product sales where Hasbro would receive a royalty from?
Brian Goldner: You’re right -- it’s a little more granular than where I’d like to go but suffice it to say, we want to create a win-win situation between programmers and ourselves and the network and again, I think that the amount of interest that is out there from programmers sort of speaks to the opportunity for the network. 
Robert Carroll - UBS: Okay, and then separately just on the international strength that we are seeing on the constant currency number, is there a way to break out how much of that is as a result of the investment you guys have made over the past couple of years into expanding the international sales channel?
Brian Goldner: Well, we certainly are seeing good results coming out of Brazil and great traction out of Eastern Europe. Not quite, as Deb noted, not quite the rate that we would have liked out of certain territories related to credit issues, some other issues related to some retailers that are out there. David, do you want to talk to a bit of the retail, global retail situation?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think the global situation is very mixed at the moment. Clearly some markets like France, the economy is still doing very well. The toughest markets are the U.K., Spain and Mexico and as Brian said, Eastern Europe is challenging because of some of the cash flow issues that our distributors have in some of our distributor markets.  But again, as Brian said, Brazil, China, the economies are still growing, albeit it at not quite as high a rate as previously and we are still increasing our business in both of those markets. 
Robert Carroll - UBS: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Jake Hindelong with Monness Crespi & Martin.
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : Good morning, guys. First a couple of questions on revenue -- just when you look at second quarter, can you talk a bit about the split between U.S. and international on Transformers?
Brian Goldner: Transformers is a product line that has done very well internationally. It’s as well-developed as our total business. So overall, we’re about 60-40. That’s probably closer to 50-50 on Transformers but that has to do with the fact that markets like China, where the Transformers are really significant and popular, as well as through Asia and Latin America so overall the business, about 60-40 and Transformers is a little more developed internationally. 
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : Okay, and then just on G.I. Joe, on the initial shipment, can you talk a bit about how much went out in the second quarter versus what you expect in the 3Q?
Brian Goldner: Well, we began shipping G.I. Joe in the second quarter and we had made retail trips around the world over the last year ourselves, as well as the producers of the film. A lot of excitement around the world from retailers, not just here in the U.S. -- in fact, over half of our licensees are outside of North America. So we are seeing a great placement globally at retail and just beginning to see the early results. I am not going to go into order of magnitude Q2 versus remainder but suffice it to say, we only had a few weeks to ship in the quarter in time for the July 11th street date for the product line. 
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : Great, thanks. And then on margins, can you talk about looking into the back half if you’ve gotten many concessions on product costs for vendors?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Really, the situation with Hasbro over the years is that our vendors give us price at the beginning of the year and that [specifically] holds for the year. The only real time that that is broken down was really in the second half of ’07 and throughout ’08 when commodity prices were moving so erratically that we had to sort of break from past practices.  Given the much more stable commodity movements this year, we are really back to the previous situation where our vendors have given us costs at the beginning of the year and basically they are locked in and they are holding.  We did get some reductions from where we first costed product, you know, at the back-half of last year. We got some reductions [due to the fact that] resins came down and we did take some selective price rollbacks with our vendors accordingly, with our [inaudible] accordingly. 
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : All right. Thanks, David. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: But nothing -- you know, it’s not nearly as dramatic as it’s been over the last two years. It’s very sort of stable at the present. 
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : Okay, great and then just one other question relating to the impact of the joint venture -- now that you’ve got Margaret on board, can you talk a little bit about the pace that you will build the studio division and the potential impact on second half versus 2010 expenses?
Brian Goldner: Well, we are now presently looking for our studio head and recruiting, as we did for Margaret and the network side. We will make a number of shows for late fall 2010 as we rebrand the network and relaunch the network, and then we will continue to produce as we go forward.  Again, you know, there’s a number of sources and programming that we intend to have for the network that would be Hasbro branded shows. There might be friends of family shows, there will be third-party shows as well as using some of the Discovery library. So again, we’re not out to create 24 hours of programming off of Hasbro properties, though I would say safe to say at launch perhaps six or eight Hasbro shows sometime during the launch, the first six months of the launch period. 
Jake Hindelong - Monness Crespi & Martin : Great. That’s very helpful. Thanks. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Tony Gikas with Piper Jaffray.
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Good morning, guys. I have a couple of questions for Deb and then a couple about the business so I’ll start off with Deb -- what month do you expect the inflection point for lower cost of goods sold as we move through the back half of the year? And also as it relates to foreign currency impact, if the dollar stays flat today, where is that impact eliminated? Is it Q3 or Q4? And then I have two follow-ups.
Deborah Thomas: I think that with respect to margins, I mean, we see that our gross margins, you know, as we stated earlier this year, we expect to get back to the 58% range. Historically, I think if you look back over the last 10 years, that’s typically what our gross margins run at. You know, we had product mix impacting that this quarter but historically we’ve kind of fluctuated between the 57% to 60% over the various quarters, so our expectation is still that we would get back to 58% gross margin by year-end and go somewhere within that range during the year.  I’m sorry, could you just repeat your second question? I apologize. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Yeah, foreign currency -- when is the foreign -- if the dollar stays flat today, when would foreign currency impact be eliminated?
Deborah Thomas: Well, I think where the dollar is sitting today is still lower than where we sat last year at this time. We expect that in the fourth quarter we kind of level out so if the dollar stays where it is today, I think we’ll still have some impact as we go into the fourth quarter. However, it will be somewhat mitigated because of where the Euro and the -- particularly the Euro and the Pound, where they are trading today, and the Peso. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks and then a couple of follow-ups -- on Transformers, Brian, you indicated that Transformers is a similar percentage of revenues in the quarter as it was in 2007. Is that the type of increase you expect to see in that brand this year versus 2007 on a full-year basis? And then the last question, just an update on the movie properties, any update that you could provide on 2010 and 11? I noticed you didn’t include -- did Thor slip out of the schedule for 2010? And any update on Universal?
Brian Goldner: Sure. Transformers is performing very well. You know, we feel very, very good about the brand and we are feeling that way around the world. The retail execution has been tremendous. Retailers have been very supportive. We’ve activated not only the toy and game departments at retail but through our licensees, many other departments, including the videogame department and lifestyle products, so we feel very good about the prospects for Transformers. Clearly the box office is helpful, the DVD release, which we expect later this year, equally helpful. So we feel very good again about Transformers and the prospects for the franchise going on for a very, very long time as well. So we are building this as a long-term franchise, a tremendous immersive experience, and I won’t get into sort of forecasting exactly what we expect but suffice it to say, we all know what we reported in 2007 at $484 million and we also talked about how robust the brand remained in 2008, the year following the movie. So again, we’re building this brand to be one of our global mega-brands as we go forward.  Thor, as I understand it, is planned for 2011. It is -- you have Thor in 2011 and Spider-man planned for 2011, as well as Captain America, the first Avenger, Captain America, is an expectation that we have for 2011 based on what we are hearing from Marvel.  In 2010, the two major motion picture supported initiatives is Iron Man 2 and also Toy Story 3, our major line of co-branded games, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head, is all part of our 2010 lineup.  In 2011 in April, we expect Stretch Armstrong, April 15th, then it would be Spider-man in that May window, then Thor and then Captain America for 2011. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: And any update on the deal with Universal?
Brian Goldner: Well, we are busy working with a number of writers. I think we talked a lot about the writers and some of our directors. They are all making great progress for Candyland, for Monopoly, for Battleship, for Clue, for many of the announcements that have been made. I would say that there’s nothing that changes our belief in our strong relationship with Universal and the development slate that we are putting together with some wonderful titles that are beloved globally. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: So is 2011 a likely launch period for the first one?
Brian Goldner: Yes, and that’s Stretch Armstrong. We talked about that Universal has already dated the movie for April 15, 2011. Steve Oderkirk is writing away and we will then work on a director and casting in the short-term, in the near-term and produce the movie over the next year and then have it for April 15, 2011. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you, guys. Good luck. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Sean McGowan with Needham & Company.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Thank you. A couple of questions, most of them are pretty quick -- Brian, on board games, I think you mentioned -- I think you said games and puzzles, point of sale up 23% - was that year-to-date?
Brian Goldner: That was in the second quarter but actually for the second quarter, our POS as a company was up and our games POS was up overall in the second quarter, yes. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: So that 23% number was not games and puzzles specifically?
Brian Goldner: No, it is -- it’s -- sorry, the games business was up in the second quarter, as was the toy business up in POS.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. Deb, why -- what are the reasons would there be for amortization as an expense category to be down in the quarter, other than -- well, you are not consolidated so what would those reasons be?
Deborah Thomas: With respect to our amortization expense, the biggest reason that it’s down in the quarter is really just due to the timing of shipments on products such as Star Wars, where we amortize along the sales curve. I think we would see that we had more Star Wars sales last year in the same time period than we did this year. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, thanks. So just to be clear then on your classification of things that are in the segment breakout -- so entertainment and licensing will not be in there, that includes the Electronic Arts piece? That’s no longer -- 
Brian Goldner: Yeah, in entertainment and licensing are the royalties from Electronic Arts. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Right. Okay. And the reduction in dilution now expected from the joint venture, could you give us some kind of order of magnitude how much of that, say if it’s $0.10 a share this year in reduction and dilution, how much of that is from lower interest rates and how much of that is from amortization being lower?
Deborah Thomas: Sure. I think this year really the primary reason is the interest rate and as you go to 2010, we -- when we had initially looked at the credit markets, I think rates were about 3% higher than what we were actually able to issue our bonds at, so on $425 million, that’s a fairly substantial movement in a good way, and we are very pleased about the rate we were able to obtain, so if you look at that order of magnitude this year that is probably the biggest item. As we move to next year, that becomes -- remains significant but the second-largest impact would be at the lower amortization expense in the JV itself. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, so in effect then, you had announced the financing and we knew the rates but you didn’t update the dilution, so it was really just sort of catching everything up then?
Deborah Thomas: We actually -- when we announced, we didn’t update the dilution until now but when we had originally estimated our dilution, we were using -- 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: It was before the -- 
Deborah Thomas: Right, we using then current market rates. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, and then the last question, just conceptually in terms of this friends and family idea on the network, can you say at this point whether you would consider a property for that, for the network that might be tied to someone else’s toys -- you know, toys that would be manufactured by a different toy company?
Brian Goldner: Sure, we’d be happy to look at any programming that we believe would add to the success or the prospects of the network, so certainly if they were -- if the toy rights were with another toy company, that’s fine. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. All right, very good. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. Thank you. On the royalties, I was wondering if there was any expense there from the Lucas audit and the catch-up in that. 
Deborah Thomas: Not in the second quarter. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, that was just the first quarter item?
Deborah Thomas: Yes, I mean, we just have our normal royalty expense associated with our product sale for the quarter. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. And on Transformers, the ship into retail looks great, looks bigger than it was in 2007. I was wondering how you would characterize takeaway at this point, a couple of weeks in. 
Brian Goldner: Well, the takeaway has been really tremendous. You know, the POS certainly is up, as you would expect, and again, it’s doing and following a template that are teams are really expert at following and working with our retailers, the kinds of promotional partnerships that are out there, the programs throughout the year and around the world, a really significant and sort of a model for how we see some of these motion picture franchises coming to life and we’re excited about G.I. Joe and its prospects both in the U.S. and North America, as well as around the world. Again, lots of retail partnerships and promotions will happen there as well.  But there’s also a number of other initiatives that -- like Littlest Pet Shop Online for the U.S. It has a lot of promotional and retail support as well, as well as the family game night business in the games category and with games performing in POS -- you know, all significant and strong, so a lot of contributors to the sales results we’re seeing. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, now just to clarify on Transformers, that POS being up, is that compared to 2007 or is that compared to 2008?
Brian Goldner: That is compared to 2008. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and how is the takeaway --
Brian Goldner: And seven -- sorry, and seven. Sorry. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, so POS is up versus ’07 at this point?
Brian Goldner: Yes. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and finally I just wanted to ask about the games business, why the lumpiness there, what’s going on with just the numbers you reported in the games business?
Brian Goldner: As we were getting organized, if you think about first quarter we were up a bit, and second quarter we were down a bit in shipments but the sell-through is significant, so we’re getting ready and planning for third and fourth quarter, the sell-throughs are really again very significantly up and across all the major categories are up, so whether it’s preschool games or family games or children’s games. So we feel very good again about what we plan to do for the full year in our games business, so I wouldn’t read too much into just the second quarter results?
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay and just lastly, your inventory position at retail, how do you feel about that and what does that look like say exclusive of some of the special items like Transformers and G.I. Joe shipping in? How does the inventory look for the rest of the line?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think our retail inventory is up a bit compared to a year ago. We’re certainly not worried about that. Our business was up during the second quarter. We believe it’s going to be up in the second part of the year. So obviously there is quite a bit of retail there associated with Transformers, which is selling very well and we are just starting to ship Joe, but we’ve also, as Brian just mentioned, we’ve got family games night. We are still doing very well in Littlest Pet Shop. We’ve got a number of things that are working well for us and we are quite happy that retailers inventories are up a bit, compared to this time last year. 
Brian Goldner: One of the biggest changes year-on-year as brands go has been Nerf, as we’ve taken a brand that was primarily a U.S. brand and are rolling it out around the world. You can see the brand was up 33% and certainly need to ship those additional inventories around the world, those promotional programs, and getting lined up for our Raider launch on September the 9th.  So as we have more of our brands in more geographies around the world, certainly that will drive inventories in total on the macro up. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Good morning, guys. You broke out at the beginning of the call, Brian, the business lines boys, girls, preschool, games. I was just wondering in that other line, which is where your digital games are, if you can give us what that came in as an absolute basis because I think we’re talking percentage -- well, we know what it was last year so just either way, give us some indication of what that was?
Brian Goldner: You’re talking about digital games as in -- 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Well, don’t you report that when you break it on your Q as other?
Brian Goldner: No, that other -- okay, so other has been -- other was reclassified as the entertainment and licensing segment, so Felicia, that go-forward will comprise all of our royalty income. It does include the royalties from digital gaming. It would include royalties from lifestyle licensing, any box office participation from motion pictures. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: So can you give us what that was?
Brian Goldner: Well, we talked about -- 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Well, you gave us everything else, so never mind. 
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so we reported that number. We can give it still. Certainly -- do you want to reiterate, Deb?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: No, I got it. I got it. Okay, so just moving to the JV, are you guys planning to -- when you, when it’s eventually up and running, are you guys planning to break that out at all?
Brian Goldner: Well, we’ll certainly try to explain to you what we are doing there. I think the couple things that people would be very interested in is what are the brands, the Hasbro brands that have been produced and are on the network, what third-party brands or friend of the family brands that are on the network, you know, how is the network performing in general. I think we could probably give you a perspective on that but yeah, that will be a separate delineation of the JV.
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think one of the things you have to understand is that Hasbro, the JV is one component of this effort. We also have a studio which will be making programming and we also will have some incremental merchandising associated with the programs that are on air. So we will not be identifying the JV separately when we announce our quarterly results. We will be talking about the entertainment and licensing segment, which includes all of the things that Brian has just spoken about. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. And just moving actually back to your operations, you talked about a lot of the other business lines -- I’m just wondering on the girls side, so far it might be a little bit early but so far, how is retail interest for Strawberry Shortcake?
Brian Goldner: The retail interest has been great. We’re very excited about Strawberry Shortcake. Clearly there’s been entertainment that’s been produced so again, people were happy to see the line. They feel like there’s nice innovation in the line and widespread retail support. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Great, and then Deb, what was the interest expense or what rate are you getting, paying on this short-term debt?
Deborah Thomas: On our short-term debt, we have a market rate that fluctuates based on just based on our agreement that that’s been out there but we actually -- are you talking about the debt we just issued, Felicia?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: No, no, just the short-term. I know it’s hard to model but -- 
Deborah Thomas: We actually didn’t have any outstanding on our short-term borrowings domestically at the end of the quarter, so -- and we have some international borrowings that are out there at local market rates. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, is there a way you can give us kind of an idea on what that was on a blended basis?
Deborah Thomas: They are just local market rates and with respect to -- you know, I think it’s probably on average about 3.4%. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. Okay, I have a bunch of other questions for you but I am going to ask offline because they will revolve around the JV. Thanks. 
Brian Goldner: Sure, thanks. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Drew Crum with Stifel Nicolaus.
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, everyone. I wonder if you could talk about your plans for advertising spend in the second half. It’s been down year to year obviously. I wonder if you could spend a moment on that. 
Brian Goldner: Sure. We are looking at advertising as being down a bit year over year really for two reasons. One are the actual CPMs and then of course as we have these big entertainment initiatives, the advertising shifts a bit and so we get great support from either the motion pictures or TV series and the related DVD marketing and DVD releases, so it’s been down a little bit in mix for this quarter but I would also say that we still plan to significantly support in marketing our brands and products around the world. There’s a lot of innovation in our core brands for the third and fourth quarter, so we’re not changing our plans significantly or considerably but it is probably down a couple of -- a little bit for the year. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And Brian, what are you seeing in terms of planned shelf space for the holidays relative to last year?
Brian Goldner: Well, I’ll let David talk about this around the world as well but I think overall, our retailers are supporting these brands that are selling. They want to place bets with great brands and Hasbro has a raft of great brands and that’s true around the world. You know, they want more of a sure thing like the rest of us -- we all want a sure thing these days and so brands represent a great organizing principal for consumers and brands with great innovation, great value that are well supported and marketed that may even be associated with entertainment, that’s what they are lining up for and we support our retailers accordingly as well. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Really nothing to add -- I do think that probably overall we are going to have more shelf space. There are some retailers that have been -- you know, clearly have said that they are cutting back in their overall toy departments. That doesn’t mean that that will impact us. I think it sort of disproportionately impacts people who are perhaps smaller and don’t have such well-known brands and don’t have entertainment supporting their brands.  I think for a company like Hasbro, we are not going to be materially impacted by any retailers cutting back the overall size of their toy department. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and just looking out over the next say 12 months, any plans for pricing increases or is it too early to say?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think it’s too early to say at the moment. As we just said, the volatility of commodities has certainly reduced at the moment. You know, we’re certainly not planning anything else this year. Last year, remember we had a second increase during the September timeframe. We’re certainly not planning that. I’m sure we’ll be considering something early next year but probably small. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and I apologize if I missed this but did you give a cash flow from operating activities number for the six months? Or can you offer that?
Deborah Thomas: We didn’t but our cash that we utilized by operations was $179 million. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And just one last question, somewhat related to that -- you guys paid $45 million in the quarter to extend the Lucas license. Just discuss the rationale behind that. 
Brian Goldner: It was in the quarter, the $45 million was an extension of the license for two years plus it was also to clean up anything related to a long-term audit that had gone on on the brand. So we got a two-year extension as well. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We’ll go next to Thomas Russo with Gardner Russo & Gardner.
Thomas Russo - Gardner Russo & Gardner: Earlier Deb mentioned that in the royalty area that the mix changed a little bit. I think she said in part because -- some of the royalties were being paid to you already. I was just curious by that comment, if I heard her correctly. 
Brian Goldner: Some of them were paying to us by -- no, I don’t think that -- I think what we were saying is that in the royalty line that we should delineate or make clear that royalties don’t necessarily pre-suppose that it’s other people’s properties. In fact, our own brands, when other people are paying to produce motion pictures, we do carry a royalty load in our own brands related to motion picture product that we pay to the studios in return for their paying to produce motion pictures or market motion pictures around the world. 
Thomas Russo - Gardner Russo & Gardner: Oh, that’s interesting. The other question had to do with the -- hold on a second. I apologize. I’m caught between a meeting. The retail, when Deb spoke about the slightly higher receivables, to what extent are they investment in support of your retailers during this credit-starved time? And the related question is are you seeing from retailers who are hard-pressed any increased allocation of property real estate to private label or to store brands? Has it surfaced at all in this harder environment among their offerings?
Brian Goldner: Tom, the DSOs and that was really just related to timing. That’s all it was and Deb can outline that. 
Deborah Thomas: Sure, Tom. We had actually just based on the timing of our shipments, we had shipped quite a bit at the end of March. We actually have already collected that in July. It was just timing. It was just outstanding at the end of the quarter, so that really was timing.  And Brian, do you want to take the retailer question?
Brian Goldner: Well, David, you should start with that. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think in terms of the retailers, I think if anything what we are seeing is a flight to quality so I actually see more demand for branded goods, more demand for brands that are supported by entertainment. So I think at the moment, there’s more of a flight to quality as opposed to more private label or more generic type goods.  I think in terms of -- you know, you were saying that retailers coming through and requesting longer terms or something, I’m sure around the world people are but we are certainly not participating in that. We are relying on the strength of our product line to ensure we get the shelf space. 
Operator: We’ll go next to John Taylor with Arcadia Investment. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Good morning. I have a couple of questions. So in the license segment, the way you are reporting it now, how should we think about the cost structure of that? Are the folks running that pretty much set at this point? What’s the fixed component and are you going to run programming -- where is the programming cost going to run through? I assume it’s going to run through before you get to that number. Could you talk at all about how we should think about whether this is leverageable or how leverageable it is?
David D. R. Hargreaves: You know, there’s a lot of stuff that’s going into entertainment and licensing. I mean already, we are sort of in script development for some of the movies at the moment. You know, to the extent that a movie gets greenlit, that becomes sort of a first line on the production budget in a movie, so it comes off of our books. So there are a lot of things that will go on in this segment and it’s going to be difficult for you to sort of be able to look at it and say in any given quarter, you can expect this amount of operating margin. Clearly the licensing income and any movie box office participation that we get and any money coming in from theme park range is all high margin business but within there, there’s going to be some costs which are fairly fixed which as you said, that is also going to be quite a bit which is variable on a quarterly basis. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay. All right, good. And then if Transformers is closer to a 50-50 mix, domestic versus elsewhere, I wonder how you are thinking about G.I. Joe. Is that going to look more like the corporate average?
Brian Goldner: You know, I think it probably will be a little closer, just in my sense, to the corporate average but I am also very impressed -- I don’t know exactly and I am very impressed with the retail execution we’ve had outside the U.S. The team right now is making its way around the world and launching and organizing and launching the movie. They are in Australia. They are on their way to Europe and retailers around the world have provided really significant support for that brand as well, so again, we feel very good about our prospects as we’ve told this big story. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, good. And then with Transformers performing at retail pretty much as people expected, I wonder if that has had any impact on their confidence level on Joe -- is there any positive spillover effect from that?
Brian Goldner: I think there are a number of things for Joe that have certainly contributed. We have done a number of screenings, as you do when you get ready for these movies. The feedback from the screenings from audiences has been tremendous. You know, retailers response has been great. People’s response to the trailer that was on the front of the Transformers movie as well as the advertising has been really terrific. The early tracking is really very, very strong on the movie itself.  So again, a lot of positive indications but again, we’ll wait and see how it all is borne out in the next couple of weeks. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, and then last question in terms of the distribution of Transformers, could you give us a sense of how that 484 broke down between Q2, 3, and 4 in ’07 as a basis?
Brian Goldner: Do you have the percentages? Hang on, we’ll -- let’s keep going. We’ll come back to the percentages and Deb will give you that in a second. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, while you are looking for that, so when you look at the sell-through of Transformers, I’m not going to -- nobody needs to name names here but different retailers made different bets in ’07 on Spider-man and Transformers. I’m wondering if all major retailers in the U.S. are seeing similar increases or whether the total over the counter is being driven by one sort of stepping up bigger this time?
Brian Goldner: You know, clearly every retailer certainly has identified Transformers as one of the major properties because of its ability to not only sell significant toys and games but to impact multiple departments at retail. You know, clearly there are some folks performing a bit better and some folks a little bit below but overall the POS for Transformers is up significantly versus the ’07 movie as well as in ’08. So I’m not going to comment specifically on retailers.  John, to go back to your earlier question, the Q3 was -- is that a seven? Oh, that’s a four. Thank you. So 34% in Q3 the last time in ’07 and 35% in Q4. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, great. And then last question on the board games -- so was there anything in the base last year, Monopoly here now, I don’t remember what but in the base that might contribute to part of the minus [ship in]?
Brian Goldner: You know, I think that if you look at the games business overall, you know, there are certain new initiatives that are going in that are performing very well. The SpongeBob initiative on Operation is doing really well, Sorry is doing really well -- there’s a number of brands performing really well. Some of this, as I said, it was a little bit like Littlest Pet Shop back a quarter ago where people were asking about Littlest Pet Shop and we talked about timing. And I do believe that overall for the year, this is about timing. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Jeff Blaeser with Morgan Joseph.
Jeff Blaeser - Morgan Joseph : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I may be reading a little bit too much into this but it seems like your expectations for the year have gone up with the caveat that earnings and sales are expected to grow, including the JV dilution. If that’s true, is there any particular area -- FX, cost-cutting -- that’s sales expectations that’s driving that potential growth?
Brian Goldner: I’ll call a couple of things. First we said that the last two quarters, Q4 and Q1, were probably the most significant challenges in terms of the current economic cycle and we had said that early on. With the results in Q2, again I don’t think we have changed per se. Early on we said that we believed that we could grow revenues and EPS. Now with the mitigation in dilution, we’re including it, including the dilution but also you are starting to be able to really get some sight toward Q3 and Q4. We’re seeing the sell-through in our brands, so a bit more optimistic that our business is responding in this environment and that our initiatives are working. So it’s really just more a surety of the execution of our plans that’s leading us to reiterate our guidance but to include the dilution at this point, both because of the size of the dilution as well as the way our brands are performing around the world. 
Jeff Blaeser - Morgan Joseph : Great. And also, can you give us some color on retail purchasing pattern, lead times, assuming those are shrinking outside of the Transformers, G.I. Joe and could that have an impact on sales, Q3 moving to Q4 or visa versa?
Brian Goldner: Are you talking about just-in-time deliveries?
Jeff Blaeser - Morgan Joseph : Yes, I am. 
Brian Goldner: Okay. David, do you want to -- 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yeah, I think our major retailers certainly in the U.S. have been moving to just-in-time over a number of years. There’s not much later they can actually get without risking that they are going to be in short supply or that the pipeline to put the product in during the end of the year is broad enough. So we’re not thinking that in the U.S., we are going to see any shift later in terms of the buying.  Some of the markets in Europe have never been quite as sophisticated in supply chain as big U.S. retailers and maybe in Europe, you are still seeing some markets, not the U.K. where they are very sophisticated but some markets where they are pushing a bit later. 
Jeff Blaeser - Morgan Joseph : Thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll have our final question from Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Thank you. Just a couple of clarifications on the sell-through inventory direction -- you said that your sell-through is up very nicely with Transformers and the channel inventories are also up. Can you give us a little bit directional magnitude, just compare and contrast the two, both the U.S. and internationally?
Brian Goldner: Are you talking about for the quarter?
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Yeah, quarter or year-to-date, Brian, whichever way you want to comment. 
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so on the quarter, toy end game POS, if you take the total at the top, are both up for the quarter. And again, and we see an acceleration in POS, a number of product lines performing well and our POS in the second quarter has performed well across a number of product lines. We mentioned that in our -- in the preschool business, our Transformers, our Nerf business, our Littlest Pet Shop, so again, good broad-based increases in POS in the quarter. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: I guess another way to ask it -- are you seeing the acceleration in POS throughout the quarter running at a faster rate than your retail [goes in] your channel inventories? Just looking at the spread between the growth. 
Brian Goldner: Well, you are clearly seeing -- in certain categories, you are going to clearly see that it will be selling through inventories but of course, we also have plans, more significant plans in Q3 and Q4 for shipments. So it’s a bit -- there is a bit of gap where POS is growing ahead of the fall initiatives and yet we will be shipping a lot of fall innovation around the world, so I wouldn’t read that as a long-term. But certainly in the short-term, you are seeing the sell-downs in some inventories as POS is higher than shipments. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay, okay. And then in -- as it relates to the licensing on Transformers 2 versus the toy products you are out-licensing, so to speak, what percent was that back in ’07, licensing versus the toys? And what are you expecting it now -- higher, lower percent? Or do you want to give some specific numbers, that would be great also. 
Brian Goldner: I think back in a meeting or two ago, David had mentioned a number of the 484 or 440 or thereabouts was toy and the remainder was royalties associated with a number of different categories, including digital gaming. So I’m not going to try to go forward but we’ve mentioned that prior, so just to remind you that was what we had said for the 2007 results. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay, and would you anticipate higher, lower, just on a relative basis?
Brian Goldner: I would tell you that the videogame is performing, the licensed products are performing, the toys are performing, so I don’t have any way to -- or I am not going to try to guess at what the percentages might look like at the end of this year but certainly feel very good about the overall Transformers enterprise. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay, and the you had talked about in your initial comments other TV viewing [inaudible] -- can you elaborate on that a little bit? And then finally, again the way trends are going right now, and I know you commented on this for ’09, including the dilution, but any early thoughts about whether you can have up revenue or EPS in ’10?
Brian Goldner: Let me go back to the TV question -- obviously our strategy is to provide the consumer an opportunity to enjoy our brands in any form or format they want, anywhere at any time. And so in order to do that, the television strategy always pre-supposed that as we were making this content, we’d make it available in all the formats that consumers are interested and certainly consumers are now time-shifting and are watching different forms of television online, on mobile devices, what have you. Now, they may not all be the same long form episodes, the 22-minute or 55-minute episodes but they are certainly watching TV in different forms and formats. We would want to make sure that our branded content sits alongside of other branded content on a lot of the sites where people are going these days to watch content. So in addition to our own new website that we are working on now for the network, which will reside at Hasbro.com, we would also make sure that bites of our content in whatever format would be the prevailing format at the time would be available for users to -- viewers to see and also we’re going to be distributing our content globally because again, our content goes to the network domestically but will go to any number of networks or terrestrial broadcasters around the world as we distribute that and receive revenues for the distribution of those episodes around the world. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay, that’s what I thought you meant, just clarifying that. 
Brian Goldner: Yes, so that’s what we’re talking about there. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then on the ‘10 question?
Brian Goldner: Well, I think at this point what we have tried to do is give you a real sense, because I know so many people are beginning to think about all the different initiatives that folks have for 2010, to give you a sense for what we have for 2010 and I think that there were a number of initiatives in ’10 that people may have been missing a bit and not understanding that we do have two major motion picture associated product lines and that a number of TV series for the brands between Marvel and Lucas and our own, and so again, we feel very good about our long-term prospects. We haven’t changed our long-term guidance but I’m not going to comment today on our 2010 guidance. I think we’ve given you good clarity and additional clarity for 2009 and when we get together at our analyst day, perhaps we’ll have more clarity for 2010. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: The direction seems positive though?
Brian Goldner: Well, we clearly feel like our brands are performing. I want to -- again, we feel like our brands are performing, our teams have done an incredible job around the world. We continue to put innovation into our product line, so we feel very good about our long-term prospects for growth and we’ll talk with more specificity about 2010 when we get together later in the fall. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: I think also there’s a danger of people focus on one or two initiatives. I think after ’03 when BeyBlade did very well, people were concerned that we wouldn’t grow our business or that we’d fall off a cliff in ’04. After Star Wars did very well in ’05, people thought we’d be down in ’06 and we weren’t. And then after Transformers 1 and Spider-man 3 in ’07, people clearly thought that we’d be down in ’08 and we weren’t. So I think people have to understand that our business is much broader than just the entertainment initiatives. We’ve been growing our girls business, we’ve been growing our preschool business and we are expanding geographically. And we are growing our income from other sources like EA and other licensees. So I think people shouldn’t just focus on the entertainment area. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you, gentlemen. 
Operator: At this time, I’ll turn the conference back over to Ms. Karen Warren. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today. A replay of the call will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Thanks so much.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Warren - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Brian Goldner - President and Chief Executive Officer David Hargreaves - Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Deb Thomas - Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Finance
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Robert Carroll – UBS Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus Sean McGowan – Needham & Co. Greg Badishkanian – Citi John Taylor – Arcadia Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities Linda Bolton Weiser – Caris  Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Hasbro First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. With us today from the company is Karen Warren, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Karen Warren: Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer, David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and Deb Thomas, Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Finance. To better understand our results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at Hasbro.com. We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. During the call this morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and David will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question and answer session that follow, members of Hasbro management may make forward looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for achieving our objectives. There are many factors that could cause actual results and experiences to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call. Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner.  
Brian Goldner: For the quarter, Hasbro’s underlying business performance was consistent with our expectations. As we anticipated and shared with you on our last conference call, the first quarter was extremely challenging given the economic environment, later Easter, the impact of foreign currency and the rebalancing of inventory at our retailers. Given the challenges we knew we would face this year, the Hasbro team globally stepped up in the quarter, remaining focused on our long term strategy, making smart and tough decisions around investments and spending, working with our retailers, and positioning Hasbro not only for 2009 but for the years to come. These efforts are clear in our first quarter results where despite the decline in revenues our profitability and our underlying business were solid. We said in February when we reported our full year results we expected revenues to decline in the first quarter. Today we reported revenues of $621 million compared to $704 million a year ago with foreign exchange negatively impacting revenues by $40 million which was about half the decline. In constant dollars, revenues were down 6%. As expected, retailers rebalanced their inventories in the quarter to lower levels which contributed to the year over year decline. Net earnings were $19.7 million or $0.14 per share compared to $37.5 million or $0.25 per share. Despite the decline in revenue our profitability is good, as we have continued to focus on managing expenses. With a 12% decline in revenues for the quarter our global major product categories performance was mixed, preschool was flat, boys was down 14%, girls was down 26% and the games and puzzles category was up 2%. We don’t believe these results are a reflection of the underlying strength of our brands. Instead this is more a byproduct of inventory being worked down from year end levels and retailers reducing overall inventory levels in the quarter given the challenging economic environment. We had a number of brands that performed well in the quarter including Playskool, Nerf, Play-Doh, Easy-Bake, Tonka, Star Wars, G.I. Joe and a number of board games including Scrabble, Sorry!, Connect 4, Guess Who?, and Operation. The Transformers brand continues to perform well, although below last years levels which reflected continued demand from the fall 2007 DVD release. In the first quarter we shipped a relatively small amount of movie related product for Transformers Revenge of the Fallen. Given the theatrical release date of June 24th we will be shipping product in the second quarter in time for the retail launch on May 30th. During the quarter we were very pleased to announce the extension of our agreement with Marvel through 2017. This is a great partnership that has and is expected to continue to contribute to our success in the boys, preschool and games categories. With the scheduled movie release of X-Men Origins: Wolverine, on May 1st movie related product shipped in the first quarter. As I mentioned, the games and puzzle category was up 2%. Over the coming months and remainder of this year we have a number of marketing initiatives planned at retail as part of our family game night program. With the difficult economy many families will be staying closer to home this summer and we want to be sure their plans include playing Hasbro’s great games. Looking to the remainder of the year and this summer, we will continue to deliver entertainment and immersive brand experiences with the live action theatrical releases of Transformers Revenge of the Fallen on June 24th and G.I. Joe the Rise of Cobra on August 7th. Movie related products for G.I. Joe are expected to be on shelf July 11th. The digital games arena is an integral component of our creating immersive brand experiences. In 2009 there will be a full slate of games on all major platforms supporting both of our summer theatrical releases. Activision will be launching games for Transformers and EA will be launching games for G.I. Joe. Additionally, EA will be releasing several console games and over two dozen games for mobile and online based on many of our brands including Scrabble, Cranium and Trivial Pursuit. In 2009 we expected to continue growing our digital gaming revenue. Throughout the year we will continue to invest in our business while closely managing our costs and operating cash flow. We recognize the challenges of 2009 but the Hasbro team remains committed to our strategy and to delivering innovative experiences to our consumers. This commitment is clearly differentiating Hasbro as we develop our brands in new immersive formats and new geographies and create long term value for our shareholders. With that let me turn the call over to David Hargreaves.
David Hargreaves: During the first quarter our business performed in line with our expectations. We had anticipated the revenue headwinds during the quarter including foreign exchange, retailer inventory rebalancing and the later Easter. Accordingly, we initiated a number of programs to control costs including a salary freeze, hiring only for critical positions, and a skew efficiency program. All of these efforts mitigated the impact of the revenue reduction on profitability. Now let’s review the quarter results in more detail. Worldwide net revenues were $621.3 million compared to $704.2 million last year, a decrease of 12% or $82.9 million. There was a negative impact from foreign exchange of $40.2 million which was about half of the decline. In constant dollars, revenues were down 6%.  US and Canada segment net revenues were $404.5 million compared with $428.5 million last year, a decrease of 6%. US and Canada operating profit for the quarter was $41.6 million or 10.3% of revenues compared to $37.3 million or 8.7% of revenues in 2008. The year over year improvement is primarily due to declines in royalty, advertising, and SD&A expenses. Net revenues in the international segment were $189.2 million compared to $248.3 million a year ago. The segment was down 24% in US dollars and 9% in local currencies. The international segment reported an operating loss of $14.5 million compared to an operating profit of $13 million last year. Operating profit declined primarily as a result of higher US dollar denominated costs particularly in Mexico. In addition, last year’s results included a one time favorable gain on a pension plan in the UK. Now let’s take a look at earnings. We reported net earnings of $19.7 million or $0.14 per share. This compares to $37.5 million or $0.25 per share in 2008. Net earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization was $73.4 million compared to $100.8 million a year ago. Gross margin for the quarter was 60.6% compared 61.5% a year ago. When we look at expenses we can see royalties declined $3.9 million to $54.5 million. Research and product development expense declined $4.6 million to $37.1 million but was consistent as a percent of revenue compared to a year ago. Advertising expense declined $14.7 million to $62.3 million primarily due to lower sales and the impact of foreign exchange. SD&A expenses at $161.6 million or 26% of revenue compared to $176.2 million or 25% of revenue. In constant dollar, SD&A was down approximately 1% compared to a year ago. Other expense net of $2.9 million compared to income of $5.8 million a year ago. Investment income declined in 2009 due to both lower interest rates and lower average cash balances. Our tax rate was 31%. Excluding certain discrete items our underlying tax rate for the quarter was 29.1%, this compares to our full year 2008 underlying tax rate of 32.8%. Turning to the balance sheet, at quarter end cash totaled $590.4 million compared to $832.2 million a year ago. In the past 12 months we spent $135 million to pay down maturing debt, $80 million to acquire the Trivial Pursuit brand, $50 million to extend our agreement with Marvel and we returned $320 million to shareholders by our dividend and stock buy back programs. Our receivables of $365 million declined by $23.7 million compared to $388.7 million last year. DSOs of 53 days were up three days compared to a year ago primarily the result of sales occurring later in the quarter, partially offset by favorable translation. Inventories increased marginally to $295.2 million compared to $291.2 million a year ago. We have worked down the older inventory position significantly since we reported our year end 2008 results when inventory was up year on year by $41.4 million. In summary, as we look at the year ahead we believe the environment will continue to be challenging. That said, based on the strength of our product line we believe the two most recent quarters will prove to have been the most challenging for Hasbro in this economic cycle. Our balance sheet is strong and we remain focused on investing in our global business for the long term. With that Brian, Deb and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: I’m wondering if the magnitude of Transformers shipments in the quarter was expected. I know you said it was small the last quarter you didn’t really quantify it. I want to make sure nothing’s changed there.
Brian Goldner: When we say it’s small, it was small for the movie related product. Overall it was down versus year ago but a good size.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: That’s what I was talking about, the movie related product, and nothing’s changed?
Brian Goldner: No, this is as planned.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: On the inventory side I was wondering the inventory that we’re looking at on your balance sheet right now how much of that is Transformers product that just hasn’t shipped yet?
David Hargreaves: We’re not going to give you a precise detail of our inventory. Clearly some of it because we’re going into pretty big shipment quarter for Transformers shelf date is May 30th. Clearly we’re going to be shipping quite a bit of Transformers over the next few months.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: That follows on to my next question, I know you said and the numbers will speak for themselves that you’ve worked down a lot but I’m wondering if you’re as lean as you would like or can you do more there?
David Hargreaves: I think we’re very happy with the level of our inventory at the moment. I’ve said on the last two conference calls first in the third quarter and then at year end, I said that I thought that our inventories were too high. If you remember at the end of last year they were up $41.1 million year on year. We’re down to basically flat to a year ago. We get a little bit of benefit from exchange rates in there but we also recognize that we’re coming into a Transformers shipping period. We’re pretty happy with the quality and quantity of our inventories at the moment.
Brian Goldner: In the first quarter there were a number of new initiatives. Our cards game business is a new initiative that’s shipping in and is performing very well as is a whole new segment for Nerf and sword. We do have some good spring initiatives as well that are part of that inventory.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: If you just adjusted the inventory for FX would it still be down from the end of the year on a percentage basis?
David Hargreaves: Relative to year end you would see a decline during the quarter.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: SD&A you reported an 8% decline year over year I’m wondering if we can take that percentage change as a run rate for the rest of the year.
David Hargreaves: We don’t want to give that much guidance on individual expense line. What was said is that we’ve clearly got a salary freeze on, we’ve got a headcount hiring freeze on apart from a few critical positions. Within SD&A you’ve got the cost of shipping and clearly with the price of oil where it is today we expect our shipping out costs to be lower then they were a year ago. I think we can look to some savings in SD&A throughout the year. I’m not going to say that they’ll be 8%.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: On advertising, you came in a lot lower then what we were looking for and typically you’ve tracked between about 11% and 12% of revenues. I’m wondering if we can expect that to be down year over year.
David Hargreaves: On advertising we tend to be lower in years where we have a lot of entertainment. This is a year where we’ve got Transformers and we’ve got G.I. Joe and Wolverine and we think the movies will do a lot to drive the product through and we’ll have to advertise less then in a non-movie year. Really what you’re seeing in the first quarter is always we look to our full year advertising as a percent of our full year revenue and we tend to accrue in line with that percentage. Full year because it’s a strong movie driven year that we’ll probably be down a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Carroll – UBS
Robert Carroll – UBS: I wanted to touch on the point of sale data, do you guys have any color on that to try and help us figure out how much of this segment sale declines were caused by the inventory rebalancing?
Brian Goldner: Last first quarter in terms of shipment as you look for example at the US business we were shipping several million dollars worth of Tooth Tunes. Within that $24 million decline that you see in the US business that’s part of what you’re seeing in the shipment decline year on year. If you look at POS our boys business through week 15 which is Easter, was up, our preschool business was up double digits, Star Wars performed very well in that period, Nerf performed very well in that period, Marvel Heroes business did as well.  Our Playskool core business was up double digits over that same time period in POS. Play-Doh business was up double digits. Again as you go across, in our core games business if you look at that it was up for that period family games were up slightly more significantly. Overall a lot of positives in terms of POS, significantly so in our preschool and games business and several initiatives within boys. I think what you’re seeing overall is just the difference in a non-Transformers quarter last year Transformers in the first quarter was benefiting from the DVD that had just been released in the fourth quarter ’07.
Robert Carroll – UBS: For the entertainment properties for the orders that have come in post toy fair have they been obviously in line with expectations or were the bulk of those already on the books before going into the toy fair convention?
Brian Goldner: As our retailers have seen more materials on Transformers and G.I. Joe, the more they see, the more excited they get. Having said that, they did have plans in place and we’re feeling very good about Transformers around the world, it’s a significant business around the world and had a significant box office. The first time a great DVD business and of course a first year of sales that we reported at $480 million.  People have a frame of reference for that and G.I. Joe, people are excited about what they’re seeing given that its based on the 80’s comics and the G.I. Joe versus Cobra story it lends itself very well to toys and games business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could talk about your guidance, do you still expect to grow revenues and earnings this year.
Brian Goldner: Where we are, we don’t feel that there’s anything that has happened thus far that would change that. We talked about the challenges we saw in the market back at the end of third quarter, at the end of the year we talked about the fact that first quarter would be down and that even with it down in revenues we still expected given baring some kind of a significant change in consumer spending or FX we wouldn’t change from that position right now.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: So you’re still on target to grow revenues and earnings absent any of those events. I want to know why the royalty rate in the quarter was up. What in your mix caused an increase there in rate?
David Hargreaves: On the product lines which is really doing well for us at the moment is Star Wars. Since the Clone Wars television, it started earlier in the US but its being rolled out around the world and its driving some very good Star Wars revenues around the globe. I think everyone appreciates that Star Wars is one of our highest royalty rate items so there was a lot of Star Wars royalties during the quarter.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: Specifically on Star Wars since you bring that up, are you still shipping Clone Wars product or is it all Legacy Collection at this point?
Brian Goldner: More Clone Wars but also classic product as well.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: About the girls business you didn’t mention that one on the POS breakdown for the quarter I wonder what that was and how you feel about your girls business right now going into 2009.
Brian Goldner: The girls business was down a bit in POS overall through week 15. There’s a timing difference with Littlest Pet Shop. A year ago if you remember Littlest Pet Shop in February we were doing all the new launches of all the products. As you know, or may remember, in the third quarter this year we will have the major Littlest Pet Shop launch in time for the Littlest Pet Shop, the LPSO from Electronic Arts. More of our initiatives time out with that. If you look at Baby Alive the POS was actually up through the first quarter and through week 15. Easy-Bake was up but Littlest Pet Shop was down through week 15.
Operator: Your next question comes from Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: I was wondering if you could comment on retailer de-stocking, do you think we’re at the end both here in the US and overseas?
David Hargreaves: We’re going to have to let the retailers speak for themselves how they feel about their inventory. I suspect it’s probably a bit of a mixed bag. What we do know is that in most of our major markets our year over year sell out was better then our sell in. We certainly indicate retailer inventories of Hasbro product at least are relatively lower then at year end.  In terms of are we through the worst, I think we probably are. I think retailers are going to display a fairly cautious buying pattern throughout the year. With that said, we are probably through the worst. Our shipments were significantly down in January and February and then actually we were up in March year over year.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: You mentioned in terms of international last year you had a one time UK pension gain could you quantify that? Also, what would be a good tax rate for the year?
David Hargreaves: The pension gain was about $6 million US dollars.
Deb Thomas: David mentioned earlier our underlying tax rate for the quarter was 29.1% and we would expect our full year rate to approximate this amount.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: The currency impact on the bottom line for Q1?
David Hargreaves: It’s difficult to get exactly to the currency impact because you’ve really got the impact of translation and you’ve also got the impact of transactions. Clearly whilst we hedge most of our transaction exposure we weren’t 100% hedged and I think one of the things we said in talking about international profitability that it had been cut by significantly higher un-hedged to some un-hedged particularly in Mexico where the exchange rate is very weak compared to a year ago. I don’t have a precise number but I would suspect it’s in the region of $10 million.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: Ten million net?
David Hargreaves: Yes.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee: Any news on Universal when we could expect that first movie and the title please.
Brian Goldner: The good news is we continue a number of developments on the movie slate we mentioned in February. I would say we have no new news expect we continue to know that either 2010 or 2011 will have our first movie from our relationship with Universal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: I think you commented that you feel that most major markets again your inventories are down versus 12/31, what about year over year?
David Hargreaves: What I said is they’re relatively down because the first quarter tends to be a quarter when retailers historically do build a bit of inventory as does Hasbro. It tends to be inventory trough tends to be at year end. Where I look to say that they’re better is that year on year POS in most major markets was up, whereas our year on year shipments even in local currencies were down. Clearly compared to a year ago inventories at the retailer level have come down. In terms of what they are, we get pretty good data in the US from our major accounts. If you look at it total around the globe we don’t get real good visibility as to what inventories at the retail trade. Our feeling is that its lower then it was a year ago.
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Geographically if you looked at Europe, Latin America, Asia, were do you think it’s the most problematic and where it’s performing the best?
David Hargreaves: Latin America is actually performing well for us as you know it was a small business, there’s an established markets like Brazil we invested, we went into Brazil last year and we’ve got a lot of catch up to do in that market compared to other people. Brazil, Chile, and our Latin America distributor markets are all up.  Some of our other emerging markets were also up year on year. Maybe not quite up as much as we would have liked. These we consider to be very high growth markets for us over the next year and I think given the economic situation that growth is not quite as robust as we would have liked in the first quarter but its clearly up in places like Malaysia, Singapore, those markets.
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: The majority of Wolverine did that ship in the first quarter or is there still going to be a significant piece here shipping basically in the month of April?
Brian Goldner: We shipped Wolverine in the first quarter but our expectation would be to ship throughout the year as the movie is released. I don’t know exactly how much we’ll ship for the full year because of course it will depend on the retail take away. We shipped in the first quarter and we’re looking forward to the movie. Early indications are good.
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Early indications meaning on your initial sell through there what’s been shipped then?
Brian Goldner: That’s right.
David Hargreaves: We have to remember that this time last year also we were shipping Iron Man and we also started to ship Hulk then about this time as well. Whilst Wolverine is good Iron Man was certainly good last year as well.
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Maybe just give us a little update on your foreign exchange sensitivity that you’ve disclosed before.
Deb Thomas: We had talked about that we expected foreign exchange to be down and if I recall at our February meeting we talked about it being 6% in the quarter and it indeed was about 6% in the quarter.
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: On a go forward basis.
David Hargreaves: What we said at that time was 6% in the second quarter as well, it reduced in the third and by the fourth quarter it was only about 1%.
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Basically no major changes from what you outlined at the analyst meeting.
David Hargreaves: No, rates are pretty much where we expected them to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: Brian I think you and I have talked about this in the past of the fact that in 2007 you guys were chasing demand with Transformers. Most retailers underestimated the popularity of the property. As you see retailers managing down inventory in 2009 do you sense that you’re going to again be chasing demand, by design, will you be chasing demand not just with Transformers but all the film properties.
Brian Goldner: We’re certainly planning Transformers as a major initiative. We’re very excited about our prospects, I think our retailers are very excited and I certainly have seen the plans come together. Around the world they’d indicate that Transformers and G.I. Joe are major for our retailers. We are careful across the board about inventories at Hasbro and we’re going to continue to manage that.  Its not a bad thing to chase inventory to some extent but we have robust plans in place so I don’t think we would miss a lot of sales but I also feel that going out and making sure we have the consumer take away and the retail inventories in place, or demand in place before we would go out and make all the final announcement of inventory is a good idea as well.
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: Can you give us an update as to what you’re doing with your cash? Did you buy any stock back during the quarter?
David Hargreaves: No, we haven’t bought any stock back during the quarter. We’re waiting for the capital markets to sort of get more stability before we start spending our cash to buy stock back again. The other thing is once we get a lot of cash on hand at the end of the quarter you have to remember that we’re close to our working capital trough and our trough to peak working capital requirements are somewhere between $500 and $600 million. We’re going to be using a lot of that for working capital.
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: The amortization was up 8% in the quarter, can you just remind us what’s been added and what’s rolling off?
David Hargreaves: There are a couple of things that have been added. Clearly Cranium and Trivial Pursuit brands were acquisitions during the first part of last year. The other thing is we’re still amortizing our property rights on Star Wars in line with our sales curve. In a quarter or year where Star Wars does particularly well that drive amortization up. As I said earlier, Star Wars is doing pretty good at the moment.
Drew Crum – Stifel Nicolaus: You mentioned plans for EA in the back half of the year, what can you say about the performance in the first quarter with that initiative?
Brian Goldner: The EA business continues to perform well for us. We have a number of games that have been coming out and will come out throughout the year. We feel very good about the relationship we said in the notes that we expect our digital games revenue to increase this year. The plans go throughout the year. We’ll start with Activision games on Transformers and then G.I. Joe games will follow shortly thereafter so if everything’s tied to our major entertainment initiatives the Littlest Pet Shop then begins in the third quarter, the Littlest Pet Shop Online game. Overall very good and feel very good about the casual gaming space and Activision games as well as EA’s games.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: Would you say that the effect of the inventory de-stocking by retailers was in line with what you expected in the quarter or was it a little more severe?
David Hargreaves: It was very severe during January and the beginning of February. It was tough to get orders, particularly ahead of a retailing year end. Since then as I said, our experience at least is it’s sort of got a bit better. Our shipments certainly in the US were up in March. In the US we’re probably through the worst of it. I’m not sure that we are in some of the international markets. Places like Australia our POS is running way ahead of a year ago but our shipments just aren’t happening in a way we’d like.  Clearly in some of the markets internationally I think de-stocking is probably continuing. In the US we’re probably through the worst of it. Clearly with the strength of our product line and Transformers movie coming we’re not concerned they’re going to be taking in our product at least in the second quarter.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: I wanted to ask a question about your statement in the release as well as you repeated on the call here that you basically think the most challenging quarters were the fourth quarter and the first quarter. Can we infer from that and the fact that you made a comment about the first quarter going into the first quarter and have not made a comment about the second quarter. Should we infer from all that, that basically you expect the remaining quarters to be up in sales?
David Hargreaves: Exchange rates are going to continue to be a challenge through both the second and the third quarters. As Brian reffirmed, that we do expect our revenues to be up for the year. Absent exchange rates we clearly see our revenues being up in each of the next three quarters.
Brian Goldner: Our underlying business and the initiatives that we’ve lined up for 2009 are very significant. We all know that the motion picture business year to date even taking out the accounting for the ticket prices, just attendance is up over 15.5% year to date. We feel great about going into a Transformers and G.I. Joe initiatives for the year. Wolverine, the initiatives and the sell through on our preschool business was very robust through week 15, we feel good about our core initiatives in Playskool, Play-Doh, Tonka, and our girls business a lot of new initiatives coming for the back half. Again, that’s why we feel the way we do is because of the strong innovation and the strength in the underlying business and our plans.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: Could you go over what the Marvel slate now looks like for the next couple of years as far as you know. There’s been some changes recently could you just update us on what your current expectations are? I know you don’t control it but what are your expectations for what that slate looks like in 2010 and 11 as far as you know it.
Brian Goldner: We can go through that, there have been a number of changes.
David Hargreaves: We’re looking for Iron Man 2 in May of 2010. I think Spiderman is in May 2011. I think Thor is also in 2011. I think the First Avenger, Captain America is 2011. I believe that the Avengers is now scheduled for 2012. Again, that’s the information that we have at this time and I’m sure the studios will reserve rights and change them if they so desire. That’s the information we have at present.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: With such a rich slate at some point they risk competing with themselves so they spread it out.
David Hargreaves: Then we’ve got our Universal and our Transformers and G.I. Joe movies as well.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: What was CapEx in the quarter and what are your expectations for the year?
David Hargreaves: I think it was $27 million.
Deb Thomas: That CapEx was about $25 million in the quarter and I think as we said in February our expectations for the year are $90 and $100 million.
Sean McGowan – Needham & Co.: Regarding the cash balance can you give us a sense of how much of that’s in the US and how much of it’s outside the US?
David Hargreaves: The majority of our cash balances at quarter end were overseas.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Badishkanian – Citi
Greg Badishkanian – Citi: If you could give us some quick color on the cost environment in commodities and labor in China etc.
David Hargreaves: We spoke about this at the analyst meeting in February and I think that I said whilst oil was way off its high and resins were trending down at that time that most other input costs so like paper board and print and labor and social costs associated with labor, Chinese currency, the cost of regulatory compliance and safety testing, the cost of working capital financing. All of those were higher then they had been a year ago. Overall although resins were down a bit our costs were higher year over year. Since that time oil is sort of back up by about a third since the end of the year and actually resins, ABS and polypropylene were up 20% during the first quarter. If this trend continues I think any overall cost reductions that we get from our Chinese vendors are going to be marginal at best. One place that we are seeing cost savings on inbound and outbound freight which are much closely aligned with the price of oil. While that’s up a bit in the first quarter its still well below the peak last year. We are seeing freight savings.
Greg Badishkanian – Citi: Are the labor rates in China, is that abating?
David Hargreaves: No, not materially. They’re not increasing, the Chinese authorities aren’t increasing minimum wage rates but they’re not reducing them either. Last year there were new social costs introduced. Whilst I don’t think there’s going to be any new social costs this year which further increase the cost of labor in China I don’t think they’re going to repair or abate the legislation they introduced last year.
Greg Badishkanian – Citi: Most of the labor that works either for you or through contract manufacturing is minimum wage or is it above that?
David Hargreaves: There’s a bit of a mix, depending on the skill set involved. Normal assembly tends to be closer to minimum but obviously more skilled tends to be a significant premium to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Taylor – Arcadia
John Taylor – Arcadia: Last year you outlined for us a number of strategic initiatives and outlined the cost impact on that. I wonder if you could give us an update on what that delta looked like in Q1 for build out of the offices in developing markets and the Hollywood effort in digital and all that stuff.
David Hargreaves: Those costs haven’t really gone away, although we would characterize them differently. Last year the fact that we had an office in Brazil and a start in Brazil but we actually hadn’t started shipping any product or invoice out of that company. You had the costs but no revenue to go with it so we called it an investment. This year the cost is still there but I don’t think we characterize it as an investment.  Similarly for EA last year we had Mark Blackham and his team that oversee our EA business here probably about 14 or 15 people and they were all in place but there was no revenue. This time last year we were talking about that as an investment spending. Now we’re getting the revenue to go with the costs so the cost is still here but we wouldn’t characterize that as an investment. The costs that we had last year are still here even costs to get digital Dungeons & Dragons and Dracula, some of those costs are still here although there are now revenues to go with D&D inside them.
John Taylor – Arcadia: Have the run rates changed very much year on year then, the cost on rate as opposed to you’re booking revenue against it but the budgeted amount somewhat?
David Hargreaves: If you look at our costs savings versus a year ago it’s not because this investment spending categories have come down. The spending there is pretty similar to a year ago but we wouldn’t characterize it as investment spending this year.
John Taylor – Arcadia: I wonder if you could go up to 30,000 feet and try to characterize what’s been driving demand or retail. The question here is really sort of if you break your anticipated revenues into the property related lines that have Hollywood connections and what not, huge demand drivers from other core, that sort of thing. I think there was a lot of value pricing going on that was helping retailers de-stock and so on. The question is, if you look at the non-Hollywood stuff, let’s assume that all that goes according to plan, what do you think drives reorders for core product and how are retailers thinking about that?
Brian Goldner: If we focus first on the preschool business I think its good to see a brand like Playskool through week 15 was up 15.5% in POS and you’re seeing strength across a number of the categories in Playskool. Our Tonka preschool business was up through week 15. Our Play-Doh business was up 20% plus through that same period. You are seeing those core initiatives really working.  In our games business we’re planning a big year on games through the family game night program as well as a lot of new initiatives there. In fact, if you look at the categories of games, whether its family games or our children’s games or adult games, again good POS, growth in POS through week 15 on those key categories in the core business. If we go look at the kinds of initiatives that are going to grow our business its great that in Australia, for example, they already vote on toys of the year that’s a good early indication of where things may go. Monopoly City which is a major new initiative for us in the back half in the US has already been named game of the year and overall of the year at the Melbourne Toy Fair. We do see a lot of opportunity in our core business. Littlest Pet Shop really takes off around the Littlest Pet Shop online experience which is in the third quarter. Our Nerf initiative we’re rolling out Nerf Around the World and we’ve seen great growth there. I think overall a lot focus on innovation and a focus on Hasbro’s core brands continues. While we talk a lot about our major entertainment initiatives the core underlying business and the great portfolio brands are still performing really well. I think consumers in this environment do gravitate more to brands as have retailers. If we think about a lot of our retailers they’re plans certainly include more of our branded initiatives and we have the where with all to provide great innovations and focus on that as well as great marketing.
John Taylor – Arcadia: I don’t know if Marvel’s announced this or not but obviously Activision’s connection with Transformers goes back many years and it looks like EA’s going to play a greater role. Do the interactive rights of the movie slate, you talked about in Marvel do those automatically go to EA or is EA sort of the default. I’m interested in whether you can start working on things together well in advance whether you know that or not.
Brian Goldner: I couldn’t really comment on that. You’d have to ask EA or Marvel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: On the SD&A side is all of the shipping and transportation costs embedded in that number or is some of it in cost of goods?
David Hargreaves: Freight in so ocean freight getting it from China to our warehouses in the US is in cost of goods. Freight out getting it from or warehouse to our retailers is in SD&A.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: The $20 million year over year savings that you saw in the first quarter is that order of magnitude what we can expect quarter to quarter, year over year?
David Hargreaves: We would clearly hope to get some reductions in SD&A throughout the whole year. We’ve got what we believe is going to be a growing business. We haven’t had any layoffs and we’ve got skew reduction program but we’re still developing a lot of products. I think we’ve got a salary freeze and our restricted hiring plus the lower freight costs we should be able to get SD&A down a bit. To talk about $20 million quarter is not going to happen.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: You talked about your cash needs, your peak to trough for working capital. You finance a lot of the accounts receivable using a securitization so in light of that what are you looking for in the capital markets before you become more comfortable resuming share repurchase activity?
David Hargreaves: Clearly securitization is an option that we have. I think we were about $100 million at the end of the first quarter which is pretty consistent with the end of the first quarter last year, $98 million. We have the ability to go up to $300 million at peak. Again, there’s a cost associated with that, the cost of securitization today are higher then they were a little while ago. There was a time last year and that’s not so far ago where people were worried that securitization facilities were just going to dry up. I think we’re past that but that wasn’t that long ago and we believe that the credit markets are still relatively fragile. We’ll see as things go on but given that we’re heading into our working capital peak, given that a matter of a few months ago people wondered if the credit markets were going to be open for business and given that things are still pretty fragile we’re just taking a cautious approach at the moment. We tend to be financially cautious guys.
Hayley Wolff - Rochdale Securities: On the first quarter conference call you talked about taking game production rates down at Longmeadow and in the Ireland facility. Is that behind you at this point?
David Hargreaves: No, it’s not totally behind us. In fact, during this month I think we had about 111 people that we hadn’t brought back at our games section at East Longmeadow. I think we’ve furloughed an additional 70 people so I think we’re up to about 180 of our permanent workforce that we’re not using at the moment sort of if furlough. In Ireland we’ve also got some shorter working going on. Obviously we’ll be in good shape on games inventories as we get through that and so will our retailers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser – Caris 
Linda Bolton Weiser – Caris : Can you remind us what your toy pricing activities were in ’08 and did you have any toy price increases in January ’09 and are there plans for things for the fall?
David Hargreaves: Yes, we had two increases in 2008. We had a low single digit increase in the first quarter and then we had a further low single digit increase about 3% in September. Then we had a low single digit increase in February 1st of this year. Internationally they might have been a bit higher then low single digits because they had to contend with currency movements as well.  As we go through the year we are certainly at this stage not planning any increases. We were sort of optimistic as we price our fall line that we may see some reductions coming through. Although as I said, resin prices have now started trending up again, ABS and Polypro up 20% in the first quarter. Any reductions that we see from our China vendors I think are going to be marginal at best but I’m certainly not anticipating a second round of price increases this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph
Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph: Can you tell us how the international response has been to the G.I. Joe line and do you expect that to translate overseas?
Brian Goldner: The response has been terrific since the beginning; I guess it was about a year ago in Prague early on in presenting G.I. Joe to international retailers. Again, it’s based on the 80’s comic so you’re talking about G.I. Joe versus Cobra and a great cast of characters. We did a world tour, we were down in South America and Brazil, we were in Mexico, and we were over in Asia. Around the world people are enthusiastic about the story and also about the product line.
Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph: Shifting over to Transformers, what kind of impact in the first quarter do you think the anticipated movie release would be and the delay in purchasing waiting for the movie specific product to come out of has been?
Brian Goldner: We had mentioned that in the first quarter we shipped a relatively small amount of Transformers Revenge of the Fallen movie product. Our shipments will be in the second quarter in time for the May 30th or thereabouts retail date, in time for the move. Then we have plans for the third and fourth quarters but of course depending on exactly how the movie does we certainly have capacity in the far east to go above our current plan. We’ll wait and see just how it all unfolds.
Jeff Blaeser – Morgan Joseph: Where do sales trend towards 2007 levels with the first movie?
Brian Goldner: Sales happened just prior to the movie. It happened significantly after the movie. The DVD came out you saw the results in the fourth quarter as well in the first quarter 2008 as the DVD went into homes and that’s what we were commenting on is the Transformers a year ago was very hot, white hot because of the DVD that had been out in late in the fall 2007 so we’re up against those numbers in the first quarter.  We again have shipped Transformers animated product, the classic or core product and really now beginning to ship the bulk of the Transformers Revenge of the Fallen product in time for the May 30th retail date.
David Hargreaves: One of the things that we want to remember about Transformers is that the second quarter is still a relatively low quarter for Hasbro and the toy industry. Still most of the toy industry sales happen in the third and fourth quarters. Whilst Transformers will be a very important part of our sales during the second quarter if you look to ’07 where the other Transformers movie the second quarter isn’t necessarily the biggest shipment quarter for Transformers. The third and fourth have the potential to be as big in terms of absolute dollars although in term of relative waiting the second quarter is clearly the best.
Operator: Your last question comes from Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could talk about your debt to EBITDA and EBITDA to interest target ratios where do you stand on those right now.
David Hargreaves: We’re within on both of them is the answer. I’ve got the exact numbers here somewhere.
Deb Thomas: Out debt to EBITDA was 1.21% for the quarter and as we’d mentioned our target was 1.5% or less and our EBITDA to interest is 13.8% and our target is 12% or more so we are within our targets.
Gerrick Johnson – BMO Capital Markets: It was about a year ago you bought Cranium and the rights to Trivial Pursuit. How are those brands performing and are they performing as expected when you purchased them?
Brian Goldner: We’re continuing to work on and develop Cranium, we like the brand a lot and we knew even when we bought it that we would want to apply our kind of innovation so that’s now ongoing in developing new innovative products using the Cranium brand positioning which was complementary for us to the brands that we had within the games portfolio. In Trivial Pursuit similarly I think you’ll see some new things on the brand for this year and as we go forward long term we’ve got a lot of great plans in store for Trivial Pursuit, so innovation across the board. Like any acquisition there’s always work to be done and the teams are busy getting that up and going.
Operator: I would like to now turn the conference back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Karen Warren: I’d like to thank everyone for joining our call today. The replay of the call will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Thank you so much.
Operator: This does conclude our call. We’d like to thank everyone for their participation. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen A. Warren - Investor Relations Brian Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer Deborah Thomas Slater - Senior Vice President, Controller
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital John G. Taylor - Arcadia Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach Robert Carol - UBS Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray  Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities Gregory Badishkanian – Citigroup Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Hasbro's fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) With us today from the company is Karen Warren, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Warren please go ahead. 
Karen Warren:  Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; and Deb Thomas, Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Finance. To better understand our fourth quarter and full year results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at Hasbro.com. We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share.  During the call this morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and David will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for achieving our objectives.  There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?
Brian Goldner: Thank you Karen and good morning everyone. Let me begin by saying that in 2008 we achieved our stated goal of growing revenue and earnings per share in what can be described as one of the worst holiday seasons in decades.  Revenue grew 5% to $4 billion compared to $3.8 billion a year ago. The strength in our portfolio was broad based with key drivers in each major product category contributing to our growth. We delivered earnings per share of $2.00 compared to $1.97 in 2007. Our results in 2008 reaffirmed that we should be able to grow both revenue and earnings per share in 2009 assuming we do not see further deterioration in the global economy or foreign exchange.  After a very strong performance in the first nine months of the year the fourth quarter clearly had significant headwinds between the impact of foreign exchange and the broad based economic downturn. Fourth quarter net revenues declined 5% to $1.2 billion. However, net revenues increased 1% absent the $80 million negative impact of foreign exchange.  We reported an operating margin of 12.3% or $151.6 million compared to 15.4% or $200.1 million a year ago and earnings per share of $0.62 compared to $0.84 in 2007. If you go back to four months ago on our third quarter conference call we spoke to you about the changes in consumer demand we had seen since September and we described weakness in October retail POS.  At that time we indicated we had reduced our previous expectations for the fourth quarter 2008 and for 2009. We further stated at our analyst event in November if the weakness we experienced in October continued into November and December there was the potential that retailers could pull back from previous indicated levels of purchase and there would be more uncertainty about how we would finish the year.  Following the November meeting we did not see the improvement in retail sales we had hoped for. As consumers pulled back on their purchasing this resulted in higher levels of inventory at retail. To address this issue we began to look at new ways to drive incremental business at retail and to finish the year in as strong a position as possible. Prior to Thanksgiving our discussion with our key retail partners around the globe shifted to developing additional programs to ensure the best possible sell through for the remaining weeks of the holiday season.  Together with our retail partners we put promotional programs in place. The programs provided incremental mark downs as well as discounts to drive store traffic and to get product moving through retail in these very critical selling weeks. The goal was to keep our core brands strong and to finish 2008 in a much better inventory position than we would have otherwise. In this regard the programs were successful.  That said these actions resulted in a decline in operating margins in the fourth quarter. Given the environment we viewed these decisions as necessary and the impact on our financials as short-term.  Looking at the full year while we took proactive steps in the fourth quarter to address the short fall in consumer spending it was our commitment to our longer term strategy that enabled us to grow our business in 2008. We continued to focus on four key areas as part of our ongoing strategy.  First, to reinvent Hasbro’s core brands. Second to expand and drive Hasbro brand into digital gaming. Third to continue to make our brands meaningful by bringing them to life by lifestyle licensing and publishing. Finally to expand and contemporize our brands by delivering the right entertainment and immersive experience for every consumer audience. In addition to these key strategies we continued to execute our plans to grow globally including our emerging market business.  Our focus on core brands including continued investments in marketing and product development grew solid growth for the year in our Boy’s, Preschool, Girl’s and Tween’s categories. Board games were also up for the year. The Boy’s category was up 6%. In the beginning of 2008 we said we believe that our top six Boy’s entertainment properties could quite possibly equal the top three Boy’s properties in 2007. In fact we exceeded our goal. Star Wars was up significantly for the year. The Marvel brands performed very well with Iron Man exceeding expectations. The Transformers brand was remarkably strong. It did not show the type of decline we typically see after a movie year. In fact it was the lowest percent decline in the year-after movie of any of our Boy’s entertainment properties we had launched in the last ten years.  This summer we will continue to deliver entertainment and immersive experiences with the live action theatrical releases of GI Joe: The Rise of Cobra, Transformers: The Revenge of the Fallen and Wolverine, one of our Marvel properties.  Our Preschool and Girl’s businesses were up double digits. Preschool was up 11% with continued strength from our Playskool brand and In the Night Garden. The Girl’s category grew 13% led by Littlest Pet Shop which was up a strong 26%. The Tween category grew 7%. Nerf continues to be strong and was up 51% with the Nerf End Strike Vulcan and the Nerf End Strike Recon performing very well. iDog also continued to contribute significantly to the category.  Board games were up 2% while the total games and puzzle category was flat compared to a year ago. We did have tough comparisons due to shipments of Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader in 2007. There were a number of successes in the games category primarily from brands we targeted for reinvention with products like Twister Hop Scotch, Guess Who Extra, Sorry Sliders, Monopoly Here and Now the World Edition and the 60th Anniversary Edition of Scrabble. In addition, Pictureka was launched globally and performed very well.  With all the strength in our core brands it is clear that our strategy to grow and reinvent Hasbro brand is working. In our digital business our brands were re-imagined through our partnership with EA where we saw great success with Hasbro branded games including strong selling titles for Nerf for the Wii and Littlest Pet Shop for the Wii and Nintendo DS. Monopoly also had a great year and launched on a number of platforms including mobile, iPod, the Wii and Xbox 360.  In 2009 EA is launching several new video games and over two dozen games for mobile and online including Scrabble, Cranium and Trivial Pursuit. Additionally, Activision will launch a full slate of games in conjunction with the Transformers theatrical release this summer. In 2009 we expect to continue growing our digital gaming revenue.  The investments we made in the emerging markets also contributed to our growth. In the key markets we targeted for expansion; Russia, the Czech Republic, Brazil, Korea and China, growth exceeded our expectations and many of our core brands performed well including Transformers, Nerf, Playskool, Monopoly and Littlest Pet Shop. Our continued investment in these markets will contribute to our growth over the next several years.  In 2008 many retailers experienced difficulty due to reduced consumer spending and the global financial crisis. At the end of last year two customers went out of business; Woolworth’s in the U.K. and KB Toys in the U.S. These events have not had a material impact on our business. As we look to 2009 given the severity of the downturn in global economies we are focused on keeping costs down, managing our operating cash flow and continuing to invest in our business for the long-term. Without question we expect it to be another challenging year with the first quarter probably being the most difficult. As the year progresses we would expect to see more momentum around our major movie initiatives and as we roll out our many new brand initiatives this fall.  In closing, we remain committed to our long-term strategy, a strategy that has been successful and one that we believe will drive growth, differentiate and create sustainable competitive advantages for Hasbro and deliver value to our shareholders for the long-term.  With that let me turn the call over to David Hargreaves. David? 
David Hargreaves:  Thank you. Good morning everyone. Before we begin reporting our numbers in detail I’d like to spend a few minutes talking about the fourth quarter. As Brian indicated, the fourth quarter was extremely challenging with consumer spending on toys down from a year earlier in most of our major markets.  In almost all cases Hasbro out performed the industry and we are reporting fourth quarter revenues which absent the adverse impact of exchange rates grew 1%. This growth didn’t just happen; it took some major tactical initiatives. You may recall that at our November Investor Event we indicated October POS had been down significantly and we potentially had some business at risk. We decided to proactively work with our retail partners undertaking additional promotions and giving them incremental mark down money to enable them to reduce the retail price of higher priced and slow moving product lines.  This proved to be successful. It enabled us to meet our revenue goal and to finish the year with a reasonable level of inventory. However, these actions clearly hurt our operating margins during the fourth quarter and were the major factor in the reduction to 12.3% from 15.4% last year.  Now let’s take a more detailed look at our full year results. In a very difficult environment we delivered our fourth consecutive year of revenue growth and our eighth consecutive year of growth in earnings per share. Worldwide net revenues were $4 billion compared to $3.8 billion last year, an increase of 5% to $184 million. For the full year there was a negative impact of foreign exchange of $10 million.  U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $2.4 billion compared with $2.3 billion last year, an increase of $113 million or 5%. U.S. and Canada operating profit for the year was $283.2 million or 11.8% of revenues compared to $287.8 million or 12.5% of revenues in 2007. Net revenues in the international segment were $1.5 billion compared to $1.4 billion a year ago. This segment was up 3.8% in U.S. dollars and 4.3% in local currencies.  The international segment reported operating profit of $165.2 million or 11% compared to $189.8 million or 13.1% of revenue last year. Operating profit in both the U.S. and Canada segment and International declined as a percent of revenue. This reflects the costs associated with the incremental programs we implemented at retail in the fourth quarter.  In the U.S. and Canada segment we also had increases in product development and marketing expenses related to the investments we are making in our core brands as well as our Wizards of the Coast digital initiative. In the international segment we had expenses related to the investments we are making in our emerging market strategy.  Now let’s take a look at earnings. For the full year we reported net earnings of $306.8 million or $2.00 per share. This compares to $333 million or $1.97 per share in 2007. For 2008 average diluted shares outstanding were 155.2 million compared to 171.2 million last year. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization were $654.3 million compared to $653.5 million a year ago. Gross margin for the year was 57.9% compared to 58.9% a year ago. The decline in gross margin is primarily due to the actions we took in the fourth quarter.  As previously discussed in our quarterly conference calls throughout the year we have been making significant investments in the emerging markets, in digital gaming and our entertainment strategy. This investment spending not only impacted our gross margin it also impacted development, advertising and SG&A expenses as well.  Now let’s take a look at expenses. Royalty expense for the year was $313 million or 7.8% of revenue compared to $316.8 million or 8.2% of revenue a year ago due primarily to a lower mix of movie based product lines. Research and product development expense for the year was $191.4 million or 4.8% of revenue compared to $167.2 million or 4.4% of revenue a year ago. Advertising expense while increasing $19.9 million to $454.6 million was consistent with last year at 11.3% of revenue.  SG&A expense at $797.2 million was relatively flat on a percentage basis although it did increase $42.1 million compared to last year. Interest expense increased by $12.5 million to $47.1 million primarily due to the $350 million of long-term debt we issued in the third quarter of 2007 offset somewhat by the repayment of $135 million of notes that matured in July 2008.  Other expense net totaled $6.1 million compared to $22.4 million a year ago. 2007 included a $44.4 million mark to market expense on [inaudible] warrants. Our 2008 tax rate was 30.4%. Excluding certain discrete items our underlying tax rate for 2008 was 32.8%. This compares to our 2007 full year underlying tax rate of 30.5%.  Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At year end cash totaled $630.4 million compared to $774.5 million a year ago. We generated $593.2 million in operating cash flow in the last 12 months. However, we spent $146 million to acquire Cranium and the Trivial Pursuit brand, $135 million to pay down maturing debt and we returned $467.3 million to shareholders via our increased dividend and stock buyback program.  Our receivables at $611.8 million declined by $43 million compared to $654.8 million last year. This is in line with the lower fourth quarter sales. Our DSO’s of 45 days were consistent with last year. Inventories increased to $300.5 million compared to $259.1 million a year ago. Although inventories are up year-over-year we are satisfied with the overall quality of our inventories.  In summary we are very pleased with the full year results we reported today. We grew revenues and earnings per share in a difficult economic environment and at the same time we were able to continue to make investments in our future. As we look to the year ahead we believe it will continue to be very challenging. Given this we are focused on keeping costs down and maximizing operating cash flow while continuing to invest in our business for the long-term.  That said, we do believe the underlying strength of our brands and our balance sheet will enable us to continue to do well even during these difficult times. We look forward to talking to you again on Friday from our Investor Meeting in New York where we will be providing more detail on our 2008 results and our outlook for 2009.  With that Brian, Deb and I will be happy to take your questions. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: David you gave a very detailed overview of the expenses for the year but I had some questions for the quarter if I may. First, can you just walk us through the promotional impact on your margins in the fourth quarter? 
David Hargreaves:  What I think I said is most of our deterioration in operating profit and indeed gross margin was a result of the additional promotional activity and mark down monies we gave. For example, coming into the last couple of months of the year we realized that some of our higher priced products like Kota the Dinosaur just wasn’t going to move at $249 at retail. People weren’t really buying too much at that level. So we took some fairly aggressive actions working with our retailers and gave the price of these higher priced items down. In fact, Kota we brought all the way down and it retailed at $99. It was very successful. That sort of cleared out at that level. We took a lot of actions like that to make sure any slow moving product or product that really wasn’t going to carry forward so much this year, maybe things related to movies like Indiana Jones or The Hulk we took fairly aggressive actions to make sure we cleared all of that out during the fourth quarter. That is the main reason why our margin was lower. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: So it might be hard to back this out but if you backed out the promotions you did, and again maybe it is difficult because you weren’t able to get the revenue growth but what I’m trying to figure out is underlying the promotions how did your margins look? 
David Hargreaves:  Our underlying margins were basically at a normal level. If you go back over the years we have typically for the year had about a 58% margin and that has been fairly consistent going back over the last 10 years. If you look at the year we came in at 57.9% and in fact the only reason we were down was really due to the actions we took in the fourth quarter. So I think the underlying margin in our business are as robust as they have been. I think a lot of people were concerned earlier in the year where the commodity cost increases were hurting our margin. We took some pricing, as you know, at the beginning of September and I think absent the actions we took we would have posted normal fourth quarter margins. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Regarding the inventory, I know when you were finishing your prepared remarks you said you were comfortable. Although again at the year end they were higher. If you could reconcile being comfortable with the level. 
David Hargreaves:  I think when people talk about our inventories and they talk about retailer inventories as well. I think on the retail end it is a mixed bag. We deal with several major multi national retailers around the globe and I don’t think there is one answer which is accurate for all our retailers. So really I am really talking in the aggregate. I think in the aggregate both our inventory and our retailers’ inventory is a bit higher than we would like to see in a normal year.  We have to recognize this is not a normal year and in fact retailers are probably going to rebalance their inventories lower in the first quarter recognizing we are in a recession. Now that will be a challenge we have to face and we are already starting to face that challenge. We had an extended Christmas break at our factories in both East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland. We have instigated a short working week in Ireland and we have held off bringing a number of people back at our East Longmeadow factory.  In addition, we are selectively slowing down some of our purchases from the [inaudible]. So it is a challenge and we are already addressing it. That said, I think there are a lot of positives as well. Firstly we did clear through most of the slower moving and higher priced inventories. That went so most of what we have and our retailers have at year end is in strong brands that have momentum and it will sell through.  Secondly, even in times when retailers are adjusting inventory they will still buy in really good, innovative products or products associated with much anticipated movie releases. We are in the fortunate position that we will be shipping inventory associated with Wolverine and with Transformers II during the first quarter. So I think in summary, our inventories are probably a bit higher than we would like. We recognize this challenge. We are taking actions to address it and I think overall because of the strength of our product line we are in pretty good shape to emerge from it fairly quickly. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Finally, the other expense line was that related to foreign exchange? The $12 million? 
David Hargreaves:  Other expense we certainly had some foreign exchange. That was a good part of it yes. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Was that the majority of it? 
David Hargreaves:  I think it was, yes. 
Operator:  The next question comes from John G. Taylor – Arcadia. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: On the movie front it looks like there are some excellent catalysts coming on. How do you think retailers are going to approach sort of average quantities of movie based items this year given all the skittishness out there? I don’t expect any specific number but do you think they would bring in maybe 10-15% less on average than they would on a similar movie in a better year? Is there any way to try to gauge that on the front end? 
Brian Goldner:  As we look at the movie initiatives, Wolverine is in May so as David mentioned we will begin shipping that product later in the first quarter. Transformers there is a lot of excitement around the world. Transformers comes at the end of June. Our products will come in the end of May. As we have gone around the world and looked at the film and I’m sure you saw on the Super Bowl the first Transformers commercial. We are very excited and our retailers are very excited. They saw what they did last time. We recognize we left the market a bit short in 2007. The brand had a really strong year last year with a lower decline than we have seen in prior non-movie years after a movie. So people feel very good about that.  GI Joe we have been all around the world seeing retailers and feel very good about that albeit later in the summer. So we don’t have a specific. I wouldn’t say there has been some wholesale decision upon retailers to take inventories one way or the other prior to movies. I think they want to be in a good position prior to these movies because of all the excitement, the marketing comes and all the promotional partnerships that comes and all Hasbro’s marketing that comes during those times. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: On the Girl’s side, I don’t want to steal any thunder but the Boy’s outlook seems pretty solid. It seems like a lot of key Girl’s categories started to slow down at retail during the holidays and so on. Do you have some surprises up your sleeve? Is there anything you can talk about on the Girl’s side in terms of brand focus this year? 
Brian Goldner:  Yes, in fact we are going to talk on Friday about a brand new initiative for Littlest Pet Shop that is very exciting and Littlest Pet Shop performed very well in the fourth quarter around the world. As we go forward we will also see new initiatives. Some of the key drivers in the showroom we will have some of those going on. Again there is a recognition that we are going to get more into the insights of our Girl’s and you are going to see more interesting digital initiatives that tie together with our analog business as we go forward. We will talk about that on Friday. We feel good about our Girl’s business as we go forward. The opportunity to expand those businesses globally and in emerging markets has been really excellent for us in 2008 and we expect that kind of momentum to continue in 2009. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: David, where did you bring in the EA royalty from the digital partnership? Which line? 
David Hargreaves:  In comes in our net revenue line and then it will get recorded in our other segment and our product line reporting in the K it will be spread between the various categories. 
Brian Goldner:  Let me just go back on one thing also I forgot to mention and should. Strawberry Shortcake will launch this year in 2009. So we will talk about that as well. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach. 
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: I was wondering, the rebalancing you talked about in Q1 apart from the entertainment properties given the ending inventories do you imagine you will have to provide added promotions to clear out what exists in your pipeline in Q1? 
David Hargreaves :  No we don’t. As I said, we took aggressive action in the fourth quarter on anything that was slow moving or high priced and as I said we are very happy with the quality of our inventory. It may be a little bit high but we are very happy with the quality of the inventory that is there. We think this will be a fairly quick, sharp and short adjustment by retailers and then we have got quite a lot of new and exciting products which we know they are planning to buy into and obviously we do have the advantage of shipping for the major movies. 
Brian Goldner:  If we look at Playskool they performed well in 2008. We had a lot more carry over items into 2009 than we had in previous years. A couple of new initiatives in the spring including a whole card gaming initiative headlined by a Monopoly product as well as a new Nerf initiative around our swords and so we have a lot of right price point new initiatives in the first half of the year. 
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: You mentioned the spending on emerging markets, digital, etc. Can you quantify the spending in Q4 and for the year? 
David Hargreaves :  I’m not sure we have added it all up exactly like that but we have certainly indicated in the earlier quarters it was running around $20 million a quarter and it was to tail off towards the end of the year. So I would say in the aggregate somewhere between $60-70 million of investment spending behind these various strategies which include the emerging markets, advancing our in house force to support our EA initiative where revenues only start in the fourth quarter but we had people on board all year, included our Wizards of the Coast digital initiatives which is Dungeons and Dragons Insider which if you go to the internet and see now and so there was a whole bunch of initiatives that were included in there and the aggregate spending over the year was probably in the region of about $70 million. 
Brian Goldner:  You would add to that the opening of the offices in Brazil and starting a company in China and the Czech Republic. Again, investments in personnel and marketing and sales personnel to help us build our business globally including emerging markets. 
David Hargreaves :  I forgot to say in our entertainment strategy we brought on an executive to help with the Universal Studio relationship, Bennett Schneir, and Lisa Licht we announced and we have started our own company registered with the Screen Writers Guild in order to write scripts and we have been funding some script development. So a lot of investment spending went on during 2008. 
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Will the incremental spend in 2009 therefore might be more limited year-over-year? 
Brian Goldner:  Yes we would expect it to be more limited. The Wizard of the Coast digital initiative is now up and running. We have opened many of these offices. We will have the ongoing cost of personnel in those offices. Some of those offices now will begin marketing programs but again more nominal spending overall. 
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: You had a major gap between Mattel and yourselves in the emerging markets. Could you comment on whether or not you have seen a big up tick in the sales to emerging markets in 2008? 
David Hargreaves :  I think this year we only started our company in Brazil and issued our first invoice in June. Clearly Brazil was good for us but it was still in the early days. I think as you look at the next few years we certainly think we are behind and we need to close that gap and we will do it fairly rapidly. I don’t think the incremental revenue to Hasbro overall in 2008 was that material. I think it becomes more material in 2009 and 2010. 
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Finally, a competitor has announced a price increase which took effect Jan. 1. What are your thoughts on price increases this year? 
David Hargreaves :  We will be taking a price increase. We are really only taking that to cover our cost increases from our vendors. Whilst a lot of people look at resins and ABS and Impact [inaudible] and say they are going down resins are only about 6% of our overall revenue. So if you look at our cost of goods sold the higher commodity usage for us is paper, board and print. Certainly these costs were higher at the end of 2008 than they were at the end of 2007. Our largest single component in cost of goods sold is labor and Chinese minimum labor rate is certainly higher at the end of 2008 than they were at the end of 2007. In addition you had vendors having to deal with additional social cuts; additional safety testing that had been imposed by the Chinese authorities. The Chinese currency was higher at the end of 2008 than it was at the end of 2007. Like everyone else in the world our vendors do have to finance their working capital. As you know, as everyone knows, with costs advancing working capital has gone up.  I think overall there were a lot of pressures on vendors and our costs have gone up and we are going to take a sort of mid single digit price increase in order to offset those costs. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Robert Carol – UBS. 
Robert Carol - UBS: As you kind of go towards the contract negotiations going forward on the commodity costs what are you seeing right now? Is there any leeway? 
David Hargreaves :  Clearly resins have come down very dramatically and clearly the cost of oil used in transport has come down quite significantly. So we are going back to our vendors and are saying to them you need to pass that on to us. We are hopeful that we will be able to get some reductions in our costs particularly on items that have a high plastic content and we are hopeful we should see a year-over-year reduction in terms of our ocean freight which also goes into our cost of goods sold. 
Brian Goldner:  This should help us to mitigate some of the early cost increases we have seen and we have taken costs now but wouldn’t expect to have to do that again throughout the year. 
Robert Carol - UBS: I know this is still a ways out but in terms of the Marvel agreement have you even started to look at extending that, adjustments to the term or increasing the scope? Have there been any changes from either side? 
Brian Goldner:  We are very pleased with the Marvel relationship. We have seen the development they are putting forth during our current term in the contract and we are very excited about properties coming in 2010 with Iron Man and Thor and 2011 so we still have a number of years there to work together and we will see how it goes. 
Robert Carol - UBS: On the share repurchase obviously there were none in the quarter. Has there been a change going forward given the current environment about how you will be addressing share purchases? 
David Hargreaves :  In the fourth quarter credit markets virtually seized up. People were worrying if there would be any credit at one time and would people be able to make payroll or draw down their revolvers or would people be able to go and get into the bond markets even if you were an A rated credit. So in that kind of environment we clearly hit the pause button on our stock repurchase program. Obviously as the credit markets ease over time we will continue to consider. We have open authorization and we will consider our buy back. But certainly we do believe at the moment cash is king. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : A little bit on the investment in international and digital, you made a lot of investments over the past few years. Can you quantify when the full benefit of that kicks in? It sounds like more so in 2009 and 2010 but when do we see the full benefit? What is next in terms of international investments? What countries will be coming next?  On the digital side with EA those revenues last year I would expect were relatively minimal. Maybe talk a little bit about the growth. Does that go from $7 million to $15 million in 2009? Do you expect the spending, the investment in that should be rather limited this year relative to last year? 
Brian Goldner:  First, in international we now have opened offices in the emerging markets and now we will have some additional spend there as we look at marketing plans, promotional plans and sales plans for those countries but not really increases per se in personnel overall. Maybe a few countries like China will continue to grow, a few Asian countries. More nominally in terms of cost and salaries and more into marketing and advertising.  In terms of additional countries we are looking at a number of countries. We haven’t made any decisions yet on opening additional offices this year although there are a few plans we are looking at preliminarily. In digital gaming you are right. You will begin to see more of those revenues and earnings come to the company this year as we go full on a full year of EA’s initiatives. We have our team in place so again in terms of additional cost from Hasbro against that it is probably more nominal with revenues increasing not only from Electronic Arts but of course Activision coming in with an array of games for the Transformers movie.  Again, growth in digital gaming revenues although I am not going to quantify it for you year-over-year. Suffice it to say the number of new initiatives and the size of those initiatives have grown dramatically. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : I was just referring to the EA digital part of that. Was that a relatively break even type even for you in 2008? 
David Hargreaves :  I think from the get go we always said our revenues from the EA deal would not be that material during 2008. We did have or they did have some cell phone and some online games up earlier in the year but in fact the big console and hand held DS games really didn’t start to ship until November and December. So we really only had a couple of months on the higher performing platforms. 
Brian Goldner:  If you notice, Littlest Pet Shop in the fourth quarter didn’t launch until the fourth quarter and Littlest Pet Shop’s Nintendo DS games EA reported they sold around 3 million units and made it a top ten SKU for the holiday season beating out some very well know titles. We will talk more about that on Friday. Clearly our Girl in that audience is responding quite well to the digital gaming platform and I think it has caused us all to look at great, additional opportunities across our business with EA. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : Any material changes to floor plans or shelf space for the next nine months, kind of the non-holiday period of the year? Are you seeing any meaningful shifts at retail? Then two housekeeping questions. The first Universal movie will that be in 2011 and then the last one, Transformers I believe in 2007 you indicated revenues were in the $480 million range. What was the count of 2008? 
Brian Goldner:  We will start with Transformers. What we said was the Transformers decline was more nominal than we had seen in any Boy’s Entertainment property over the last ten years. We didn’t report the number. Typically we report the number if it is more than 10% of our revenues. But it was quite good. Quite strong and it gives us great opportunity for this year which segue’s into your second question. The one thing we are seeing obviously is with the new movie initiatives happening earlier in the year a number of sizeable initiatives obviously our retailers are gearing up for that around the world. A lot of great excitement. You would expect Transformers to be a top program at many of these retailers and it is. The kinds of square footage we would get early in the year is of course is consistent with that kind of excitement. So you have the three major movie initiatives and continued strength in some of our other core businesses. So again you should see some business earlier in the year. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : The first Universal movie? 
Brian Goldner:  2010 or 2011. We are very excited about the kind of development we have done. You have probably seen some of the announcements out there about writers and potential directors. We’ll talk more about that on Friday but again Bennett and the Universal team are doing a tremendous job in getting an incredible array of creative stewards who are all very excited about our properties, who have grown up with these properties and believe in the potential of these brands and so we will talk more about that. Again, 2010 or 2011. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: On the EA relationship given what has happened in the overall global environment and Brian what you said regarding the Littlest Pet Shop success do you anticipate if you rewind to a year ago, that ramp rate in revenue with EA to be more similar or less similar to what you thought it would be a year ago? 
Brian Goldner:  What we are really seeing and I think you are seeing it across the video game industry is casual gaming really coming to the fore. Whether it is the Wii or online games or Nintendo DS and handheld games and as we said all along we believe our brands are the sweet spot for those kinds of games given the generational appeal, the global appeal of those brands and the brand names and the opportunity for those audiences to participate now in more casual games. EA obviously recognized that in doing the deal with us but we are seeing the early successes there and so we will continue to build that business. I know EA still has committed plans across our business and a number of new titles across a number of platforms. So we feel very encouraged by the progress we are making and it is as good as we hoped it would be. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: I think about a year ago you said EA is looking to grow that business $600 million and you anticipated being about half of that business over a three year period. So you are saying that is basically intact? 
Brian Goldner:  I believe as you look at the mix of the business overall in the industry as well as what we are doing and you see how well our titles are performing we will continue to move business plans in that direction. 
David Hargreaves :  At that time we were actually quoting what Kathy Vrabeck and what EA said at their analyst meeting. They expected to grow family and casual gaming from about $400 million to $1 billion over the next few years and that Hasbro titles would be a key driver. So that was them speaking as opposed to us. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: David on the inventory side, what geographic markets performed the best or the worst? Then I know you said it kind of varied by individual retailer but looking at it from a country or geographic perspective? Maybe what categories you feel either at the company level or in the channel that you are in the best shape or a little hesitant on? 
David Hargreaves :  I think first of all that the industries were down in a lot of markets. I suspect when TIA announced the industry here it was down particularly in the fourth quarter. Canada I believe was down in the fourth quarter. Certainly the U.K. was down in the fourth quarter. France was down in the fourth quarter. There were a lot of major markets at an industry level that were down in the fourth quarter and we believe we out performed the industry in those cases. That said, when the industry is down that much things are moving slower and you end up being a bit heavier on inventory.  I’m kind of repeating myself but I think most of the problem areas we took care of. I think the markets most hit by the economic downturn were probably the U.S. and the U.K. was hit pretty badly. Fortunately we don’t do any business in Iceland. I think the German market actually finished relatively strong and whilst the industry was down in France we finished very, very strong in France with Littlest Pet Shop and other brands. So France, for example, I would say our retailer inventories are in much better shape and our own inventories are in much better shape.  Again, in the U.S. some retailers tend to be more inventory averse and shut down earlier and probably ended up being out of stock in some items. Other retailers said we are going to kind of go for it and didn’t miss any sales but were probably heavier on inventory. So it is a kind of mixed bag out there. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Overall, as you are saying you out performed relative to the industry overall so what you are saying is that you believe your inventories in the channel are in better shape than the overall industry? Is that what you are saying? 
David Hargreaves :  I’m not going to answer that one because it is almost like I’m commenting on other companies’ inventories which I am not going to do. I do think that clearly the market the industries were down in the fourth quarter and absent exchange rate our shipments were up and our POS was good. So I feel comfortable about where we are. When you talk about the quality of inventories, we have a lot of inventory in things like Littlest Pet Shop, Star Wars and Transformers. All of those things are continuing to do well and have a lot of momentum. So we are not worried about that at all. 
Brian Goldner:  We take obviously at the end of the year a hard look at the inventory and anything we would see as a liability obviously we take account for. So the things that we are carrying over in addition to the great, strong product lines like Playskool and the ones David mentioned we do have some new initiatives for the spring that we are clearly putting in inventory and sending out into the market and we are seeing some great early results at the right price points for a lot of brands. Things in Nerf and our card games business along those lines. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Lastly, a housekeeping item. David you mentioned the overall operating cash flow. Could you talk about G&A Capex for the year and expectations for 2009? 
David Hargreaves :  For the year our depreciation is coming in at about $87 million and amortization at about $78 million. So it is $87 million plus $78 million. I think as we go into next year our capital spending in 2008 was a bit higher than usual at $117 million because we are doing an SAP systems upgrade and we drove some new work practices in and staff reductions in our factories and we committed to spending a bit more in the factories. So capital spending at $117 million was up a little bit in 2008. That would lead to depreciation being a bit higher in 2009 than it was in 2008. I think amortization will get the first full year of Trivial Pursuit and Cranium but come the fourth quarter Wizards of the Coast amortization sort of drops off. So I think on balance amortization might be about even. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: The Capex plans? 
David Hargreaves :  Capital expenditures in 2009 will probably be back down to $90-100 million. It won’t be $117 million again. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Gregory Badishkanian – Citigroup. 
Gregory Badishkanian – Citigroup: Just looking at the currencies, let’s assume that currency stayed constant for the remainder of the quarter. How much of an impact would that have on your first quarter? I believe you said $80 million impact in the fourth quarter? 
Brian Goldner:  Yes it was $80 million against revenue in the fourth quarter. 
David Hargreaves :  It will be fairly significant. Let’s remember that over the last few months last summer Sterling was at $2.00. Right now it is closer to $1.40 hovering a little bit above or a little below. The Euro was up at about $1.50 last summer and that has been around $1.30 a little above and a little below. So we have had a fairly dramatic weakening of overseas currencies and certainly over the full year that has probably reduced our full year expectation by about 5%. In the first quarter it is probably even a little bit more than that. That said, as Brian said on the conference call, if economies don’t deteriorate any further and exchange rates stay around about where they are today then we actually do think we will be able to post revenue growth in 2009. But clearly it is a significant headwind in terms of foreign currencies and the overall economy. 
Gregory Badishkanian – Citigroup: Speaking about revenue growth in 2009, you have got a number of interesting movies coming out or toys related to those movies. Wolverine, GI Joe, Transformers II…how do you think that compares with the line up that we saw in 2008? 
Brian Goldner:  As you remember we created some new math about a year ago and we said we thought six would equal three in 2008 and in fact it did. It exceeded the three. So I would say the next round of new math is four may equal six as we go forward. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: I just wanted to ask you about the Star Wars property. You mentioned significant growth in 2008. What you saw in terms of sell through during the period and what remains in the pipeline as far as programming is concerned for 2009 and 2010? 
Brian Goldner:  We did see great growth in Star Wars and the innovation in the product line contributing to that. We believe that animation in 2009 will continue and further on in 2010 or 2011 it will be more live action. I don’t believe there has been a specific announcement on the date but Star Wars having some entertainment support going forward will certainly be there. Again, we believe Star Wars the performance from last year just indicates with great innovation and story selling the brand is very strong. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: As far as the EA initiative is concerned you had a lot of commentary around that. I wanted to know the number of console and handheld games that are planned for 2009? I think you mentioned two dozen games for mobile and cell phones? 
Brian Goldner:  I believe we will be able to get into that more fully on Friday. I believe that between now and Friday EA is planning its own set of announcements around its line up for this year. So you will get a lot of specificity there from them. We did talk about a number of new products on all the different formats for 2009 and that is true. Trivial Pursuit, Cranium, more Monopoly titles, more Littlest Pet Shop titles. Again they are going to do their announcement and then we will talk about it more fully on Friday. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you say what the games and puzzles business did in the fourth quarter in terms of year-over-year growth or decline? 
Brian Goldner:  Games and puzzles for the full year was down slightly while board games was up a few percent. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: How about in the fourth quarter? 
Brian Goldner:  In the fourth quarter games and puzzles were down a bit more significantly as were board games. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: The tax rate was a little lighter in the quarter. What drove that? Your expectations for the effective tax rate in 2009? 
Deborah Thomas Slater:  Our tax rate was down in the quarter due to some benefits we got from repatriating some cash from overseas that we had previously recorded some provisions on that. As far as our expectations for 2009, we will talk a little bit more on that on Friday. We expect that our 2009 tax rate will be more in line with the underlying rate for 2008. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: A question regarding the advertising expense in the quarter as a percentage of sales. When you take these promotional programs to discounting and mark down money that typically has the effect of reducing what your reported net sales are and often that shows up especially if you are negatively priced as an increase in the advertising in the fourth quarter as a percentage of sales and yet it was down. I’m wondering how these promotions work if it didn’t result in at least a stable or increased rate on advertising as a percentage of sales? 
Brian Goldner:  It actually is from gross to net revenue is where it is reflected. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: So your net revenue would be down so if you are looking at the numbers we are looking at the advertising percentage as a percentage of net revenue would tend to increase. I think in the fourth quarter relative to last year it is actually down. 
David Hargreaves :  I think one of the things that we did show is we clearly had a re-balancing towards more specific, customer directed promotions and mark down money which clearly goes up to the reduction in net sales. I think there was some advertising which was uncommitted and we do it sort of on an accrual basis which we pull back on some TV in order to do much more targeted, much more specific against slower moving, higher priced items. 
Brian Goldner:  So the total marketing was up but the mix changed late in the fourth quarter. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: It sounds like the recognition at the consumer was looking for a deal and you can whistle all you want on TV but if you are not doing something at point of sale it’s not worth it? 
Brian Goldner:  I think it is important to note that it wasn’t an across the board thing. There is a lot of our core brands that we supported with television throughout the season that were selling well. Then there were some slower moving items where we felt that to get more impact with additional retailer programs and dialing back on TV for those specific items. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Brian when you went through the performance of the major categories I think all those numbers you gave were full year numbers. Could you go through those categories for the fourth quarter? 
Brian Goldner:  If you look in the fourth quarter Preschool was up 8%. Girl’s business was up 7%. Tween’s business went up 43% driven by our Nerf business. Boy’s business was down low double digits, 13%. I noted already games and puzzles and board games. That is where we ended. Again a number of initiatives that were really working for us in the quarter and so we can look at that as the differentiation where we had items like Kota we had to address where we were pulling back on advertising and putting it into retailer programs. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Did you say that Iron Man II and Thor are both expected in 2010 or is that 2011? 
Brian Goldner:  2010. Iron Man is expected May 2010. Thor is expected July 2010. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Spiderman is still expected in 2011? 
Brian Goldner:  I believe so yes. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: I was just wondering if you could give us the $60-70 million in investments you talked about earlier from 2008 how much of that has been expensed already and how much is still to come through? 
David Hargreaves :  It is all expensed. It all went through. We have used that by way of explanation of why operating margins have been down and that is because it essentially all went through the P&L. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets:  On pension how have your assumptions changed and what does that do to your funding level? 
Deborah Thomas Slater:  Our assumptions really haven’t changed. We haven’t had a re-mix of our assets. I will say that we were in a very down market and were relatively pleased with investment losses on our pensions only around 12%. We don’t expect that we have any contribution requirement outside some of the smaller international contributions that were required to make the statutory purposes in 2009. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: The exact street dates for the three movies this year? 
Brian Goldner:  The expected dates are May 1 for Wolverine. Transformers is June 26. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Is that the street date for the toys? 
Brian Goldner:  No, sorry. I thought you were asking about the movies. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: No the street date for the toys. 
Brian Goldner:  I would back up five to six weeks from these dates. GI Joe is August 7 as a movie. I think I mentioned that Transformers we were talking about something at the end of May. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: That is when we see the stuff on the shelves, not necessarily when it was shipped? 
Brian Goldner:  Correct. Exactly. On the shelves and ready for retail. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management. 
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: Very little was said about Star Wars until the Q&A. Are we to take that to mean that Star Wars is not quite as important in your outlook for 2009 as it might have been for 2008 and 2007? 
Brian Goldner:  No, not at all. In fact, we can’t cover everything in our scripting so we are happy to have had a question about it and clearly we can talk more about it. Star Wars performed exceedingly well last year. We feel very good about that brand going forward and the kind of entertainment that Lucas is doing in Television has certainly been beneficial to the business. Our teams have done a tremendous job in innovation which is evident in the market and consumers are really enjoying products that we are putting out both in the core as well as in the Clone War related products. So that will go forward. 
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: Are we saying, again I don’t mean to put you on the spot although I know I am, which is that Star Wars might have a better year in 2009 than it did in 2008? 
Brian Goldner:  I don’t think I am going to be able to answer that. I could tell you I thought I gave you some good intelligence when we said we thought four would equal six. 
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: Second, David you made a comment near the end of your presentation that you are positioning 2009 to be a good year. Now I believe in the November meeting the term was an up year. Am I to take good year to mean a step back from an up year? 
Brian Goldner:  Let me just comment on that first. Obviously barring the further deterioration in the global economies or as we talked about foreign exchange we would expect to be able to grow both revenues and earnings per share again in 2009 as we did in 2008. We talked about the current levels in foreign exchange. Again, we have the initiatives to be successful. Although we also said back in our third quarter conference call and at our Analyst Meeting that we were tempering our expectations to reflect the realities of the market. We still feel very good about our business barring these major exogenous factors. 
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: That explains the choice of words. A follow-up on Shawn’s observation, if I look at your total mark down money in 2008 versus the total market down money expended in 2007 the differential between the two equals how many cents per share of the earnings shortfall for the year? 
Brian Goldner:  I think we have given you about all the guidance we are going to give you. Suffice it to say we said the decline in our earnings in the fourth quarter was mostly attributable to the additional mark downs and promotions we had done. We are not going to quantify that year-on-year. Again, I think the important thing to leave you with is that both our gross margin going forward as well as our earnings in the quarter would be more normalized going forward, gross margins in particular, because we again said we dealt with a lot of these inventory issues that were out there in 2008. We took a decision to be more significant earlier feeling that we could drive both consumer demand and lower inventories. 
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: If we look at 2009 you have already made your basic assumptions about mark down money which you accrue each quarter. Is that number for 2009 higher or lower than the amount that you accrued for 2008? 
Brian Goldner:  It would be in line with the more traditional sales expectations. 
David Hargreaves :  It will tend to be lower. The fourth quarter came upon us fairly quickly and as we go into this year whilst we are expecting it to be a difficult year we are going to plan it a bit differently. We are going to have less higher priced items out there as we go through this year and we will have more lower priced items. In addition, retailers will be ordering in line with the market expectations and have their inventories accordingly. So they are not suddenly going to get caught by going into a very severe recession in the fourth quarter like we did this year. 
Brian Goldner:  If you look at the situation if we all can remember September 15 of last year we were in the throes of chipping a lot of inventory for the fourth quarter. We are in a very different position now having the opportunity to look out on the horizon to make a different type of plan for 2009 which we indicated months ago we would be tempering our expectations although again believing we could grow both EPS and revenues this year barring any further declines in the global economies or exchange rates. 
Operator:  There are no other questions at this time. I’d like to turn it back to our presenters for closing remarks. 
Deborah Thomas Slater:  Thank you. I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay of the call will be available on our website in approximately two hours. 
Operator:  This does conclude our call today. We’d like to thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen A. Warren - Investor Relations Brian Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer Deborah Thomas Slater - Senior Vice President, Controller
Analysts: Robert Carol - UBS John G. Taylor - Arcadia Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray  Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities Thomas Russo - Gardner Russo Gardner
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to Hasbro's third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) With us today from the company is Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Karen Warren. Please go ahead. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you, Lacey and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; and Deb Thomas Slater, Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Finance. To better understand our third quarter results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at Hasbro.com. We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share.  During the call this morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and David will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for achieving our objectives.  There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  Now I would like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian. 
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Before David takes you through a detailed review of the financials, let me take a moment to comment on our results. Our company continues to perform well and we are very pleased with our results in the third quarter and year-to-date. In a challenging economic environment, Hasbro delivered revenue growth with revenues up 6% to $1.3 billion for the quarter, compared to $1.2 billion last year. Absent the favorable impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 5%.  Net earnings for the quarter were $138.2 million compared to $132 million in 2007, with earnings per share of $0.89 compared to $0.78 per share, excluding the impact of a one-time favorable tax adjustment of $29.6 million, or $0.17 per share in 2007.  As part of our longer term strategy to grow Hasbro, we continue to make investments in many areas of the business, including emerging markets, entertainment, and digital gaming. With the current strength of our product line, we’re able to make investments that will provide value for our shareholders over the long-term while continuing to deliver earnings growth in the quarter.  Now let’s review the global quarterly performance of our product categories. Boy, girls, preschool and games were all up, which speaks to the strength of our brand portfolio. The boys business was up 7%, with many brands performing well. Star Wars continues to be strong with The Clone Wars animated product line doing very well. The CG animated television series debuted on Cartoon Network on October 3rd and became the channel’s most viewed series premiere, ranking number one among all major kids networks in its timeslot. The series will be rolling out around the globe over the next 12 months. As we’ve said since February, we expect Star Wars to have another very good year and tog grow compared to last year.  Transformers continues to represent a significant brand in our boys portfolio and it is having a great year, particularly given that it’s a non-movie year. As we expected, revenues were down for the quarter; however, the momentum remains strong and with the addition of the Transformers animated product line, we have seen significant growth since the second quarter.  As we look to 2009, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, our second film in partnership with Dreamworks and Paramount, is expected to be released on June 26, 2009. We have seen some early film footage and we are really excited about it.  We are also looking forward to G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, which is expected to be released on August 7, 2009. The filming is completed and we believe this movie is a tremendous way to reinvent and reimagine the brand.  The Iron Man DVD was released on September 30th and DVD sales have been very strong over the last few weeks. We have found that DVDs are an important driver of sales as they bring new consumers into the franchise, which bodes well for the upcoming holiday season. Iron Man will exceed our original expectations for the year. Marvel has already announced that Iron Man 2 will be released in 2010.  We continue to believe that our six major boys initiatives in 2008 can equal the three major boys initiatives in 2007.  The girls category continues to do well, with revenues up 11% in the quarter, driven by the success of Furreal Friends, Baby Alive, Easy-Bake Oven, the Littlest Pet Shops.  Our tween category was down 5% in the quarter. Although Nerf was up a strong 30%, it was not enough to offset the decline from last year’s Power Tour Guitar, which is no longer in our line.  The preschool category was up 15%, with core Playskool segments performing well and In The Night Garden also contributing to the growth in the category.  Our games and puzzle business was up 4% for the quarter. During the quarter, we had successful global game launches with Monopoly, Here and Now: The World Edition and the Trivial Pursuit 25th Anniversary Edition. We also launched the Trivial Pursuit game show in late September. With placement in over 90% of the U.S., it’s off to a good start with solid ratings.  Traditional board games were up 7%, with a number of games performing well in the quarter, including Scrabble, Trivial Pursuit, Twister, and Guess Who. In our Wizards of the Coast trading card business, both Magic: The Gathering and Duel Masters were up significantly.  As more people are choosing to stay home and spend time together, our games are even more relevant today. That’s why earlier this year we developed plans to relaunch Hasbro's family game night. Based on consumer insights, the new family game night promotions emphasizes the tremendous economic value of our games and creates a way for families to get together. Complementing our program is the Electronic Arts launch of family game night on the Wii and PlayStation 2, featuring reimagined versions of some of Hasbro's classics, like Connect Four, Battleship, Yahtzee, Boggle, and Sorry. This new title from EA showcases the power and versatility of our games brand and the family game night platform.  We are also working with EA on a number of integrated promotional programs for the fourth quarter that will support the launch of both our toys and their digital games, including efforts for three of Hasbro's most popular brands, Littlest Pet Shop, Nerf, and Monopoly.  We couldn’t be more pleased with the success of our partnership with EA and by the end of 2008, EA and Hasbro will have launched over 30 games, with great Hasbro brands appearing on every major platform from PlayStation 3 to the Wii to Xbox 360 to the iPod and iPhone. Next year we will launch even more games based on a broader range of brands.  As we have said, revenues from our EA strategic alliance in 2008 will not be material, since product launches tied to major platforms are occurring later in the year. However, as EA's portfolio of Hasbro brands increases over the next few years, our revenues will increase as well.  Shifting to another investment area, our emerging market strategy, as we have said, we believe that there are significant growth opportunities in emerging markets. To facilitate our growth plans, we have been increasing our investments in a number of new markets this year, including opening offices in Brazil, Russia, China and the Czech Republic. Our brands have proven worldwide appeal and as we increase our presence around the globe, we expect to grow our emerging market business significantly over the next few years.  The strength of our product portfolio and the diversity of our world-class brands not only benefits Hasbro in emerging markets, it also serves us well in a challenging economic environment. With the breadth and depth of our portfolio, we have something to reach every consumer, from infants to seniors -- whether it’s Playskool, Littlest Pet Shop, Transformers, or our wide array of games, Hasbro has it.  Consumers have come to expect from Hasbro a product line that delivers great innovation and value for their money. That’s why we have done well in good and not-so-good economic times. We have consistently delivered innovation across all our major product categories around the globe and with the majority of our products selling for $20 or less at retail, we have historically been recession resistant.  In closing, as we have said at the beginning of the year, we believe we will grow revenue and earnings per share in 2008. While the current environment is challenging, we have not changed this expectation. We believe that over time we can grow revenues 3% to 5%. This has not changed. Our medium to longer term operating margin objective is 15% and this has not changed.  We continue to develop the management team, marketing programs, and innovation that will serve Hasbro, its customers, its consumers, and its shareholders well for today and the future.  Now let me turn the call over to David and talk more about our third quarter results. David. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Thanks, Brian and good morning, everyone. I too am very pleased with the results we reported today. For the quarter, we delivered worldwide net revenues of $1.3 billion, compared to $1.2 billion last year, an increase of 6% or $79 million. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 5% or $60 million. Operating profit for the quarter was $215.9 million, or 16.6% of revenue. This compares to $209.7 million, or 17.1% of revenue last year.  Before looking at our results in more detail, I would like to take a moment to address one of the questions people are asking us -- how is the current credit situation impacting Hasbro's liquidity? And the answer is that the current credit situation is not impacting Hasbro's liquidity. We ended the quarter with $356.5 million in cash and we have available capacity if needed on both our securitization program and bank revolver. In addition, we are clearly through our working capital peak for this year and we will be substantially cash flow positive for the next two quarters. Now let’s get back to our quarterly results, starting with our segments. U.S. and Canada segment net revenues were $821 million compared to $773.5 million last year, an increase of $47.5 million, or 6%. U.S. and Canada operating profit for the quarter was $131.9 million, compared to $122.8 million last year. As a percent of revenue, it was flat year over year at approximately 16%.  Net revenues in the international segment were $460.6 million, compared to $423.2 million a year ago. The segment was up 9% in U.S. dollars and 4% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The international segment reported operating profit of $65.8 million, compared to $68.8 million last year. The decrease is primarily due to the investments we are making in the emerging markets.  Now let’s take a look at earnings. For the third quarter, we reported net earnings of $138.2 million, or $0.89 per share. This compares to $132 million, or $0.78 per share excluding a favorable tax adjustment of $29.6 million, or $0.17 per share, in 2007.  During the quarter, average diluted shares outstanding were $156.2 million, compared to $170.8 million last year. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization were $261.8 million, compared to $259.3 million a year ago. Gross margin for the quarter was 55.9%, compared to 57.4% a year ago.  As we previously announced, we took pricing actions in September to offset the cost increases that we have experienced thus far this year. While the cost increases impacted all three months of the quarter, the price increases were effective for only one month of the quarter. This resulted in a decline in gross margin for the quarter; however, for the full year through cost-saving initiatives and pricing actions we have taken, we expect to be able to mitigate most of these increases and they should not have a material impact on our full year results.  Now let’s take a look at expenses. Royalty expense for the quarter was $83.7 million, or 6.4% of revenue compared to $93 million, or 7.6% a year ago. As we have discussed, entertainment based product lines continue to represent a significant part of our business, although less so than a year ago.  Research and product development expense, while increasing $6.5 million to $50 million, was relatively flat on a percentage basis. The increased spending reflects the significant investment we are making in product development to grow our business in 2009 and beyond.  Advertising expense at 11.6% of revenue was consistent with last year as a percent of revenue. However, it did increase by $12.6 million to $151.2 million. The increased spending reflects our commitment to building our brands and driving our business through the balance of the year.  SD&A expenses at $207.5 million was relatively flat on a percentage basis, although it did increase by $8.4 million compared to last year, primarily due to foreign exchange.  As I shared with you at the beginning of my remarks, operating profit declined marginally from a year ago. In part, this reflects the net impact of cost and price increases during the quarter but more significant are the investments we are making in the future growth of the business, including higher R&D spending, investments in emerging markets, and the promotion of our brands through higher advertising.  Interest expense increased by $2.5 million to $11.7 million, primarily due to the $350 million of long-term debt we issued in the third quarter of last year, offset somewhat by the repayment of $135 million of notes that matured in July this year.  Other expense net totaled $2.7 million, compared to an income of $3.5 million a year ago, partially due to lower interest income on invested cash.  Our underlying 2008 tax rate was 31.7%, compared to our 2007 full year underlying tax rate of 30.5%.  Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $356.5 million, compared to $410.9 million a year ago. Although we have generated $579 million in operating cash flow in the last 12 months, we have spent a significant amount of cash on our share buy-back program and the acquisition of Cranium and the Trivial Pursuit brands.  As I already mentioned, we are beyond our working capital peak and will be cash flow positive for the remainder of this year and into next.  Our receivables at $946.9 million were up $54.2 million compared to $892.7 million last year, primarily due to higher sales volume. DSOs were 65 days compared to 66 days last year. We are very comfortable with the overall quality of our receivables.  Inventories increased to $461.6 million, compared to $395.5 million a year ago.  In summary, we are very pleased with the results we reported today. We grew revenues and earnings in a difficult economic environment whilst also continuing to make investments in our future. As we look to the remainder of the year, clearly it will continue to be a very challenging environment.  We have said in the past that based on history, we believe we are relatively recession resistant. However, given the severity of what is now happening in the global economies, we do not believe we will be unaffected and we are adjusting our expectations and spending plans accordingly. That said, we do believe that the underlying strength of our brands and balance sheet will enable us to do well even during these stormy times.  With that, Brian, Deb, and I would be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Robert [Carol] of UBS.
Robert Carol - UBS: I was actually just wondering if you could comment on some of the retail sell-through that you’ve seen during the quarter and even just any progression through -- I mean, if things had trailed off a little bit in September or October as the overall economy has gotten a little worse. 
Brian Goldner: Good morning, Robert. First of all, we still believe that Christmas will come for consumers and retailers this year and our retailers have agreed that toys and games are more recession resistant than other discretionary spending categories, and we agree with this conclusion.  David, do you want to talk about some of the specifics?
David D. R. Hargreaves: In terms of the POS, we are clearly -- in our toy business we are clearly up year-to-date and our game business is fairly flat. In terms of most recent month, clearly retail was down in September and the first two months of October have shown retail to be down overall. We haven’t escaped that slight downturn in POS. Whether that continues throughout the end of the year or whether that was a particular blip that appeared in time due to what was going on in the economy, we’ll find out but as Brian said, we are relatively confident. We know that Christmas will come and we have a very strong product line and a lot of good demand of our products. 
Brian Goldner: Robert, as I look across our business and as I talk to retailers, you know, retailers have still seen good sales over the past few weeks on some of the popular brands. Our brands and others that have had momentum with their new innovative holiday items and their highly promoted products and brands, so that’s kind of where we are. 
Robert Carol - UBS: That’s helpful. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Our next question is from John Taylor of Arcadia. Please go ahead. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: I’ve got a couple of questions, if I can -- everybody gets nervous this time of year, even without the stuff that’s going on in a macro sense and I’m wondering what you guys are or how you would characterize this sort of game of chicken regarding inventory and who is going to hold what, whether you guys are doing to build it and wait for orders or whether retailers are going to bring it in. Because it seems like people still believe there’s going to be a Christmas and it might just come later than it usually does. It may not ultimately reach the level that it typically does given whatever multiplier you might use from here but I wonder if you can talk about the timing of shopping patterns and whether people are going to be in-stock with inventory and whether you are going to have enough to sort of supply in case there is in fact a decent Christmas and people try to shield their kids from the stuff that’s going on. Long question but can you get into some of that?
Brian Goldner: Sure, John, good morning. So where we are and what we have seen overall, we have forecasting and tracking teams that have partnered with retailers throughout the year to create the plans and this continues day by day in the fourth quarter. Our brands have had a lot of momentum. You just heard about the third quarter, through the third quarter. We still have significant plans in the fourth quarter for these brands, Furreal, Littlest Pet Shop, Nerf, just to name a few. So again, we feel again with our retailers and partnering that we are on the right track. We recognize that it’s going to come down to the consumer. The consumer is projected to spend less by many people than prior years this holiday but we want to be in a position where consumers spend more as a percentage on Hasbro brands and our great innovative products. We think we can do that and that’s why we continue to invest in marketing and marketing programs, in our family game night promotions, and ensuring that our products are out there available.  In terms of specific inventory, even our higher ticket items, you know we’ve forecasted an appropriate level of sales for these items. We’ve thought about how many Codas and how many Biscuits we think we can sell and we feel very comfortable. We are seeing some really good early results. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: So if I can get at what David, how David was discussing it though, saying it clearly is going to have an impact on Hasbro to some degree. Is that most likely going to show up in an ad-to-sales ratio? Is that mostly going to show up in a mid-sales number? I mean, are there any line items in particular you feel are most exposed or categories or any way to sort of narrow this down a little bit for us?
Brian Goldner: I think as we look across the fourth quarter, you know, clearly as we’ve said, we expect to be up both in revenue and earnings per share this year. You know, the consumer may not spend as much. They may spend more on Hasbro toys. It may have some impact on what we have as an internal estimate for fourth quarter but again, we still believe we can deliver overall. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Margaret Whitfield of Sterne, Agee.
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Good morning. I was wondering if you could further elaborate on your comments at the end that you will be adjusting your expectations and your spending levels. It sounds like some of the high-ticket items are going well, or are you shifting more of your shipments to more value-based products? Thank you. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Margaret, as we’ve said, we’ve had a lot of momentum this year thus far. We were up 13% in the first two quarters and we were up again this quarter. We have a lot of momentum and clearly we see a lot of that continuing into the fourth quarter.  However, when you look what’s going on in the global economy, it’s tough to think that with potentially higher unemployment, with potentially a slow-down on consumer spending, as they tend to take down their credit card debt, some retailers around the globe are going to find some difficulties -- it is tough to think that our momentum won’t be somewhat impacted by what’s going on in the macroeconomic environment. So I don’t think we are saying that we think we are going to have a bad year in any sense -- I think it’s just maybe perhaps not as good as we thought it would be two months ago. 
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Will there be a shift in more value toys, do you believe this holiday versus the $2.99 item?
David D. R. Hargreaves: You know, one of the things you will see is with advertising in the third quarter was up significantly year-on-year and we are going to keep the advertising going to drive sales during the fourth quarter. 
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: And how about currency? To the bottom line, what was the effect in this quarter and year-to-date? 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, I think revenues were favorable year over year during the third quarter by about $19 million. I think as we get into the fourth quarter, again that’s another area where we won’t be un-impacted because for a number of years, we have had favorable sort of tailwinds in terms of currency. In terms of the fourth quarter of this year, it will probably be the first year for a substantial period of time where year over year, currency and the translation of foreign revenues and earnings back to U.S. dollars is actually going against us. 
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Would you say the situation in your overseas markets is worse than the U.S. in terms of retailers’ concern about the holiday season?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think certainly we’re in an extraordinary blip of time at the moment. Whether things settle down as we get in through the rest of the fourth quarter, we’ll find out but certainly over the last couple of weeks, with everything that’s been going on, retailers are expressing more caution and consumers, as you can see from consumer sales numbers, have been shopping less than a year ago.  Again, that said, we keep coming back to the fact that we’ve got very strong brands, we’ve got a lot of momentum, and we think we are positioned to do well even in these sort of stormy times. 
Brian Goldner: Margaret, the consumer can spend somewhat less money in Q4 and Hasbro can still grow if we get our fair share or better. So again, our goal is to have the plans in place to continue to drive our business with our teams with great brands and an array of brands, a diversity of brands that have great momentum. 
Margaret Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Thank you and best of luck. 
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum of Stifel Nicolaus. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, everyone. I wonder if you guys could comment on when the business benefits from the significant pull-back we’ve seen in oil prices, and specifically raw material costs. And then also if you could elaborate on your comment about sustaining operating profit margin, or gross margins, rather, and pricing and what you see for 2009 as far as pricing product? Thanks. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: So whilst oil has swung dramatically from around $70 a barrel in the fourth quarter of last year up to $147 and then back down to $70, you know, there’s not a direct correlation with plastics. Resins such as ABS polypro did not increase as significantly and although they’ve started to fall back a little bit during the last quarter, they are still above where they were a year ago.  In addition to resins, we are still contending with higher China labor costs, up about 30% since a year ago. We’ve got some incremental quality and safety testing costs and we’ve got the appreciation of the Chinese currency. So there’s still a reasonable amount of cost pressure out there.  In terms of pricing, what we said when commodity costs were going up is that we would take the appropriate pricing actions in order to protect our margin. I think as prices, commodity costs start to come down, you know, we reevaluate the need or the magnitude of any price increases go forward. But clearly this is not a time to be taking price increases that aren’t warranted by cost increases, so I think we’ll be looking to protect our margins and we will take the appropriate pricing actions to do that.  Certainly in Europe we probably will see more pricing because if you look at sterling, for example, it’s already fallen 15% against the U.S. dollar, so I think whereas in Europe we’ve taken less pricing over the last couple of years because the exchange has been going forward and offsetting cost increases, over the next period of time we will have to take more pricing in Europe as the exchange rates go against us, or against them. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: One last one -- Dave, is there a CapEx figure you can provide for the quarter?
David D. R. Hargreaves: We do have that. I think it’s $29 million but I’ll just check that and -- hold on one minute -- 29.7.
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, very good. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tony Gikas of Piper Jaffray. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : Good morning, guys and congratulations on some good execution in the quarter. A couple of questions -- you guys have been growing operating income really well in a tough environment and you’ve been spending significantly on investment in international markets. How significantly is that investment? Specifically I think you’ve been talking about Brazil, Russia, China. I just want to get a feel for the dollar amount, if possible, and where are those sales at today in some of those markets? What do you think the opportunity is? How quickly do these new markets ramp? Second question, you didn’t really talk about the movie Wolverine in 2009. Maybe just what are you hearing on the movie, how important is that to your entertainment business next year?
Brian Goldner: Good morning. We’ll let David take the first part; I’ll talk about the second. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think we said in the first and second quarters that our operating profit growth wasn’t fully consistent with our revenue growth because of expenditures, investment spending we were doing in digital, in entertainment, and in emerging markets. I think in the aggregate, if you sort of did some math you’d probably get a sense that it was about $20 million a quarter during those early quarters. Some of our investment spending against our Wizards of the Coast initiative is starting to tail off, so it’s not as significant during the latter part of the year. And also our revenues are higher, so it becomes less as a percentage wise. However for the full year, it will be a fairly significant amount of investment spending.  When you talk about the emerging markets, we certainly in places like Latin America, Mexico, under-perform against our major competitor and I think if you go back to the turn of the century, 2000, 2001, you know, we were losing money and we had a lot of debt and at that time, we scaled back some of our emerging market investments and we probably lost a little bit of ground by doing that.  Given that we are now making large share, 13.5% operating margin and [inaudible] large share of $602 million in operating cash flow, we are in a position now where clearly we can investment spend and probably catch up in some of these markets, which is clearly what we are doing and we believe that given the fact that we probably under-performed thus far that our opportunity in the emerging markets, particularly behind big global events such as the Transformers movie, the G.I. Joe movie or with Spider-man, that we’ve got an opportunity to play catch-up very quickly and we have a substantial growth opportunity in these markets. 
Brian Goldner: And on the second point on Wolverine, it’s for next May and it will be part of our boys portfolio. The teams are working on it now and it certainly will help lead into a tremendous summer because after that, of course, is Transformers and G.I. Joe, Star Wars will continue. So again, 2009 should be a very good year for our boys business. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : Could the revenues from the Wolverine brand be similar to G.I. Joe in size, perhaps?
Brian Goldner: It’s too early to say exactly where it will be. It was more of a late-breaking addition to the year as things started to form. We are just now starting to see some of the materials for the film and you know, we are putting together our product lines. We are very excited about G.I. Joe and we were out over the past several months in Europe. In Prague, we had a summer tour visiting G.I. Joe and bringing our European retailers in. They are very excited about G.I. Joe. We just had a program in Shanghai. We’ll be down in Brazil in the next couple of weeks with our retailers. Our retailers have been here, so not just U.S. retailers but global retailers are very excited about G.I. Joe because of the direction we’ve taken the brand, which is again more along the lines of the 80s comic book heroes and the raft of characters in G.I. Joe versus Cobra. And so it would be hard to compare our own to Wolverine at this point. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : Okay. Thank you, guys and good luck. 
Operator: Our next question is from Gerrick Johnson of BMO Capital Markets.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. I may have missed it but did you give a retail take-away number for the third quarter?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think I did say that our POS for toys was a little bit up for the third quarter and games, if you take out something like [inaudible] specifically last year, certainly on our board games we’re about flat to a little bit up. 
Brian Goldner: Right. Year-to-date our board games, our classic games are up for the year. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and can you comment on inventory? It looked like it was up about almost 17% year over year. How is that inventory? Is there any concern there or is that a build for something that you are launching later on in the fourth quarter? And how is the inventory in the channel looking?
David D. R. Hargreaves: In terms of our inventories, there’s a couple of reasons why it was up versus a year ago. Firstly, a year ago Transformers was in really hot and we were struggling to keep anything in inventory on Transformers, so we virtually had no Transformers inventory at this time last year.  The second thing which is impacting it a bit is the fact that there’s a major customer in Mexico who takes a lot of inventory into the Christmas for the annexes they do down there. Last year they took that inventory in the last couple of weeks of September. This year they have taken it in the first couple of weeks of October. But that said, our inventory, given the challenging retail environment in the fourth quarter if anything it’s probably a little bit higher than we’d like it to be but we are happy with the overall quality and to the extent that we’ve got any slower moving items in there, we’ve already established programs to move them out and we are pretty confident that we’ll have the right level of inventory by year-end. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and then in the channel?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think in the channels, I think basically their inventories are in good shape. You know, balanced as John Taylor asked the question -- we certainly hope we have enough there to satisfy the demand on what is some very strong brands. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Sean McGowan Needham.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Good morning. A couple of questions here as well -- one I just wanted to ask for a clarification. I think it was David or maybe Brian was saying that you are only now getting some images from the movie -- did you mean for Wolverine or for G.I. Joe?
Brian Goldner: For Wolverine. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. Does that mean that the product that you would be developing is not quite as tailored to the movie as it would be if you had images, a longer lead time?
Brian Goldner: I’m sorry, let me clarify. Thanks, Sean, thanks for pointing it out. So what I was talking about was we haven’t seen a lot of the movie yet so I can’t really comment on the strength of the film. What we’ve gotten, our designers for many months have had the images to work on for the product line. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, so no issue there?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so they’ve had the images to work on the product line, the product will be tailored to the film. The point is of course we are very involved with, intimately familiar with G.I. Joe and just less familiar with the film in total of Wolverine. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, thanks for clarifying that. So then the other two questions I have is number one, given the fact that when you launched Transformers, you hadn’t yet really ramped up a lot of these investments in Brazil, Russia, China, and Czech Republic. How much more do you feel like you could have done with Transformers 1, had you had in place the investments that you will now have for Transformers 2? And second, and I don’t want to hang you on Al Verrecchia’s comment but about this time last year, he said something about it really being a great time to be in New England, something about the Patriots and -- 
Brian Goldner: Well, we plan to execute the fourth quarter better than they executed last night, I guess, how about that?
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay, fair enough. 
Brian Goldner: In terms of Transformers, I think what we are very excited about, you know, clearly we don’t know exactly how much we left on the table because it was our first time with a major motion picture in Transformers. Certainly we left retail light. We had many opportunities to build more of an immersive experience around Transformers than we might have liked. You know, obviously the first time out, retailers were very excited but are much more excited as we go into the second film because now of course we have a template, we understand what we have. We are also seeing in many emerging markets, especially in China, Transformers really resonates. You know, you have generations of people who grew up with the animation and an opportunity to build Transformers into a much bigger brand, both in terms of the products we manufacture as well as our license business, as well as our videogame business and other immersive experiences for consumers.  So it is really a poster child for the kinds of reinvention and reimagination we intend to do across our core brands over time. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Any idea if that’s an eight-figure opportunity or a nine-figure opportunity? 
Brian Goldner: I wouldn’t try to speculate. I would just say that clearly as we talk to retail, as we build our plans, as we look at promotional partners, some who will return and some who are new, and we look at the markets where Transformers resonates, we are very excited about the opportunity and the one thing we have said or will reiterate is certainly we’d expect to grow that brand again in 2009. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Conder of Wachovia.
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Thank you. Let me also offer a congratulations on good execution. A couple of things, gentlemen, to circle back to the investment dollars that you spent -- would it be fair to say that maybe the pace of spending really has not come off that much year over year? David, if I heard you right, is that a fair interpretation? And then how would you characterize that going forward in ’09?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Okay. I mean, I think this year we’ve been investing in a number of different areas. We’ve been investing in emerging markets. As Brian said, we opened companies in Brazil and a number of places around the globe. Next year we probably won’t open as many offices but having opened one in Brazil this year, maybe we will do Argentina next year or Chile expansion next year. So we’ll continue to invest in emerging markets. We certainly, although we opened the office in China this year, we certainly are going to be starting up and putting more people on the ground. We are expecting Transformers to do very well in China, so we will continue to invest in the emerging markets.  In terms of the Wizards digital initiative, a lot of that in terms of Dungeons and Dragons [Insider] is behind us at this stage. In terms of investments we’ve been making in entertainment area, this year we brought on Lisa [Lecht] and [Bennett Schnaya]. We have a small office out on the Universal lot. We started a company registered with the Screen Actors Guild to write scripts to present to Universal and they also come up with ideas for movies under the Universal deal, so we are still hoping we will get the first movie under that deal in 2010 and we are working towards that. So I think investment in entertainment and the Universal deal will continue.  So overall, year over year ’09 versus ’08, investment spending might be down a bit but we are certainly not going to stop investing for our future in entertainment and emerging markets. 
Brian Goldner: And we do expect that we will grow revenues in 2009, so we are going to invest behind our business to continue to grow our core business, with our commitment to continue to execute around the world. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Another area we invested this year is we are only just starting to get revenues coming in from Electronic Arts, where major product launches were all targeted for the consolers during the fourth quarter. However, since we signed the deal with them, we’ve ramped up quite a bit of an internal team that work with them and who have been sort of preparing for these product launches. So the good news is that next year we will get revenues to offset the expense that we’ve had in terms of our digital entertainment team. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: And collectively, gentlemen, would you anticipate the total absolute revenue, or excuse me, the expenses you said, David, would probably be down a little bit year over year. Would you anticipate the revenues related to all that spending being somewhat self-funding those expenditures?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think in terms of the Wizards of the Coast digital initiative, we should have revenue coming on tap. I think we are going out with a subscription based site there and with regard to Electronic Arts, we’ll certainly have revenues against that spending.  With regard to new entertainment, particularly the Universal deal, no, we are not going to see revenues from that during ’09, hopefully 2010, certainly by ’11. In terms of the emerging markets, clearly we will be getting a good return in Brazil and some of the markets we’ve invested in this year will have revenues but if we are doing a start-up in Argentina or in other markets, then obviously the revenues will lag a little bit. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And another clarification regarding your ad spending -- on a full year basis as a percent of revenues, would you anticipate that being flattish to up somewhat, given the comments you made earlier?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yeah, it’s not going to be down because we are going to keep driving during the fourth quarter here. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay, and then lastly, any comment at this point, Brian, as to the timing maybe of a Spidey 4 release?
Brian Goldner: No, I won’t comment before the studio but suffice it to say -- hang on. I’ll get back to you on that one but I’ll let the studio sort of talk about that and as they solidify their plans but you know, clearly Spidey 4 is something that we would plan for. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our last question today is from John Taylor of Arcadia. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: I wonder -- I want to go up to 30,000 feet, if we can, and talk about the global economic situation and implications for next year. So if you go back six months as you were starting to think about ’09 and ’10 plans in terms of product planning and price points and all that stuff, you know, you walked in with one set of assumptions so now we’ve got this amazing uncertainty, et cetera. So what things are on the table now maybe that weren’t there before in terms of planning, what things have been taken off maybe in terms of new brand building or the impetus to expand your office base internationally? I just wonder kind of in a general sense how you are thinking -- you know, price -- okay, so last year or this year retailers didn’t push back on price increases -- I mean, they pushed back nominally but they all had them so they couldn’t deal with them. Next year maybe the environment is different so I wonder if you can just kind of talk us through how the conversation has changed as you are approaching ’09 and maybe ‘010. 
Brian Goldner: Well you know, there’s a number of points to that, J.T. The first thing we’ve done obviously at this kind of time, you know, you spend a lot of time in conversations internally and with your board. You know, we have reiterated our position on liquidity and that we have a strong balance sheet and have generated great cash and that’s something that we want to continue to have as part of our capital structure.  You know, we continue to expect that revenues for 2009 and EPS will grow but we’ve also tempered those expectations with the current consumer environment. We have great plans in place across our boys business -- as you know, two motion pictures; in our girls business, a number of brands and reinventions and our games business similarly. So again, as we work around the world, I think what we’ve tried to do is say we are going to stay focused on our core strategy, we are going to continue to execute that core strategy and reinventing and reimagining those brands but we are going to have to temper our overall expectations as far as the consumer goes. We still want to put ourselves in a position where consumers spend more as a percentage on our brands and believe we can do that through great innovation. So it’s not to say we’ve abandoned some aspect of our plan. We want to build in our emerging market business. We have built some offices and we are starting to see those get some traction. We may open a few others but again we are going to look at the environment to ensure that they can be successful and we are going to build on our entertainment business with the goal of getting a motion picture as part of our deal with Universal. We are going to build the digital gaming business with EA and EA is going to have more launches in 2009 than they had in 2008 and of course our revenues will go up as a result. And we are building and rebuilding our licensing business because as we offer more immersive brand experiences to consumers for our brands and we’ve reorganized the company around some core brand activities, we think we can then grow our licensing and publishing business in a way we hadn’t in the past.  So again, it’s that core strategy, a lot more focus being brought to bear on that, ensuring that we have the tools in our toolbox to activate those brands around the world, and that we do have the offices open but overall tempering our expectations against a consumer who is clearly struggling at this moment. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: So it sounds like it’s kind of full steam ahead from an investment standpoint, continuing on these initiatives you’ve put in place for a while but maybe tempering top line, tempering margin -- is that fair?
Brian Goldner: No, I think that -- yeah, well there’s some element of that but we will also a little temper some of our spending. I think David had indicated we will probably have a little bit less investment in 2009 than 2008. We will also probably have more revenues, given the EA ramp-up against some of those places we’ve invested in 2009 versus 2008. So you will see more non-toy, non-game revenues increasing in other categories.  Our license revenue should increase in 2009 based on Transformers and G.I. Joe, more significantly, more like where it was in ’07. So again, we are going to just look very carefully. We are just -- again, we don’t want to say -- in fact, we will say that we expect to grow revenues and EPS in 2009 but we need to be very carefully focused on the market and look at consumers and understand the consumer insights both in terms of what we do in our products and marketing but also the consumer insights around shopping and shopping patterns and the size of baskets and working with our retailers and planning and forecasting that. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: But if you anticipate what some of those results are going to be, it’s going to be a focus more on value, lower price points, that sort of thing. Are you anticipating maybe a shift in that direction that maybe you wouldn’t have six months ago?
Brian Goldner: Well, I think one of the things we should also note is Coda and Biscuit -- are you familiar, you know, the triceratops and our Furreal dog, are really great examples today of innovation and value for the money at any price point and we are seeing even today strong early results.  You know, having said this, it’s important to note we are not trying to sell as many Codas or Biscuits or higher priced items as we sell in action figures in the holiday, so I think that finding that right balance in our portfolio and continuing to do great innovative items but recognizing we’ve already said the bulk of our line, the majority of our product line does sell for $20 or under at retail. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Thank you. 
Operator: Thomas Russo of Gardner Russo Gardner, please go ahead. 
Thomas Russo - Gardner Russo Gardner: My questions were on the investment spend in emerging markets; I’m impressed that you continue to do even as the world seems to slow down, but the other question was -- that’s just an observation. The other question was as you continue to grow your advertising spending in total, how has the mix changed within that total? Has there been any particularly effective new areas where you are directing portions of the ad spend that may not have been as effective previously?
Brian Goldner: We are focused in our advertising in really looking at how consumers experience our brands. So the long answer to your question is for each audience, for Littlest Pet Shop is very different than Transformers is very different than Playskool. Each one of those audiences and the folks that enjoy those brands experience those brands and competitive brands in very different ways. You know, Littlest Pet Shop, the height of entertainment for a little girl is a Nintendo DS game and we are launching those presently with EA and that would represent the kind of products we are putting out and therefore the marketing would be more focused around where those young girls would find messaging for those kinds of products and for our VIP, the virtual interactive pets that are online. So again, we have to be sensitive to where the consumer is, where Playskool, about moms and about grandparents and focused on where they take in and understand information about buying great products, innovative products to help children achieve the developmental milestones that they are out to help them achieve.  So I think the mix continues to get -- let’s call it more sophisticated and more varied as we go forward. The opportunity to talk to consumers anywhere they are and everywhere they are is out there for us and it’s very consistent with the kinds of experiences we are trying to provide for our brands. 
Thomas Russo - Gardner Russo Gardner: Thank you. 
Operator: There are no other questions at this time. I will turn the conference back over to our speakers for any closing comments. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you, Lacey. I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today. A replay of our call will be available on our website after 2:00 p.m. at Hasbro.com. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s Hasbro Inc. conference call. Thank you for joining us and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen A. Warren - Investor Relations Brian Goldner - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer Deborah Thomas Slater - Senior Vice President, Controller
Analysts: Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray  Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets John G. Taylor - Arcadia
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to Hasbro's second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) With us today from the company is Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Karen Warren. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you, Shirley and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Brian Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; and Deb Thomas Slater, Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Finance. To better understand our second quarter results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at Hasbro.com. We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share.  During the call this morning, Brian will discuss key factors impacting our results and David will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for achieving our objective.  There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian. 
Brian Goldner: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Before David takes you through a detailed review of the financials, let me take a moment to comment on our results. Our company continues to perform well and we are very pleased with our results in the second quarter and year-to-date. Hasbro delivered double-digit revenue growth with revenues up 13% to $784.3 million for the quarter, compared to $691.4 million last year. Absent the favorable impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 10%.  Operating profit was $65.5 million, or 8.4% of revenue, which is consistent with the comparable period last year as a percentage of revenue.  Net earnings for the quarter were $37.5 million compared to $4.8 million in 2007, with earnings per share of $0.25 compared to $0.03 per share in 2007. Excluding the final Lucas mark-to-market expense last year, 2007 earnings for the quarter would have been $41.3 million, or $0.24 per diluted share.  As part of our longer term strategy to grow Hasbro, we continue to make investments in many areas of the business, including emerging markets, entertainment, and digital gaming. With the current strength of our product line, we’re able to make investments that will provide value to our shareholders over the long-term while continue to deliver strong earnings.  Now let’s review the global quarterly performance of our major product categories. The boys business was up 13%, with Star Wars, Marvel, and Indiana Jones driving the growth. Transformers continued to represent a significant part of our boys business. As expected, revenues declined in the quarter; however, year-to-date Transformers was up 31% in the boys category. The Transformers animated series launched on Cartoon Network in January and is performing very well.  Iron Man and Hulk, both part of our Marvel line, did well in the quarter. Iron Man was particularly strong at the box office and our toys performed extremely well at retail. In a number of instances, we were in short supply during the quarter. We recently began shipping new Iron Man product and we will be well-stocked for the DVD release this fall. We expect Iron Man to exceed our original expectations for the year.  Star Wars continues to do very well. It was up 82% for the quarter in the boys category. With the upcoming theatrical release of The Clone Wars animation, along with the television debut in the fall, we expect Star Wars to have another very good year and to grow compared to last year.  As we have been saying, we believe that our six major boys initiatives in 2008 could quite possibly equal the three major boys initiatives in 2007. Based on where we are today, we are on track to deliver on this objective.  Another strong business for Hasbro continues to be our girls category, with revenues up 24% in the quarter, driven by the success of Littlest Pet Shop, Furreal Friends, and My Little Pony.  Our tweens category was up 5% in the quarter, driven by Nerf, which was up 29%.  The preschool category was up 11%, with Playskool up 24%. Contributing to the growth was the continued success of In the Night Garden.  Our games and puzzle business was up 12% for the quarter, with our top performer, Monopoly, up 26%, primarily due to the continued strength of Monopoly Electronic Banking. We are looking forward to launching the first ever global Monopoly, Here and Now: The World Edition, in August.  In addition to Monopoly, a number of our games performed well in the quarter, including Trivial Pursuit, Twister, Operation, and The Game of Life. Our Wizards of the Coast trading card game, Duel Masters, is doing very well in Japan.  Hasbro's family game night will be returning this fall with a promotional program for a number of our board games targeted to today’s families. Family game night will also gain a foothold in the digital arena this fall, when Electronic Arts launches its family game night offering, featuring reimagined versions of some of Hasbro's classics, like Connect Four, Battleship, Yahtzee, Boggle, and Sorry. This new title from EA showcases the power and versatility of our games brands and the family game night platform.  In addition, we are working with EA on a number of integrated promotional programs for the fall that will support the launch of both our toys and their digital games, including efforts for three of Hasbro's most popular brands, Littlest Pet Shop, Nerf, and Monopoly.  As we’ve said, we believe there are significant growth opportunities in emerging markets. As a result, we’ve been increasing our investments in a number of new markets this year. At our new office in Brazil, we added sales and marketing support as we transition away from a distributor model. We are also in the process of opening offices in Russia, China and the Czech Republic.  Our brands have proven worldwide appeal and as we increase our presence around the globe, we expect to grow our emerging market business significantly over the next few years.  For 2008, I don’t want to forecast what’s going to happen with the economy. Clearly the current economic situation, both in the U.S. and around the globe, make it a much more challenging environment than we would like. Having said that, as we shared with you in February, Hasbro has performed well in the most recent economic downturns. While we cannot guarantee what will happen in the future, we believe we are well-positioned to have a strong 2008.  In closing, we’ve had a great year thus far, our business is strong, and we remain committed to investing in the future to ensure we deliver value to our shareholders for the long-term.  Now let me turn the call over to David to talk more about our second quarter results. David. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Thanks, Brian and good morning, everyone. I too am very pleased with the results we reported today. For the quarter, we delivered worldwide net revenues of $784.3 million, compared to $691.4 million last year, an increase of 13% or $92.9 million. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 10% or $67.9 million. I am particularly pleased with our revenue growth, recognizing that we had an extremely strong second quarter in 2007 when revenue was up 31%.  Operating profit for the quarter was $65.5 million, or 8.4% of revenue, compared to $55.8 million, or 8.1% of revenue last year. During the quarter, we continued to invest in our digital strategy, including the Wizards of the Coast initiative and building our business with Electronics Arts. And as Brian mentioned, we are also building infrastructure in emerging market locations.  We are committed to investing in the future growth of our business and our operating profit during the quarter reflects this investment. Some of these investments will continue throughout the year. However, they have always been contemplated in our statement that we should be able to grow earnings per share in 2008.  Another area I would like to comment on is the impact of input cost inflation on our business. When we came into the year, we didn’t envision oil costing $130 a barrel. Clearly this is impacting resin costs, ocean freight charges, and the cost of transportation to our customers. However, through a combination of cost-saving initiatives and pricing actions, thus far we have been able to mitigate most of these increases and they are not having a material impact on our results.  Moving on to our segment results, beginning with the U.S. and Canada segment, net revenues were $467.7 million, compared to $421.9 million last year, an increase of $45.8 million, or 11%. U.S. and Canada operating profit for the quarter was $43.7 million, or 9.3% of revenue, compared to $35.5 million or 8.4% of revenue last year. The 2007 results include a $10.4 million charge related to the Easy Bake Oven recall.  As I mentioned, there have been some expenses this year associated with the investments we are making to grow our business. Net revenues in the international segment were $293.7 million, compared to $255.2 million a year ago. The segment was up 15% in U.S. dollars and 6% excluding the impact of foreign exchange.  The international segment reported operating profit of $14 million compared to $15.3 million last year. The decrease in operating profit is primarily due to the investments we are making in the emerging markets.  Now let’s take a look at earnings -- for the second quarter, we reported net earnings of $37.5 million, or $0.25 per share. This compares to $4.8 million, or $0.03 per share in 2007. The 2007 results included a $36.5 million charge related to the repurchase of the Lucas warrants.  During the quarter, average diluted shares outstanding were $155.1 million, compared to $164.6 million last year. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization were $109.3 million, compared to $68 million a year ago. Gross margin for the quarter was 60.7%, compared to 60.5% a year ago.  As a I mentioned, thus far we have been able to mitigate most of the impact of input cost inflation through cost-saving initiatives and pricing actions.  Now let’s take a look at expenses. Royalty expense for the quarter was $68.2 million, or 8.7% of revenue compared to $62.5 million, or 9% a year ago. As we have discussed, entertainment based product lines continued to play a major role in our growth.  Research and product development expense, while increasing $6.6 million to $45.4 million, was relatively flat on a percentage basis. The increase in dollars spent reflects our continued investment in new product development.  Advertising expense at 11% of revenue was consistent with last year as a percent of revenue. However, it did increase to $86.2 million compared to $79 million last year, primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange.  SD&A expenses at $190.1 million, or 24.2% of revenue, increased $25.5 million compared to last year. The increase in dollars is due to a number of factors. Firstly, much of the investment spending we’ve already talked about is classified as SD&A. Secondly, there’s the impact of foreign exchange, and lastly there are higher shipping and distribution costs associated with increased shipments and generally higher transportation costs.  Interest expense increased by $6.3 million to $13 million, primarily due to the $350 million of long-term debt we issued in the third quarter of last year. Other income net totaled $2.7 million compared to an expense of $27.2 million a year ago. The 2007 results included a $36.5 million unfavorable mark-to-market adjustment to the Lucas warrants. There is no adjustment in 2008, since we repurchased the warrants in the second quarter of last year.  Our underlying 2008 tax rate was 31.3%, compared to our 2007 full-year underlying tax rate of 30.5%.  Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash totaled $594.6 million, compared to $525.6 million a year ago. We have generated significant cash from operations during the last 12 months and we raised $346 million in cash through a debt offering last September.  We have used this cash productively over the course of the last year in a number of ways, including the purchase of Cranium and the acquisition of the rights to Trivial Pursuit, as well as our share buy-back program and paying dividends to our shareholders.  Although it didn’t impact our second quarter, I want to mention that on July 15th, we paid off $135 million of notes that became due. Our receivables of $562.5 million were up $144.8 million compared to $417.7 million last year. The increase is primarily due to higher sales volume, a significant reduction of the use of our securitization facility, and the impact of foreign exchange.  Absent the impact of securitization, DSOs were 74 days compared to 72 days last year.  Inventories increased to $375 million compared to $352.5 million a year ago, primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange and to support the growth in our business.  In summary, we are very pleased with the results we reported today. We were able to significantly grow revenues against an extremely strong second quarter in 2007. We increased earnings and profitability in a difficult economic environment while also making key investments for future growth. Finally, we continue to return cash to our shareholders with our quarterly dividend and open market repurchases of our common stock.  I believe we remain on track to achieve our full year goals and with that, Brian, Deb, and I would be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Tony Gikas. You may ask your question and please state your company name.  
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : Good morning, guys, and great job on the quarter. A few questions; could you talk a little bit about the pricing improvement that you expect to experience in the second half of this year relative to the second half of last year? Do you see -- a second question -- consumer spending challenges in your international markets as significant as the consumer spending challenges you are seeing here in the U.S.? Third question, maybe just a little bit on Transformers, the next property coming. Could you give us a little idea of the growth that you might expect to see with your product line as that movie rolls out? And the fourth question, could you just give us a little update on your ad spending, how that’s trending on your Marvel intellectual property related products? Has it been trending above or below your expectations? And if you could give us a percent of sales, that would be great. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: I’m going to take the first one in terms of pricing. As you know, we talked about this at our February analyst meeting, we were expecting significant increase, cost increases out of the China in particularly and we said at that time that firstly we were going to try and offset with cost-saving initiatives and product improvement initiatives, process improvement initiatives. But to the extent that we couldn’t do that, we would take some selective pricing and we did that certainly on new items when we came into the year. We priced them to be consistent with the latest commodity costs and we had some increases on carryover products.  Since that time, oil has continued to go up, as north of $130 a barrel, and what we anticipated in February of a 14% to 15% increase out of the orient has ended up being closer to the 17% to 18% range and in addition, obviously the costs of transportation out to the customers has gone up. So we are actually going in and we are taking a second round of pricing, which we really hadn’t envisaged in February, and basically that will be effective September the 1st. We already announced it to our customers. They obviously don’t like it but they recognize that their own costs are going up, their own label product and they’ve accepted it. So there will be sort of a mid-single-digit price increase effective September the 1st, in order to help us maintain our margins in light of rising costs. 
Brian Goldner: In terms of consumer spending ,we haven’t seen anything that’s significantly different between some of the major mature markets. Clearly growing faster in our emerging markets throughout Asia, as well as in Eastern Europe and Latin America.  Transformers, I’ll talk a little bit about next year; the movie is in production right now. It’s scheduled for late June next year. We also have G.I. Joe as a motion picture for early August next year, and our plans are underway. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: And in terms of ad spending, I mean, on the entertainment product, historically ad spending against entertainment is a bit lower than the average because obviously it’s the movie that’s driving the business. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : So has the ad spend on those Marvel properties been above or below your expectation, or right where you were expecting? Is it a single-digit number as well? 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, we’re not going to give you a lot of detail but basically, it’s at expectations. We’ve been spending advertising monies against these product lines but as I’ve said, when there’s the whole awareness of the product line, which is driven by the movie, we don’t spend as much as we do against non-movie driven properties. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : Okay. And then could product sales on Transformers next year, guys, I mean, could that be up 20% over the ’07 levels?
Brian Goldner: Clearly we are very focused on making a great product line, including licensed products and videogame products, and we are very excited about the movie that’s in production. Clearly a great story and great characters that we are telling but again, we’ll wait and see. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : Okay, and then last question and than I’ll let the next caller get on; G.I. Joe, maybe just an update on the movie and timing. And is that primarily going to be a domestic opportunity or how do you view that?
Brian Goldner: No, G.I. Joe is really a global opportunity. If you go back to the ‘80s, this movie is based on the 1980s comics, the Marvel comics series. The movie will launch globally. The movie’s title is G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra. It’s an origin story about the G.I. Joes up against the Cobra forces. It’s very much of a comic-book movie, I think as a genre would go, and a great action-adventure movie with Steve Sommers for the Mummy movies, as director. So again, lots of excitement and certainly a full product line, including videogame. 
Tony Gikas - Piper Jaffray : Okay. Good luck. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, guys. Just on cost of goods sold, if you adjust for the Easy Bake recall last year, we’re calculating that gross margins were about 62%, so if you just look on an adjusted basis year over year, there was a decline. I know costs are higher. David, you did say you mitigated those, so I was wondering if there was also mix in the quarter that drove the margins down year over year. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think there’s a little bit of mix but I think if you go back and you look at our gross margins for the second quarter over the last five years, in terms of reported basis, this is the highest since 2002, so we’re not worried at all about our gross margins. Our gross margins are exactly where they kind of need to be. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just with Star Wars, I’m wondering about the strength in the quarter. With the August release, did you just ship a little bit earlier than you normally would or is it just also just regular underlying strength of Star Wars?
Brian Goldner: Felicia, it’s both. It’s been -- the business has remained strong in the year, as well some initial shipments. But again, the underlying business based on the innovation and the efforts from Lucas and our team here at Hasbro, it’s been great. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. And then in the preamble, you didn’t really touch on the performance of Hulk. I was wondering if you could just fill us in there. 
Brian Goldner: Hulk is about where we wanted it to be for our plan. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Brian, you’re answering these questions so shortly. Do you want to give us a little more?
Brian Goldner: Sure. So again, what we like about where Hulk has ended, it’s done well at the box office. It clearly has reset that franchise for the future. Certainly the movie performed well in terms of being an appealing movie for people. Our products have been in line with what our expectations have been around the world. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just finally, can you just give us the specific DVD release dates for Hulk, Iron Man, and Indiana Jones?
Brian Goldner: I don’t know that everything has been released just yet, but what we can tell you is that Iron Man is at the end of September and that Hulk is toward the end of October. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, October. And then just finally, David, on the receivables, I’m assuming that going forward we should see a reduction in securitization still. We might see tougher -- you know, not apples-to-apples comps in receivables going forward?
David D. R. Hargreaves: You are probably going to see receivables higher because we will utilize our securitization facility less go-forward. We clearly have cash on hand and a bank revolver facility, so we really don’t need to dig into the securitizations much. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. All right, thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Badishkanian. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Just a few quick questions here; you mentioned I think Iron Man, a little bit low in inventory; how about overall? What were your inventory levels at the retail level finishing out the quarter versus last year?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think our retail inventories are at, certainly in the U.S., are probably a little bit higher than they were this time last year. I think this time last year, we were very much chasing Transformers and we were sort of short supply on [some of those]. And I think we’ve shipped in product to support the Star Wars: Clone Wars, which is really starting to ship now, so during the second quarter there were a little bit of shipments of both adding to that.  But certainly whilst they may be a little bit higher at retail, it’s not something that we are at all concerned about as we sit down and look out the year with our major retailers and look at what their forecasts are for the year. We are very comfortable with the level of retail inventories we have out there. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Good. And as you look out internationally, are there a few markets that did particularly well or below kind of the average that brought it down?
Brian Goldner: Well, as we look out over the markets, we’re seeing great success in some of the emerging markets, certainly through Asia, we’re seeing our business continue to grow. In our emerging markets, we’re just up and running in Brazil so we’re doing our first shipments, transitioning away from the distributor model. In Eastern Europe, Poland, Czech Republic, Russia, quite good -- and then as we saw, the numbers in U.S. and Canada were quite good as well, clearly double-digit growth there.  So again, around the world, some good numbers. Some markets slightly ahead of others but nothing out of the ordinary. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean McGowan. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company:  A couple of quick questions, some for David, some for Brian; David, tax rate expectation for the full year?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I’m actually going to let Deb answer that one. 
Deborah Thomas Slater: The tax rate for the quarter was 31.3%. As David said, that kind of compares to a rate absent the impact of Lucas last year of 30.5%. I think for the full year, we would expect to be around that 31.3% as we plan to incur some tax expense on repatriating some of our international earnings. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company:  Okay, thank you. Looking at the balance sheet, I think in know the answer but you had some short-term debt and you had your cash positives. Is that just locating debt in different parts of the world?
Deborah Thomas Slater: That’s exactly right. Most of our cash is outside of the U.S. right now. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company:  Okay. Two others -- I don’t know if this David or Deb; what drove that decision to decrease the securitization? I mean, you had a lot of cash last year as well. Was that more of a cost issue or availability or credit markets?
David D. R. Hargreaves: No, I think we’ve always had more cash overseas, so I think last year in order to fund receivables without repatriating a lot, we actually dipped into securitization. Obviously last year I think our operating cash flow was about $602 million, so we are -- we do have more cash but at our working capital peak, we have a choice between dipping into our revolver, bank revolver, or dipping into the securitization and we will do whichever is the lowest cost at the time. And right at the moment, [that being bank revolvers, we’ll probably consider] securitization. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company:  Okay, that makes sense. And the final question; Brian, is there anything going on in Hollywood that would make you concerned about the opening of Joe? I mean, is there any -- have there been any delays in that production?
Brian Goldner: We were out in L.A. over the last couple of days. We got to see a lot of G.I. Joe footage. They’re in editorial now so we’re done with the principal photography, so now it’s special effects and editorial, so there we’re not concerned at all and of course, well on its way. Transformers is in the midst of production. Again, out seeing production earlier and again, no concerns. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company:  Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Conder. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Thank you. Congratulations again on the good execution. A couple of items here, everyone, and a I apologize if some of this is repetitive, Brian, I had some troubles getting on. I just got in at the end of your comments but the royalty, I don’t know if this is better for you, Brian, or David, but the royalty expense is a little bit more than we anticipated. Was that driven by the early ship of the Star Wars product or was there something else going on there?
Brian Goldner: David, do you want to take that?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think a lot of our growth was being driven by entertainment, so whereas last year we had a high royalty because it was really Transformers and Spider-man, this year some of our core products [inaudible] been growing but there has been a lot of Star Wars, there continues to be a lot of Transformers movie-related product which does have a small royalty to studio, and of course there’s been all the Marvel product in terms of Iron Man and Hulk. And also, of course, Indiana Jones, so all of those items have royalties that go with them. So I think the thought that royalties would be a lot lower in percentage terms than last year is probably unfounded. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay, and relating to Star Wars, as you see it at this point, granted it’s still a little early here, would it be inconceivable that the revenue from Star Wars this year may match what you saw in 2006 or even ’05?
Brian Goldner: Tim, I won’t comment specifically on the revenue comparisons by year; what we will say is that our retailers around the world have good plans, very strong plans for Star Wars. The animation is terrific, the theatrical launch followed by the TV play will be very good for the business, both from an impact standpoint and [event tie-ins] and then driving through the holidays and the innovation from our teams across the product line have been great. And of course, we have said that we saw Star Wars growing this year as compared to last year. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then two more, if I may; Electronic Arts, again, Brian, I apologize if you made any commentary related to that but if you could give us any update on how that’s progressing -- ahead of plan, on plan, behind plan. And then David, in your comments regarding the September coming price increase, do you anticipate seeing any forward buying by retailers ahead of that?
Brian Goldner: On EA, I will tell you that the relationship is really terrific, that EA development is well underway. We’ll probably have around 30 different titles, recognizing that we are activating these titles on a number of platforms, from iPod to iPhone, online, console, Wii, Nintendo DS, so again across all the major different platforms and of course, associated with each of the different brands. They are also launching a family game night compendium, which will tie to our team’s family game night efforts for the fall. So the development is underway. In terms of revenue recognition and when we’ll see that revenue, as we’ve said, we’ll really see more of that in 2009 and ’10 and beyond. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay, and again, Brian, there you anticipate some slight accretiveness in 2009?
Brian Goldner: In 2009, yes, we believe that you’ll start to really see some of the revenues from the relationship. It’s certainly up and as well as we expected and the teams are working quite well together in making really great reimagined versions of Hasbro brands. These aren’t just our board games or toys done in two dimension but really brought to life and I would encourage you to go to whether it’s iTunes or somewhere else and see some of the products online. They’re great. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: In terms of the price increase, effectively September the 1st, so arguably people could pull forward a bit of September into August but that certainly wouldn’t impact the quarter. It’s not happening at the end of September or quarter end, so I don’t think it’s going to impact the quarter even if there is a slight bit of pull forward. And I think we’re talking about mid-single-digits and I think retail is very focused on inventory controls and I doubt if they are going to be persuaded to pull a lot forward in order to avoid that. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay, great. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: And as I said, it won’t impact the -- even if there was a bit from one month to the next, it wouldn’t impact the quarter. 
Brian Goldner: And Tim, just to follow-up on what I said, if you want to see some of the online games, go to pogo.com and you will see the EA site there and our games are up and prominent on that site. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Drew Crum. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, everyone. I want to revisit the question on the film properties, Brian. I just want to make sure -- it sounds like you are comfortable with production on Transformers and G.I. Joe. At what point does the Screen Actors Guild disruption impact the release date for that film? Secondly, along those lines, the Paramount financing with Deutsche Bank fell through last week and I’m just curious as to how that impacts G.I. Joe. As you look to the Universal film slate, any issues with funding there?
Brian Goldner: On Transformers, we’re well underway in production. We have our product lines and videogames and licensed products under development. Michael Bay and the team from Dreamworks and Paramount have done a great job in organizing the production. Thus far we haven’t seen anything related to Screen Actors Guild that would represent a change in their working on the film. G.I. Joe, as I said, was already shot so now it’s a matter of editorial and special effects and things.  Give me the second -- on the financing piece. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, the financing for the Universal slate. 
Brian Goldner: We don’t see any issues related to financing as it goes to Transformers or G.I. Joe or the Universal slate. There are no concerns that we have out there. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, very good. And then, guys, can you provide an update on the integration of Cranium -- was it dilutive or accretive in the quarter? And just your outlook for the balance of the year with that property?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think obviously there’s some amortization cost and there’s some costs of the people we have on board that we brought over from Cranium when we acquired it, so we’ve got some costs in the quarter. And really, we’re integrating the line, we’re cleaning up retail, and our significant shipments really don’t start until the third or fourth quarter, so I think you’d have to say that during the second quarter on a standalone basis, it was probably dilutive. For the full year, we are certainly anticipating it should be accretive. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then last question is a housekeeping item -- CapEx in the quarter?
David D. R. Hargreaves: It was about $30 million, which has been higher than historic second quarters. That’s really down to three things; firstly, we’re upgrading our SAP system, so we’ve got some significant development costs already starting with that. We’ve had SAP for 10 years. We’re just moving to a newer version and doing some upgrades.  Secondly, you may recall that during January, we announced that we’d worked with our unions at our East Long Meadow factory and we’ve got agreement to drive in new work practices and take some staffing reductions in order to make that plant more efficient. Part of a quid pro quo for that was that the company would invest in some additional capital equipment, so you are seeing some of that come through. 
Drew Crum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Leibowitz. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Very briefly, we’re very upbeat on much of the line. Somewhere in there, there have to be some disappointments. Can you identify them for us? I mean, it’s not like [Lobogon], where everybody is above average. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: No, I mean -- it’s a struggle, David. If you look at every category that we’re in, boys, girls, tweens, games and puzzles, when you look at our Q, you are going to find that we are up in every category. 
Brian Goldner: David, I guess the one comment I would make would be in our tweens, we noted that the business was up 5% in that category and yet Nerf was up significantly higher. I would say that year over year, iDog is down and that’s what’s driven that difference. So there’s a product that’s not performing as it did in the second quarter last year. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay. Second of all, there are an awful lot of products and brands that you folks own that have not seen the light of day for some time. Can you tell us which ones might be coming back, either this year or next year that have not yet been spoken about?
Brian Goldner: David, no, we wouldn’t comment on that right now. Suffice it to say that the teams are busily working on ’09 and 2010 and we’ve got a great group of marketers and product developers and designers and their plans are well underway. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay, and the last question, if I may; what percentage of the pretax earnings came from licensing income?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think we’ve had that question several times in the past and I think we’ve always said that we don’t disclose it. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Well, I’ll keep trying. Thank you very much. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: And we’ll keep giving you the same answer. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gerrick Johnson. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. I want to ask you a little bit about your theatrical based entertainment licenses. What percent of sales do those currently make up and how does that compare historically? And I have a few follow-ups. Thanks. 
Brian Goldner: Gerrick, as we said, on our boys business, which is primarily the theatrical licenses, we said that six initiatives this year could quite possibly equal the three from last year. We’re on track to achieve that objective. In terms of what percent our licensed theatrical properties make of the total, we don’t report that. And clearly within that, of course, we have a good core brand performance from brands like G.I. Joe in the quarter and Transformers, along with Star Wars, Indiana Jones, and the Marvel properties. So again, we won’t report specifics. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Would you say that it’s probably higher than it’s been in the past as a percent of sales?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think one of the things that you can look at, there’s very little in our boys business which isn’t driven by theatrical, so again we will publish in our Q and we do disclose what our boys number is. And equally, there’s not a lot in our girls or in our preschool or in our games which driven, so without given you specific details, hopefully that helps. Just look to see how our boys category is doing overall where most of that is theatrically driven. 
Brian Goldner: And as we said, boys was up 12.9% in the quarter. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great, thanks. Now the adult collector, that’s a market you’ve been paying more attention to than some of your competitors. How much a part of your boys business is that and how is the health of that market?
Brian Goldner: You know, we continue to develop product really for many different audiences simultaneously for product lines, like in brands like Star Wars, G.I. Joe, Transformers. We have the great benefit of having sort of bimodal fans. We’ve brought new fans into Transformers over time, similarly with Star Wars, so we invest in R&D and in both categories for many different audiences. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Any idea of the health of the adult collector?
Brian Goldner: Well, we’ll be out at ComicCon later this week and certainly a significant presence there and we’ll continue to service our collectors. We really believe strongly in providing them great products and working with them to deliver the kinds of experiences they would want from our brands, and it goes to our goal overall of delivering immersive brand experiences for all audiences in the way that they would want it. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, just shifting over to girls for a second, Littlest Pet Shop, you haven’t spoken much of. How is that performing, particularly versus your plan or your expectations? Did you see growth in that one in the quarter and how are you looking at that for the rest of the year?
Brian Goldner: Littlest Pet Shop did contribute to growth in the second quarter and it’s across a number of different categories. It was up double-digits in the quarter by itself and it’s a combination of the traditional products, the collector characters, as well as playsets. VIPs, we’ve had almost 2 million registered adoptions of VIPs online globally. Our VIP website has been done in 12 different languages across 20 countries already just since early this year, so again, well on track. This fall we’re very excited because EA will come out with three Nintendo DS titles as well as a Wii title for Littlest Pet Shop, and that will all be integrated with our marketing efforts through the holidays. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Taylor. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Good morning. Brian, could you talk a little bit about the Star Wars merchandising strategy in the sense of is there going to be a street date and what kind of splash are we going to see when the movie comes out and anything you might call out about the fall in terms of retailer promotional stuff?
Brian Goldner: It’s late July, July 26th is the date, you’ll start to see products more formally out there, but again sort of shipping it at this point. You know, there are significant product line and promotion associated from Hasbro and from Lucas, as well as from their film and television partners. And retailers are very excited about it and they are excited globally. We’ve been out in markets in Asia and -- I mean, in Europe and they are very excited so the launch on shelf again is July 26th. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, and is that a global street date?
Brian Goldner: Yes, it should be a global street date. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, good. And then David, on the mix of licensed products, some things obviously did better than others. Is there any -- you guys are going to have to do or you have the opportunity to do any stock balancing to switch a stronger property out with another one -- any of that likely to go on this fall?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, I think we’re confident that everything we shipped in to support the movies will have sell out over the summer, some of it faster than others, maybe. When we come back in the fourth quarter to support the DVD releases, we’ll have obviously remixed to reflect the relative strength of the movies [in the stream]. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, good. And then in terms of margin, so you’ve been able to protect gross margin pretty well. Is there -- could you call out any differences in margin increases or price increases by segment? I guess what I’m looking for is did pretty much all major segments rise or were there some that were sort of -- where the increases kind of subsidize lesser increases in other segments?
David D. R. Hargreaves: No, I mean, we’ve taken -- not in every product but basically across most of our lines, take -- which we make domestically as well as on toys which come from the orient, so to some extent, we’ve tried to take pricing where we don’t disrupt the market or break price points, and so we’ve taken it across the whole range, where we think we can not create any reduction in demand as a result of it. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: I can imagine that’s a pretty complicated thing. I guess what I’m looking for is is there a segment that is sort of helping prop up any of the others, where maybe there might be a price point, glass ceiling kind of thing?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I don’t think there’s any particular segment I could point to. As I said, more of these price increases have been on our toy side of the business than on the game side, but we have selectively taken some pricing on games as well. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, good. And was there any P&L impact of the step away from securitization of your receivables, meaningful?
David D. R. Hargreaves: There probably was a very small impact because the cost of discounting receivables on securitization gets in an admin expense, whereas the interest expense on the revolver gets into non-operating. But that’s very small. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, and then last question -- what’s going on with the mix of your Transformers movie related product versus non-movie, this year versus last year? If you could talk about that a little bit. 
Brian Goldner: Well, thus far in the year, it’s been a lot of Transformers movie product. We’ll begin and have in the second quarter begun shipping the Transformers animated product. The series has been on the air since the beginning of January this year and is performing very well, so we’re looking forward to the animated product hitting shelves here in the U.S. It’s already begun hitting shelves in several markets around the world. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, great, and let me sneak one more in, if I can; were there any stock buy-backs in the quarter?
Deborah Thomas Slater: Yes, there were. We bought back 1.6 million shares in the quarter. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, and what did you spend on that?
Deborah Thomas Slater: We spent about $51 million. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: 51?
Deborah Thomas Slater: Yes. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from [Gopal Amari]. You may ask your question and please state your company name. 
Gopal Amari - Cars Capital: Good morning, guys. [Cars] Capital. A quick question on Marvel, just to check -- was that up sequentially and on an aggregate basis? Hello?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I’m not sure if you are talking about second quarter versus first quarter or if you are talking about the second quarter of this year versus the second quarter of last year. If you are talking about the second quarter of this year versus last year, it was up, yes. 
Gopal Amari - Cars Capital: Okay. Was it up double-digits?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yeah, Marvel has been strong and it was up double-digits in the second quarter this year versus the second quarter last year. 
Gopal Amari - Cars Capital: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: I will now turn the call over to the speakers for final closing. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you, Shirley. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. A replay of our call will be available on our website after 2:00 p.m. Have a good day. 
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-21 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen A. Warren - Investor Relations Alfred J. Verrecchia - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director David D. R. Hargreaves - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Finance and Global Operations Brian Goldner - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities David Leibowitz Todd Divek - Banc of America Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets John G. Taylor - Arcadia Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to Hasbro's first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) With us today from the company is Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Karen Warren. You may begin. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you, Shirley and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Al Verrecchia, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hargreaves, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Goldner, Chief Operating Officer. To better understand our first quarter, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at Hasbro.com.  We would also like to point out that on this call, whenever we discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share. During the call this morning, Al will discuss key factors impacting our results and David will review the financials.  Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for achieving our objective.  There are many factors that could cause actual results and expectations to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosures.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  Now I would like to introduce Al Verrecchia. Al.
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Before David takes you through a detailed review of the financials, let me take a moment to comment on our results. Even though this is only the first quarter, we are very pleased with our performance thus far, with revenues increasing 13% to $704.2 million compared to $625.3 million last year. Absent the favorable impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 9%.  We had a strong 2007 and the momentum continues into 2008 with a number of brands doing very well, including Transformers, Star Wars, Littlest Pet Shop, Playskool, Baby Alive, My Little Pony, as well as a number of our board games.  Operating profit was $61.3 million or 8.7% of revenue. Net earnings were $37.5 million compared to $32.9 million last year with earnings per share increasing 32% to $0.25 per share compared to $0.19 per share in 2007.  Now let’s review the global performance of our major product categories. The voice business was up a strong 29%, with Transformers, Star Wars, and Marvel on a combined basis up 38% from a year ago. The strength in the Transformers brand continues to be driven by the movie-based product line which we believe is attributable to the momentum from the DVD release, which was the number one DVD in the U.S. last year and continues to be strong this year.  In addition, we’ve had the support of the Transformers animated series on Cartoon Network, which began in early January and is the highest rated new program on Cartoon Network through the first quarter. The Transformers animated product line will begin shipping in the fall.  As we said in February, we expect to have a good year with the Marvel product line. In the first quarter, Iron Man products began shipping for the upcoming May 2nd theatrical release and it is doing very well. In the second quarter, we’ll be shipping The Incredible Hulk product line in anticipation of the scheduled theatrical release on June 13th.  We also have the upcoming release of Indiana Jones on May 22nd, with product expected to be on shelf in early May. The buzz has been very good on Indy and we are looking forward to having a good year with the Indiana Jones franchise.  In fact, retail expectations for all three movies -- Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, and Indiana Jones -- are quite a bit better today than they were at the beginning of the year. In addition, initial sales of our Iron Man product, as well as initial sales of a number of Indiana Jones offerings already on the market in other categories, have been above expectations.  Star Wars continues to do very well. It was up 19% for the quarter. With the upcoming theatrical release of The Clone Wars animation as well as the television debut in the fall, we expect Star Wars to have another very good year and to grow compared to last year.  Our girls business continues to be strong, up 24% in the quarter, driven by the success of Littlest Pet Shop, My Little Pony, and Baby Alive.  In the tween category, Nerf and Super Soaker were both up compared to a year ago, although the category was down primarily due to the decline in iDog.  The preschool category was up 6%, with Playskool up a strong 17%, primarily due to the success of In The Night Garden in the U.K.  Our games and puzzle business was up 9% for the quarter, with our top performer, Monopoly, up 46%, primarily due to the continued strength of Monopoly Here and Now Electronic Banking. And in September, we will be launching the Monopoly Here and Now World Edition.  In addition to Monopoly, we had a number of other games that performed well, including The Game of Life, Scrabble, Twister, Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader?, and Operation.  In the digital gaming business, we couldn’t be more pleased with our partnership with Electronic Arts. EA Mobile has launched Monopoly Here and Now, Scrabble, and Yahtzee Adventures. In addition, the iPod versions of Scrabble and Yahtzee! are now available for purchase from the iTunes store.  In the console and handheld game space in the fourth quarter, EA will be launching games based on three of Hasbro's most popular brands -- Littlest Pet Shop, Nerf, and Monopoly. 
 : In closing, we’re off to a good start. While it’s early in the year and there is still a lot of business to be done, our first quarter performance reinforces the confidence we have in achieving our full year financial goals.  Now I will turn the call over to David to talk to you more about our first quarter results. David. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Thanks, Al and good morning, everyone. I too am very pleased with the results we reported today. For the quarter, we delivered worldwide net revenues of $704.2 million compared to $625.3 million last year, an increase of 13% or $78.9 million. Absent the favorable impact of foreign exchange, revenues were up 9% or $53.5 million.  Our top line growth reflects the continued success we have had in growing our core brands, particularly Transformers and Littlest Pet Shop.  As we’ve shared with you in the past, we are committed to investing in the future growth of our business. Our operating profit during the quarter reflects this investment. In the first quarter, we continued to invest in both our entertainment and digital strategies, including the Wizards of the Coast digital initiative, Gleemax, and building our business with Electronic Arts. We are also building infrastructure in the emerging markets in locations such as Brazil and China. And lastly, we had some costs associated with the Cranium acquisition.  Some of these expenses will continue throughout the year; however, they have always been contemplated in our statement that we should be able to grow earnings per share in 2008.  Moving on to our segment results, beginning in 2008 we have changed the way we are reporting our segment results. The revenues from our business in Mexico are now part of our international segment. As a result, we have renamed the North American segment the U.S. and Canada segment. There is a schedule in the press release that provides 2007 quarterly segment data reclassified to reflect the new 2008 segment structure.  Beginning with the U.S. and Canada segment, net revenues were $428.5 million, compared to $406.1 million last year, an increase of $22.4 million, or 6%. U.S. and Canada operating profit for the quarter was $37.3 million, or 9% of revenue compared to $45.8 million, or 11% of revenue last year.  As I mentioned, there were some expenses associated with the investments we are making to grow our business, including the Wizards of the Coast digital initiative and the Cranium acquisition.  Net revenues in the international segment were $248.3 million compared to $202.7 million a year ago. The segment was up 22% in dollars and 12% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The international segment reported operating profit of $13 million compared to a loss of $1.8 million last year. The improvement in operating profit is primarily due to the leveraging of higher revenues against our fixed expense base.  Now let’s take a look at earnings. For the first quarter, we reported net earnings of $37.5 million, or $0.25 per share. This compared to $32.9 million, or $0.19 per share in 2007. During the quarter, average diluted shares outstanding were $156.2 million compared to $176.7 million last year.  Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization were $100.8 million compared to $90.6 million a year ago. Gross margin for the quarter was 61.5% compared to 61.1% a year ago. The improvement in gross margin is primarily related to changes in both revenue and product mix.  Now let’s take a look at expenses. Royalty expense for the quarter was $58.4 million, or 8.3% of revenue, compared to $50.3 million or 8% of revenue a year ago. As already mentioned, entertainment based product lines are continuing to play a major role in our growth.  Research and product development expenses increased $6.5 million to $41.8 million or 5.9% of revenue, compared to $35.3 million or 5.7% of revenue a year ago. The increase reflects our continued investments in new product development to grow our business.  Advertising expense at 10.9% of revenue was consistent with last year as a percentage of revenue; however, it did increase to $77 million compared to $67.6 million last year.  SG&A expense at $170.2 million, or 25% of revenue, was also consistent on a percentage basis, although it did increase by $19.3 million compared to last year. The increase in dollars is due to a number of factors: firstly, the impact of foreign exchange; secondly, increases with a part of our strategy to grow the business, including the investments we are making in emerging markets and the cost of implementing our entertainment and digital strategies; and lastly, higher shipping and distribution costs associated with increased revenue and generally higher transportation costs.  These increases were partially offset by a favorable adjustment related to a pension surplus in the U.K.  Interest expense increased by $5.2 million to $11.4 million, primarily due to the long-term debt we issued in the third quarter of last year. Other income net totaled $5.8 million compared to $2.1 million a year ago. The 2007 results included a $7.9 million unfavorable mark-to-market adjustment to the Lucas warrants. There was no adjustment in 2008 since we repurchased the warrants in the second quarter of last year.  Our underlying tax rate for the quarter was 31.3% compared to our 2007 full year underlying tax rate of 30.5.  Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cash and short-term investments were $832.2 million compared to $703.6 million a year ago. We have generated significant cash from operations during the last 12 months and we raised $346 million in cash for a debt offering last September. We have used this cash productively over the course of the last year in a number of ways, including: $669 million to repurchase 24.4 million shares of Hasbro stock; we paid $97.7 million in dividends to our shareholders; and finally, we purchased Cranium for $68 million.  Our receivables of $388.7 million were up $61.6 million compared to $327.1 million last year. The increase is primarily a reflection of higher sales volume and the impact of foreign exchange.  Days sales outstanding were 50 days compared to 47 days last year. The increase in DSOs is due to a shift in FOB shipments to later in the quarter and a change in our sales mix towards markets with longer payment terms.  Inventories increased to $291.2 million compared to $265.4 million a year ago, primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange and to support the growth in our business.  At our analyst meeting in February, we share with you that going forward we would measure the health of our capital structure using cash flow measures, namely debt-to-EBITDA of 1.5-to-1 or lower and EBITDA-to-interest of 12-to-1 or better. At the end of the first quarter, our debt-to-EBITDA was 1.53-to-1 and our EBITDA-to-interest was 16.65-to-1. If the [inaudible] money convertible debt is treated as equity, debt-to-EBITDA would be 1.15-to-1 and EBITDA-to-interest would be 20-to-1.  As Al mentioned, we purchased the global rights to Trivial Pursuit at the beginning of the second quarter. Our investment in this established brand guarantees that Trivial Pursuit will remain part of the Hasbro family. Over the years, it has been a very good brand to Hasbro. In fact, our average revenues for Trivial Pursuit have exceeded $80 million per annum for the last five years. With the opportunity to expand around the globe and into other categories, we would describe this as a very good investment for Hasbro.  In summary, we are very pleased with the results we reported today and we continue to believe that we should grow both revenues and earnings per share in 2008. Our balance sheet is strong and we continue to generate good cash flow, which is being returned to shareholders via our increased dividend and our share buy-back program.  With that, Al, Brian, and I would be happy to take your questions. 
Operator:
 : 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: A mentor once told me not to say good quarter on these conference calls but this was a good quarter. Just a few questions; on Iron Man, I’m wondering where inventory levels stand. We’ve been finding at retail it’s stronger than even the retailers have expected, so I’m wondering if you have been prepared for that. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: You’re talking about our availability to ship to market if the movie does better than people expected?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Yes. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: We have a fair amount of flexibility so that’s not a concern for us. We should be able to satisfy the market. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Great. Now on Hulk, I was wondering if you could just comment on that property because you seem optimistic in the preamble but it has been getting mixed reviews out of Hollywood, so I’m just wondering if that -- if you think that’s going to have any impact on toy sales at all. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Well, I think I’ll let Brian answer his first conference call question. Brian. 
Brian Goldner: We are seeing good retailed excitement about the product line and what goes on in Hollywood really doesn’t affect the overall impact of our toy line. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, so your internal expectations haven’t changed?
Brian Goldner: That’s correct. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then just housekeeping, David, you touched on other income, you touched on the tax rate. I was wondering what was in other income this quarter and how should we look at the tax rate going forward?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, what we get through interest income because we have I think $832 million in cash, so interest income is the major thing and then it’s offset by some amortization of bank debt expenses and just some other things in there. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: And the tax rate?
David D. R. Hargreaves: The tax rate, our underlying rate is 31.2, but the actual rate was a bit higher because there’s a couple of discrete items that are not included deductible for tax basis purposes. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: But going forward we should use the 31.2?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Go forward I think we’ve said, we used to be down around about 27 to 28 but our guidance recently has been used closer to 31, because we are recognizing that we will need to repatriate some of our overseas cash and there’s a tax cost to that, so 31 is probably a good go-forward number. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Great. I just want to make sure that didn’t change. Okay, thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator:
 :
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Good morning and congratulations. Given the strength of your business through most of your product lines, I wondered if you could comment on the status of your retail inventories at the end of the quarter, or currently. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Inventory at retail is in good shape. I mean, at this time of the year, typically we are shipping in to fill the market with some of the products like the Iron Man and Hulk movies will come later on in the second quarter, but in general our inventory positions at retail are fine. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Our strength in shipments is being matched by strength at POS. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: And Spider-man didn’t get a mention, or at least as far as I heard. What’s going on with the TV animation and product sales?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Product sales are good. I mean, Spider-man and Marvel are overall down from a year ago, which we expected, but it is still doing quite well and pretty much on target. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: And in terms of the factors that led to the operating margin pressure in the U.S. and Canada, should we expect similar pressures in Q2 or into the second half?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: David.
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think one of the things that we are doing is investment spending, as I said, in our Wizards of the Coast digital initiative, Gleemax. Some of that will continue throughout the year. The costs we had associated with our Cranium acquisition in the first quarter, they shouldn’t continue throughout the year. There will be some cost there but basically we’ve restructured that business down now from about 80 employees down to about 20 employees, so those costs will be lower. And in addition, we’ll start to get revenue from the Cranium acquisition as we move later in the year.  Some of the other costs that we’ve had, I mean, we talk about investing in our entertainment business. We are certainly funding some script development at the moment and we brought [Lisa Litt] on who is heading our entertainment division based out in L.A. So some of these costs will increase throughout the balance of the year, probably not as quite as high level as in the first quarter and in addition, relative to our sales, which tend to be higher in the third and fourth quarter, on a percentage basis these costs will certainly be a lot less. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Brian, I wondered if you could give us an update on the G.I. Joe and Transformer movies to come next year?
Brian Goldner: G.I. Joe is about halfway through production and is on track for August of next year and Transformers will begin production it looks like early June and will be on track for July, end of June, July of next year as we currently know. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Thank you and congratulations again. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gregory Badishkanian.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Just a few real quick questions here; with respect to retail sales, can you put a little color around that in the U.S.? And then international, maybe how it compares with the industry?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: In terms of our retail business, I think overall the business is pretty good. You know, it’s not bad. If you read the newspaper, you would probably get a sense that business wouldn’t be as good as it’s been, so it’s better than what you might gather from reading in the newspaper. I think we’d probably say it’s been okay.  Our business has been good. It’s been good both domestically, a little stronger in the international markets. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Great, and if you look at -- you had mentioned that your inventories are in good shape. Would you categorize that as being down from last year, about the same or -- 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: It depends upon the [PRAM], but I think in general our inventories are in line where they should be and probably we came out of last year a little bit down from a year ago, so we’re probably on target from where we are from a year ago. It really depends upon when some of the entertainment properties are breaking compared to a year ago so you can’t do just a quarter-to-quarter comparison. You really have to look at when certain entertainment properties are breaking and when we are shipping in. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean McGowan.
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Two questions; just can you give us an update on exactly where we stand on the remaining share buy-back? And the second one is a bit longer for Brian. David, could you address the buy-back, please?
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think we’ve got $483 million remaining authorization against the $500 million that the board authorized in the first quarter. And before you ask, it’s 139.6 million outstanding at the end of the quarter. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Shares?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Shares. I think you usually ask that, Sean. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: I think that’s J.P. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Is it?
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. Brain, regarding the four movie properties, or minimum of four that you signed, can you talk a little bit about how the economics for those deals might be different from the deals that you already had in place for movies tied to Hasbro toys?
Brian Goldner: Sean, are you referring to the Universal deal?
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Yes. 
Brian Goldner: Okay, so we’ll begin in distribution our first movie in 2010 or 2011. The development is just underway with Universal. The deal terms are more favorable than a Transformers deal but not material and we will go forward in developing, as David indicated, developing scripts, hiring a few people to help to develop some scripts, and to work on our story concepts with Universal in partnership and then work together with the studio in producing those films. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: But do these deals still contemplate a payment to the studios of royalties related to product that Hasbro sells?
Brian Goldner: Yes, there will be a royalty. It’s not a material royalty and there will also be a payment to Hasbro. We are a first dollar gross participant on the movies and that’s the plan as we go forward. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Conder. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Let me also offer my congratulations on a great quarter. A couple of items; David, can you give us a little bit of color as to the investments in Brazil? You were looking at buying out some distribution there, going direct. Maybe just let us know how that’s progressing, when that will be completed.  And then from the U.K. pension plan, you mentioned that there was somewhat of a benefit in there. Can you give us a little more color on that? And then finally with Trivial Pursuit, any multiple of sales or EBITDA that you can give us some color on there?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Firstly regarding Brazil, as we’ve said we are starting our own subsidiary down there. Previously we had gone through distributors. We’ve now got an office. We’ve now got a general manager. We’ve got a finance person. We’ve got an HR person and I think we are getting some sales people on board.  In terms of -- I think we’ve dealt through about six distributors down in Brazil and we’ll be progressively taking product back from these distributors over a period of time, and I won’t go into more detail about that but it will probably be sort of by the end of the year that we are sort of fully up and running with our own subsidiary and we’ve taken everything over from distributors.  I mean, one thing is clear -- this is not an acquisition. We are starting from ground zero here so it is going to take a little while to get up and running.  Secondly in the U.K., as a result of our acquisition of Kenner-Parka-Tonka back in 1991, there was a pension scheme in the U.K. which was wound up at that time and there were surplus -- we bought annuities for all the people that were in the plan so that they got paid out their amount that was due, but there was a surplus over and above that in the plan and we’ve been negotiating and talking with the trustees of the plan for a long time regarding splitting that surplus between the company and the pensioners, a bonus for the pensioners. So that’s really taken a lot of time to resolve and it was resolved during the first quarter of 2008.  And finally, Trivial Pursuit I think as I said, as a brand this has been doing on average over the last five years in excess of $80 million of revenues for us and we were paying a fairly significant royalty on that. So even if you were just to do a buy pay-back analysis on buying out the royalty stream, this would be a pretty good deal. But of course, the other thing that it does it ensures the brand stays with Hasbro and one of our major competitors doesn’t bid for the license and steal it away from us because we would then lose all the margin that we make, the profit margin that we make on that brand as well.  So we certainly protected our margin, we bought out of [inaudible] stream, and we can take this brand into digital and blow it out around the globe, so we think it’s a very good acquisition. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay, and then finally Al, I think you gave some commentary on channel inventories. Were those just related to the U.S. or were you talking also on an international basis?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I was talking in general, international basis. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David [Leibowitz]. You may ask your question and please state your company name. 
David Leibowitz : Basically second half this year versus last year, you seem to have more theatrical, more tie-in merchandise, more licenses. Are we going to see this year back-halfed and again would the fourth quarter be larger than the third?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Well, David, we’re not going to forecast sales. 
David Leibowitz : I didn’t ask you to --
Alfred J. Verrecchia: You know we don’t, so we’re not going to comment on whether one quarter will be greater than another. And in terms of movies breaking, that varies from year to year. 
David Leibowitz : Well, that’s why I asked with the breaking and the dating. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: I mean, clearly Star Wars coming in August is a theatrical release and then on television through the fall is a positive for that part of the year. 
David Leibowitz : And when do you release product based on the Star Wars: Clone Wars?
David D. R. Hargreaves: It’s July. 
Brian Goldner: Star Wars is shipping throughout the year, David, as we’ve said. Star Wars product -- 
David Leibowitz : Understood but are you shipping Star Wars merchandise tied into the theatrical production yet?
Brian Goldner: We’ll ship Star Wars: Clone Wars product for the second half of the year. 
David Leibowitz : Okay, and the TV show for Trivial Pursuit -- can you give us some idea of the way that contract is structured? What does Hasbro get, what are Hasbro's responsibilities, et cetera?
David D. R. Hargreaves: We are co-funding the production of the Trivial Pursuit show and we expect that the monies we receive back in terms of clearing that and placing that on TV stations around the country will be significant enough to sort of give us close to a break-even on our production costs.  Now clearly our intent isn’t to make money off of the production of the show. Our intent is to sell more Trivial Pursuit product and make our margin on that.  So again, we think it’s a good deal for Hasbro. 
David Leibowitz : And are you providing the Q&A aspect of the game on TV or is that being done by your partner there?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, we -- anytime this is our brand and we are working with entertainment, whether it’s TV or movie, we control creative -- we retain creative control and partner with them to make sure that the essence of the brand is kept. 
David Leibowitz : And do you also participate then with any international versions of the show?
Brian Goldner: Yes, we do, David. 
David Leibowitz : And is there anything in the works you can talk to on that at the moment?
Brian Goldner: We are having conversations but nothing that we would talk about at this point. 
David Leibowitz : And lastly the theatrical productions for next year that are using your intellectual property, do you have any greater economic risk than you did the last time around because you are an active participant to contributing or what have you?
Brian Goldner: No, we have no -- there is no risk. We’re not funding any of the productions. 
David Leibowitz : Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd [Divek]. 
Todd Divek - Banc of America: I had a quick question for you on the capital structure, which I appreciate you sharing the color this morning on your targets. If you do have the convertible notes put to you and you also have a $150 million note that matures this July, I guess a question is would you plan to refinance that in the debt capital markets, the combination of the two, such that you don’t have the under-leveraged balance sheet and you maintain your capital structure consistent with your targets?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yeah, I mean, you are certainly right. If the convertible debt converts and we pay off $135 million of long-term bonds due in July, we will be below our optimal and targeted leverage ratios.  Our board authorized a $600 million issuance of new debt last year, of which we only issued 350, so we still have an open authorization to go to the market and issue an extra $250 million if we so desire and if the rates are right at the time. 
Todd Divek - Banc of America: Okay, and I guess the timing of that would just depend on a number of factors. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, the timing of it depends -- I mean, one of the things that’s clearly happened since we had our authorization is that longer term money has got a bit more expensive and short-term money has got a lot cheaper, so there is a kind of bias to continuing to fund with short-term at the moment. 
Todd Divek - Banc of America: Okay. All right, fair enough. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gerrick Johnson.
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Indiana Jones, what -- I see some of that trickling on to shelves. What was the street date for that and did you get any shipments into the first quarter on Indiana Jones?
Brian Goldner: We shipped some Indiana Jones in the first quarter, not very much. We’ll be on shelf really looking at early May and the movie, of course, is May 22nd. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: And there is a lot of other Indy product, sort of not our product but other Indy product already out in the marketplace and it’s doing very well. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Yes, it is. Okay, so there were some shipments in the first quarter. Now, in terms of point of sale, you said that was matching your shipments. Were there any trends in the quarter on point of sale? Any strengthening or weakening through the quarter?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: You say strength or weakening through the quarter, you mean -- 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: On your point of sale. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I understand that, but do you mean was point of sale strong with the beginning or back half of the quarter?
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Yeah, any sort of change throughout the quarter. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: No, I don’t think there was anything unique. Our POS has been pretty strong throughout the quarter. I don’t think we had much of an impact, a little bit of an impact given that Easter was a little earlier. But other than that, it’s been right on target pretty much the entire quarter. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and lastly are you seeing any changes in the way your major retail partners are doing business this year?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Do you want to be a bit more specific about that, when you say changes in the way they are doing business?
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Well, you know, taking delivery later or more domestic versus FOB or just any sort of changes compared to last year. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: No, not as it relates to Hasbro. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Taylor. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia : Good morning. Great way to start the year. I’ve got a couple of them here; if you look at the landscape this summer with the theatrical releases you have and the ones that Mattel has, et cetera, there is kind of a lot more rather than the two that really people cared about last year. So I’m wondering from a merchandising standpoint, have you got any fresh insights into the way the merchants are going to try to sort of manage the categories, put emphasis on one or the other? Can you talk about that a little bit? I guess what I’m ultimately interested in is whether you guys are going to have the capacity to or the ability to ramp capacity in the fourth quarter in case one of these does happen to catch on. So that’s the first one. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I’ll let Brian take the merchandising piece of that. In terms of the supply chain, we are pretty flexible and I think most of us in this industry, certainly we recognize the potential for properties to move pretty quickly and we plan for that in our production. So we will have the capacity to go up in the fourth quarter if something takes off. Obviously it’s not unlimited but it gives us a lot of flexibility. I think you saw that last year with a brand like both Transformers in particular and even Star Wars, but Brian, do you want to talk about the other piece?
Brian Goldner: We said to you back in February that we believe that our six initiatives this year could quite possibly equal the three from last year and so again, we believe that that’s the case and the way we execute the programs, have a lot of enthusiasm for the movie properties but again, still fundamentally believe that the biggest properties of the year will continue to be Transformers and Spider-man and Star Wars. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia : Okay, because I think there is thought that a number of the properties are going to be in and out, get them done and then that’s it, kind of thing. But you are feeling like you’ve got some shots at extending some legs on these?
Brian Goldner: Yeah, again, I think that those top three properties, Star Wars, Transformers, Spider-man, will continue to perform and we’ve got three very exciting films and we are already seeing great results, as indicated, on Iron Man. A lot of excitement around Indiana Jones and Hulk. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia : Great, okay. And I think, David, you briefly referenced an increase in shipping and distribution costs. I wonder if you could talk about what’s lying behind that and is that part of the landscape now? And maybe give us a sense of what size that looks like. 
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think coming into the year, we certainly [cost out] [inaudible] we anticipated and I think we factored most of those in and I think we took the pricing and everything that we needed to do to protect our margin.  I think the one place that, as we are a little bit surprised at the moment, is that you’ve got oil up at $115 a barrel and you are talking about gasoline at $3.50 over the next couple of weeks, so I think it’s really bunker surcharges for ocean freight and increased costs associated with shipping out to the customer, both here and in Europe. And all told, that would be in a region of about $5 million. It certainly isn’t $1 million and it is certainly not $10 million. Probably the $5 million to $6 million type range is our anticipation for the year. That wasn’t for the quarter, so that is one area where it’s a bit higher than what we originally planned. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia : Okay, great. And we can assume that -- well, that’s not that big a number, so never mind. Okay, and then Trivial Pursuit, did you guys -- remind me, did you have that globally already or was there a piece that somebody else had?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: We had it already. 
John G. Taylor - Arcadia : Okay. All right, very good. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Thomas Russo. 
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Good morning. I was -- but I can congratulate you, which I will do, so congratulations. David, for -- could you provide insight into why the segments were shifted, why the reporting segments changed like it did this term?
David D. R. Hargreaves: Essentially it’s internal -- the way we are managing the business internally in that we’ve moved Mexico. It was previously under North American management when Brian was heading the North American group historically. Go-forward, we’ve kind of split the responsibilities a little bit and we’ve got Mexico under the same manager as our rest-of-the-world business. 
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. And then, David, you also mentioned that the receivables may have extended or grown as a result of doing business in new markets that require longer term. And my sense would be that in the new markets, they may be more fragile markets economically and you might go the other way and deal in those markets with shorter terms. 
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: I think obviously that would be the lowest risk and the most desired way to go, if we could. Unfortunately, the customer practice in some of these markets, particularly Latin America, is to have extended terms and if we want to be competitive in the market and grow our business in the market, then I think we need to meet with local customer practice.  At the same time, are obviously going to do a lot of credit checking and not take a lot of risk, so we are looking for low risk but we will get extended terms. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Some of those extended terms are with very large customers that we deal with around the world, so they are not necessarily smaller customers. [Carfur] will get different terms in Latin and South America than they will in say France. 
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. And then Alan, Brian, the increase -- speak if you can about any shifts in the effectiveness of how you are spending your ad budget. David referred to the Trivial Pursuit show is in part a form of marketing. Once you cover your costs, you are actually using it to drive product sales. But aside from that, just a more traditional measured media and other forms of communications -- what’s working and how is your budget shifting?
Brian Goldner: Well, we are continuing to create all kinds of experiences appropriate for each of the consumer audiences. Littlest Pet Shop VIPs is really the only world as a form of entertainment and that will also tie with all the efforts done through EA as they launch the Nintendo DS and they launch the Wii console game this third and fourth quarter, so again that experience for young girls is about the online world and the DS and the Wii system. That for them is entertainment. Obviously continuing to look at the theatrical business, continuing to look at our TV business, between Transformers animation and the Trivial Pursuit game show. I think what we are trying to do is make sure we are there to provide an immersive brand experience anywhere and everywhere our consumers are and to do it right by consumer audience. 
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Great. And then where you are finding your advertising spend to be most efficient these days, is there any shift that you can speak to?
Brian Goldner: Well, you know, we continue to look at the mix between broadcast, media, as well as online and we look at it by market and we also look at it across all the different forms of formats between network and cable and that continues to be a fine-tuning process. 
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. And then Brian and Al lastly, this Internet only competitive version to Scrabble that seems to have surfaced, what steps are underway to defang it? I know that you mentioned that you are taking Scrabble officially through new platforms. I think that you said that it would be available on the iPod through iTunes and other versions. At the other end, what about the non-licensed look-alike?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Well, as you can imagine, our General Counsel advised us not to say too much about this but I think that the matter will hopefully be resolved in the very near-term. 
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Thank you and thank you for a great quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I’ll turn the call back over to the speakers for final comment. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you, Shirley. I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today. A replay of our call will be available on our website after 2:00 p.m. Thank you. 
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen A. Warren - Investor Relations Alfred J. Verrecchia - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director David Hargreaves - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Finance and Global Operations
Analysts: Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co. Todd Divek - Bank of America  Thomas Russo - Gardner Russo Gardner  David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Hasbro's fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) With us today from the company, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Karen Warren. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you, Shirley and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Al Verrecchia, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Hargreaves, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. To better understand our fourth quarter and full-year results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed on today’s call and it is available on our website at hasbro.com.  We would also like to point out that on this call, whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share.  During the call this morning, Al will discuss key factors impact our results and David will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions.  Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals, objectives, and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals, and expectations for achieving our objective.  There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s press release, and in our other public disclosure. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  Now I would like to introduce Al Verrecchia. Al.
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I hope you’ve all had the opportunity to read this morning’s press release. As you can see, we had a very strong year, representing the third year in a row of record net earnings and earnings per share and the seventh consecutive year of growth in net earnings and earnings per share.  We achieved net earnings of $333 million, an increase of more than $100 million compared to last year’s record net earnings of $230.1 million. We reported earnings per share of $1.97 for 2007.  When the full year results are adjusted to remove both the favorable tax adjustment in 2007 and the mark-to-market expense for the Lucas warrants in both years, net earnings would have been $347.8 million or $2.03 per share in 2007, compared to $261.8 million, or $1.43 in 2006.  We are particularly pleased with the strength of our business in the all-important fourth quarter. Revenues were $1.3 billion, up a strong 16%. For the year, net revenues were $3.8 billion, up 22% compared to $3.2 billion in the prior year. The strength of our business was broad-based, both in terms of geography and product categories.  For the full year, North American segment revenues were up 15% and international segment revenues were up 33%, or 24% excluding the positive impact of foreign exchange. On a global basis, our boys, girls, preschool, and games and puzzle categories all performed well.  In the boys category, Transformers, Spider-man, and Star Wars continued to do very well and remain the top three boys properties in the industry.  I am sure it comes as so surprise to many of you that Transformers, first introduced in 1984, has established itself as a property that can deliver both entertainment and products that resonate with kids and adults alike. Total box office revenues exceeded $700 million and it was the number one DVD in the U.S. in 2007. Transformers was also nominated for three academy awards -- best sound editing, best sound mixing, and best visual effects.  Transformers was not only a theatrical success; it was our leading brand with toys, games, and a very successful licensing program. Together they generated approximately $480 million in Transformer revenues during 2007. That momentum has continued into 2008. We finished the year with very clean inventories and we have a great product lineup for 2008 with many new items, as well as entertainment support from the Transformers animated series that began airing in early January on Cartoon Network.  All in all, we have all the pieces in place to deliver another strong year for Transformers.  Star Wars continues to be a phenomena in the industry. It is a perennial in the category and continues to deliver significant volume, even in non-movie years. Given the anticipated release of Star Wars animation later this year, we expect our Star Wars revenues to grow in 2008.  In addition, we had a very good year with the Marvel properties. We are looking forward to another strong year for Spider-man, with television animation expected to begin in March. When you combine this with the scheduled theatrical releases of The Incredible Hulk and Iron Man later this year, our Marvel products are expected to do very well again in 2008.  Given the continued strength of Transformers, the Marvel properties, and Star Wars, as well as the excitement surrounding the upcoming release of Indiana Jones, we expect a strong year in our boys business in 2008.  Our girls category, a very important part of our business which we have grown significant over the past six years, was up 29%, driven by the continued success of Littlest Pet Shop, up 53%; My Little Pony, up 25%; Furreal Friends, up 44%; and a very strong performance in Baby Alive, which was up 85%.  As we said in November, Hasbro has redefined the girls category over the last six years by consistently delivering innovative and exciting new products.  The preschool category was up 7%, benefiting from the Playskool brand being up a solid 10% in part due to the success of In The Night Garden in the U.K. I am pleased with the progress we are making with the Playskool business, although I was disappointed that TJ Bearytales did not carry forward. Absent the impact of TJ, the Playskool brand was up 27%. In the tween category, Nerf continued to perform well, up 23% for the year. iDog also had another great year, although the success of these two brands was not enough to offset declines in the Now brand ZoomBox and the disappointment of the Power Tour Electric Guitar, which resulted in the category being down 6% for the year.  Traditional board games were up 6% based on the strength of Monopoly Electronic Banking, Operation, Are You Smarter Than a Fifth-Grader?, Sorry!, and The Game of Life Twists and Turns. Offsetting this were declines in trading card and plug-and-play games, which resulted in the games and puzzle category being up 2% for the year.  The acquisition of Cranium closed last month. This is a great addition to the Hasbro board game portfolio. As we look ahead, we believe there is an opportunity for growth for the Cranium brand, particularly in the international markets, and we’ll talk more about the Cranium brand at our Toy Fair meeting on Friday.  We will also talk more about our partnership with EA on Friday. Today they announced the first Hasbro titles in development -- Littlest Pet Shop, Nerf, Monopoly, and Yahtzee. This initial slate of Hasbro brands will be developed for game consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. We couldn’t e more pleased with the opportunity this relationship represents for Hasbro.  In closing, 2007 was a very good year for Hasbro. It was the third year in a row of record net earnings and the seventh consecutive year of net earnings growth. We generated significant cash flow and grew the top line 22%, with the strength of our business broad-based, both in terms of geography and product categories. We finished the year strong, with U.S. retail takeaway up double-digits and similar results in most geographies around the world, leading to good inventory positions at retail at year-end.  Going into 2008, we’re excited about the opportunities. We have momentum and we’re looking forward to another good year. We hope you will join us on Friday morning’s webcast from Toy Fair to hear more about our new product plans for this year. With that, thank you for joining us and now I will turn the call over to David to talk more about our results. David. 
David Hargreaves: Thanks, Al and good morning, everyone. I am very pleased with the results we reported today. We grew revenues by 22% for the year and we achieved an operating margin of 13.5%, exceeding the near-term target of 12% that we have been articulating. I am especially pleased that when you combine the robust revenue growth we achieved in 2007 with the cost structure improvements and share count reductions we have achieved in recent years, the result is a 53% increase in as-reported earnings per share. In addition, we generated $601.8 million in operating cash flow during 2007.  Before I go into more detail on our performance, I would like to mention a couple of other items that impacted our full-year results. First, as we discussed last quarter, the 2007 full-year results include a favorable tax adjustment of $29.6 million, or $0.17 per share.  Second, as most of you know, in the second quarter of 2007, we exercised our right to purchase the Lucas warrants for $200 million. Prior to this, the warrants impacted our reported results, both in 2006 and the first half of 2007.  For the full year 2007, the Lucas mark-to-market adjustment was a non-operating expense of $44.4 million, or $0.23 per share. This compared to a non-operating expense of $31.8 million, or $0.14 per share in 2006.  If you exclude both of these factors, you get full year earnings per share of $2.03 for 2007 compared to $1.43 in 2006.  Now let’s take a closer look at our results for the full year. Worldwide net revenues were $3.8 billion compared to $3.2 billion last year, an increase of 22% or $686 million. In constant dollars, revenues were up 19%, or $592 million, reflecting the success we have had in growing our core brands, particularly Transformers and Littlest Pet Shop.  North American segment net revenues were $2.5 billion, an increase of $329.7 million, or 15% compared to last year’s $2.1 billion. North American segment operating profit for the year was $318.7 million, or 13% of revenue, compared to $276 million, or 13% of revenue last year. The improvement in dollar terms primarily reflects the higher revenue which was partly offset by higher royalties and advertising expense. In addition, some of the leverage associated with the revenue growth was offset by investment spending in our Wizards of the Coast online initiative and building the Playskool brand.  The international segment net revenues were $1.3 billion compared to $959.3 million a year ago, up an impressive 33% in U.S. dollars and 24% in local currencies. The international segment reported an operating profit of $158.8 million, or 12.4% compared to $90.9 million, or 9.5% last year. The improvement is a function of a higher revenue and higher gross profit, partially offset by higher royalties.  The strength of the international segment revenue and profitability is also driven by our focus on core brand growth, including Littlest Pet Shop, My Little Pony, Transformers, Monopoly, and Playskool. As we have previously stated, our core brands are more profitable and as the grow, we get margin improvement.  Now let’s take a look at earnings. From the year, we reported net earnings of $333 million, or $1.97 per share. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization were $653.5 million, compared to $515.7 million a year ago. Gross margin for the year was 58.9% compared to 58.6% a year ago. The improvement in gross margin is primarily related to changes in our product mix. As we’ve stated in the past, entertainment-based product lines typically have a higher gross margin.  In terms of expenses for the year royalty expense increased significantly to $316.8 million compared to $169.7 million a year ago, due to higher royalties associated with Marvel properties and other entertainment-based product lines.  Research and product development expense declined by $4.2 million to $167.2 million. Spending levels were lower this year compared to 2006, which was exceptionally high due to the compressed timing of the Marvel product line development.  Advertising expense decreased to 11.3% of net revenues from 11.7% last year, although it did increase in absolute dollars from $369 million to $434.7 million. The increase in dollars reflects the impact of foreign exchange translation rates on advertising incurred in our international markets, as well as continued investment in growing awareness of our Playskool and other core brands.  SG&A expenses were $755.1 million, compared to $682.2 million a year ago. However, SG&A declined as a percent of revenue to 19.7% from 21.7% a year ago. The dollar increase is primarily due to increased shipping and warehouse costs, as well as higher incentive compensation, the impact from foreign exchange, and general inflationary increases.  Interest expense increased by $7.1 million to $34.6 million, primarily due to the long-term debt we issued in the third quarter. Other expense net totaled $22.4 million compared to $7.4 million a year ago. The increase is primarily due to the higher expense in 2007 related to the mark-to-market on the Lucas warrants. Excluding the favorable tax event that occurred in the third quarter, the impact of the Lucas warrants, and other discreet tax events, our underlying 2007 tax rate was 30.5%, compared to our 2006 full year underlying tax rate of 27.6%. The higher underlying rate for 2007 reflects the tax costs associated with returning a portion of current year international earnings to the U.S.  Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At year end, cash totaled $774.5 million, compared to $715.4 million a year ago, an increase of $59.1 million. In 2007, we generated over $600 million in operating cash flow and we raised $346 million in cash through our debt offerings in September.  We have used this cash productively over the course of 2007 in the following ways: exercising our rights to purchase the Lucas warrants for $200 million; paying $70 million to Marvel as part of our five-year agreement; returning $94 million to our shareholders in dividends; and lastly, spending $587 million to repurchase $20.8 million shares of Hasbro stock.  Our receivables at $654.8 million were up $98.5 million compared to $556.3 million last year. The increase is primarily a reflection of our higher sales volume and the impact of foreign exchange. DSOs of 45 days are consistent with last year.  Inventories increased to $259.1 million compared to $203.3 million a year ago, reflecting the growth of our business as well as the impact of foreign exchange. Our debt-to-cap ratio was 38%, an increase from last year due to the $350 million of new long-term debt issued in September. A portion of this offering anticipates $135 million of our debt maturing and being repaid in July of this year.  In light of our strong global cash flow generation and our expectations for the future, the board of directors last week increased our quarterly dividend by $0.04 per share and authorized the company to repurchase an additional $500 million in common stock. During the fourth quarter, the company had repurchased 4.7 million shares at a total cost of $131.1 million. Since the resumption of our share buy-back program in 2005, we have spent over $1 billion to repurchase more than 45.9 million shares. When one takes into account the Lucas warrant transaction, we have spent over $1.2 billion to retire approximately 62 million shares and warrants.  In closing, our dividend and buy-back programs are clearly motivated by our commitment to create shareholder value. It reflects both our significant cash generation and our expectations for future and earnings growth. Clearly we had a strong 2007 and we believe we are well-positioned for another strong year in 2008. We look forward to sharing more about our products and plans for 2008 at our upcoming analyst meeting on Friday, which will be webcast.  With that, Al and I would be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Margaret Whitfield.  
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Good morning. In your comments, I think David you were referring a lot to the full year numbers. Could you give me some color on why the operating profit in North America was down 22% but it was up 40% overseas?
David Hargreaves: Yeah, I think in the U.S. in particular, A, we were trying to anniversary a very strong fourth quarter last year. I think what happened last year is that we ended up exceptionally clean in terms of obsolescence, in terms of markdowns and the fourth quarter of last year, we actually reversed some reserves.  That said, this year also included a number of items of investment spending. We are spending against a start-up in Brazil, a start-up of our own company. We have certainly been kept the advertising going later throughout the full quarter in order to make sure we drove a very clean retail position and we’ve also been investment spending in Wizards of the Coast online initiative.  So I think those were factors that meant that operating profit in North America were lower in the fourth quarter. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: I also wondered if you could give us the increase in the boys segment. I think you gave every other segment on the prepared remarks. 
David Hargreaves: I think it was 78% for the full year. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: And the first half of last year was so strong -- any deliveries other than the movie-related lines that would support your business in Q1 and 2 in terms of new products or existing products, such as Transformers continuing?
David Hargreaves: As we go into ’08, I think clearly we have very strong momentum across a lot of our product line. I think retailer inventories are in pretty good shape and we are looking forward to a good first quarter. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I think, not to refute what David said, but Transformers continues to be very strong at retail. Star Wars continues to do well -- Littlest Pet Shop, My Little Pony, so the brands that carried us through 2007, many of the continue to do very well in the early part of 2008. 
David Hargreaves: And of course, Littlest Pet Shop VIPs, which were test-marketed at the end of last year, will be rolling out both nationally and starting to roll out internationally during the first quarter. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, final question -- with the expected end of the writers’ strike, could you tell us what the status is of the ’09 movies -- the G.I. Joe, Transformers 2? Or what your expectations are if the strike is, as it appears, is currently expected to settle very soon?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: G.I. Joe starts shooting this week -- I think today, as a matter of fact. And it is scheduled for release in 2009, as is Transformers 2. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: So no delays?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Currently, no delays. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Great. Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Savner.
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities : Two questions -- first, David, can you help us think about royalty expense next year, just directionally? Because I know you’re not giving any specific guidance but if we just look at the Marvel properties and the assumed royalty rate for those, is it fair to say that all other things being equal, you should see an aggregate decline in royalty expense next year, or is that logic not necessarily correct?
David Hargreaves: I think you will see a decrease in royalty expense next year from this year. It’s very high level but that said, I wouldn’t assume that that’s going to be so significant that it takes you back to 2006 levels because clearly we are expecting entertainment driven brands, whether it’s Transformers, Star Wars, or the Marvel properties, including Iron Man and Hulk, or whether it’s Lucas’ Indiana Jones, we are still expecting a lot of volume through entertainment driven properties which tend to have higher royalty rates. 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities : That’s helpful, thanks. And will you be shipping any Iron Man and Hulk product in the first quarter or will most of that go outright at the beginning of the second quarter?
David Hargreaves: I don’t think we’ve got material amounts that we’ll ship during the first quarter.
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities : Okay, and last question -- you had mentioned on the last conference call an expected surge in toy sales around the DVD releases of some of these key properties, like Spider-man and Transformers. Can you give us now some backward looking commentary about how significant that is, how important the DVD is to driving toy sales? Or is it more just a general seasonal benefit that you get? Because I guess at the root of my question is if we are starting to see some type of maturation of DVD product, albeit Transformers did fantastic, if that business is maturing somewhat, how important is that to getting that second lift of toy sales later in the year after a move comes out?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I think in general having that DVD and providing that second life is very important to the brand. It’s very difficult to differentiate how much of the volume in the fourth quarter is due to seasonality versus the DVD release, but I think over the years and in particularly I think ’07 continued to demonstrate that the DVD release of a popular movie will drive additional volume and it’s another marketing event that we can drive business around.  So we think it’s important and we look forward to the DVD releases when they come. 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities : Terrific. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gerrick Johnson. 
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. I had a question on third-party manufacturing. As you get your quotes back from the third party manufacturers, what kind of price increases are they looking for for existing and then new lines? And what kind of cost increases do you think you’ll be able to pass on to retailers this year?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: David.
David Hargreaves: I think so much of our product is new every year and obviously as we cost that, we build in the latest costs, whether it’s labor, commodities, or whatever, and we price that into the line when we announce the line, so it’s not like we have one item that cost $4.99 last year and it’s gone to $4.99 this year.  However, if you look at the cost increases, clearly they are significant. I would say if you average out labor, commodities, the impact of the Chinese currency revaluing, the cost of additional testing and quality work that has to be done nowadays, I think if you average all of that out, coming out of China you are probably looking at something like a 14% to 15% increase in costs. That doesn’t mean that we have to pass all of that in in terms of pricing, because certainly we are taking actions to try and offset some of these cost increases.  Some of our vendors are moving further into China in order to obviate the higher labor costs. We are certainly looking at cost engineering our products to China to offset some of the increases. And certainly not all of our product comes out of China. Our entire games business comes out of factories in East Long Meadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland. And certainly the kind of cost increases, particularly labor and overhead, are not nearly as significant. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: The other thing, David, as we’ve discussed, cost represents generally speaking in the range of 40% of selling price, so if you’re talking about -- even if you use 15%, 40% of that would be about 6%. You’d need a 6% price increase to offset a 15% cost increase. And that assumes no improvement in operating efficiency.  So clearly there will be some price increases this year. We’ll continue to look to improve efficiencies in the supply chain and as David said, not all the product that we sell is coming out of China, especially with the board game business.  I think the bottom line is we would expect to hold our margins in 2008 with 2007. 
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Very detailed. I appreciate that. I have one more question on inventory; what would it have been excluding the currency effect you talked about? And also the inventory level at the channel, you said they were in good shape. I was wondering if you could put some numbers behind that. How did you end the quarter there? And also related to that, what kind of point of sale data can you provide to us? How did that trend through the quarter?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Let me talk about POS, and we have to keep in mind that the amount of information that we have with regard to POS is certainly much better in the U.S. with our key account than it is in other parts of the world but in general, our POS in the U.S. was up double digits during the holiday season. And if we go around the world in most geographies, we found similar results. We picked up market share in virtually every geography around the world and our retail inventories are in good shape.  I think in general our retail inventories are probably down from a year ago, although again that’s anecdotal evidence in some geographies and we get better information in the U.S. but we are very comfortable with where we are at retail and in our own inventories as well.  David, do you want to add anything to that?
David Hargreaves: Approximately half our inventories at year-end were overseas and versus a year ago, but it was probably a 10% to 12% increase on that, so probably about $15 million of the increase was due to foreign exchange. And the balance really is just that we’ve been operating our business at a much higher level. Our business operated throughout last year at about 22% higher than prior year. 
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Conder.
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia: Thank you. First of all, congratulations on another great year and good execution. A couple of things here, just continuing on in the inventory and sell-through side -- can you give any specific color related to Spider-man, how those channel inventories are in the sell-through? And just to clarify I think your response to the last question -- you’re saying that collectively, domestically and internationally, your global channel inventories are down on a year-over-year basis? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Let me get to the last point -- I can’t give you good number internationally in the sense that we get very good information here in the U.S., but when you start to get into some of the countries in Latin and South America, Asia-Pacific, the data is not as good. But anecdotally, in talking to our sales organization our inventories at retail generally speaking around the world are in very good shape and in many cases lower than a year ago. They are certainly in very good shape here in the U.S. with our major customers.  In terms of the Marvel properties and Spider-man, our product did well. You have to keep in mind there’s a lot of Spider-man product out there that is not ours, but we are in good shape inventory wise and we are off to a -- you know, we get a lot of momentum, we’re off to a pretty decent start in ’08. 
David Hargreaves: I think on Spider-man in particular, there had been fairly significant retailer inventories throughout a lot of the year but to Michael’s comment about the DVD, we did see a significant jump in Spider-man 3 after the release of the DVD and I think after that, our inventories got back into pretty good shape on Spider-man.  
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia: Okay. And looking at the first quarter, gentlemen, I know generally you don’t give guidance here but given the very hard comparison of the first quarter and it sounds like you obviously ended the year on a very good momentum. Can you give us any color? I mean, are retailers going to have to come back and then given our inventories are down year over year, it sounds like, restock pretty aggressively ahead of the launch of the Spider-man I guess in particular animation and then the animation that’s already out there on Transformers?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Well, if we answered all those questions, I think we’d be giving a lot of guidance. Let me just say that we have good momentum. The brands that did well for us in ’07 continued to have momentum and they are doing well in ’08 and as both Dave and I said, we are looking forward to a good year in ’08. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia: Okay, and then David, relating to the increased share authorization on the repo side, could part of that be used to offset the 2.75 convert that you have out there, given how it is relative to the dividend yield on the stock?
David Hargreaves: Yes, I mean, certainly as we increase our dividend, it becomes more compelling for the convertible bond holders to convert and obviously they will be getting more yield on the dividend than they are from the coupon on the debt. I don’t think that’s too material for our diluted earnings per share because we already include the converts in the calculation of diluted earnings per share most times. But certainly our buy-back program will offset those converts as they convert, yes. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia: Okay. Thank you, gentlemen. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gregory Badishkanian. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Thanks. I just have two questions; first one, I believe you mentioned the Transformers animation came out in January and since you do have some additional ones that haven’t been out yet, your other properties, did it give you the lift in sales that you were expecting?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Are you talking about the Transformers animation?
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Yeah, exactly. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Yeah, Transformers animation is doing very well. The ratings are outstanding and in the line, the Transformers brand continues to do well at retail. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Good. And you did notice once that came out that you saw sales get a nice lift from that?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Yeah, generally, but I mean -- it’s kind of hard to say that it’s due to any one factor because Transformers has been a very strong brand right along. We didn’t see it weaken at all right after -- even after the holiday season but I suspect that the animation certainly helped. 
David Hargreaves: And it certainly was that -- certainly some Transformers items which were in short supply towards the end of the last year and as we got back into supply, [inaudible] again. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Great. That’s helpful. Also, just with the EA partnership, the press release that came out, just wondering -- I guess the first launch is going to be in the spring, it mentioned, and just if you were to look out ’08, ’09, are you going to see primarily the benefit coming in 2009 still?
David Hargreaves: Yes, I think most of the titles, or probably the ones that will do higher revenue, consoler and handheld, tend to be very late in the year ’08 and I think revenues this year, in the context of Hasbro Inc. are probably not that material. As we go into ’09 and beyond, we think they start to become material and will grow fairly rapidly. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean McGowan. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co.: A couple of questions -- tax rate, David, is there anything other than kind of getting the full year to look the way it is supposed to, is there anything unusual going on in the fourth quarter?
David Hargreaves: I think we had to tune up our underlying rate a little bit, which brought the underlying rate for the year down compared to what we thought it was going to be in the third quarter. But absent that, there really wasn’t any discrete items. The $29.7 million was in the third quarter and the additional costs that we had associated we repatriate in some of the current year overseas earnings was impacted off of the last two quarters. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co.: Okay, and what would you say would be a good rate to use for a full year ’08?
David Hargreaves: Really it depends on how much -- as we look at our cash requirements, how much of overseas earnings that we determined to repatriate, because there’s a tax cost associated with that. But I think the days of when we used to be 26% to 27% as an underlying rate are probably gone and I think probably being 30% to 31% as an underlying rate may be more appropriate go forward. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co.: Okay. Of the cash on hand at the end of the year, how much of that is in the U.S.?
David Hargreaves: Most of it is overseas. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co.: Still? Okay, so even after repatriating last year, so you used that for the buy-back last year?
David Hargreaves: Yeah, I mean, we had a very profitable year both in the U.S. and a very profitable year overseas. The overseas cash really doesn’t get spent. The domestic cash does get spent in terms of Lucas warrants, in terms of the dividend, in terms of the buy-back -- that all comes out of U.S. cash. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co.: Right. So in order -- if one were to assume a certain amount of a $500 million authorized repurchase gets done in 2008 and that cash that is sitting there is mostly outside the U.S., does that mean you’d need to repatriate more and could that have an upward impact on the tax rate?
David Hargreaves: I think I’ve almost just answered that question. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co.: Okay, so it’s baked into that? In other words, when you say 30 to 31, you sort of bake that in already?
David Hargreaves: Yes. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co.: Okay. A couple of other quick questions -- I think when you were going down the product breakdown, I think you were talking about the full year for everything. Would you care to give any of that product breakdown for the fourth quarter itself? I think Al might have been doing it -- you know, the increases in certain categories?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: We were talking about the year. We wouldn’t typically give that in any given quarter. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co.: Okay. Could I ask just one thing -- could you comment on the U.S. board game business in the fourth quarter, your own shipments in?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Again, the board game business overall was up I believe 6% for the year. A lot of that happens in the fourth quarter because the board game business is somewhat skewed to the back half of the year, which we felt was pretty good given the overall strength of the videogame business. 
Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Co.: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from [Todd Divek]. 
Todd Divek - Bank of America : Good morning. I had a quick question for you on the balance sheet with respect to both the convertible note as well as the -- you have a small note that is due this summer. I was wanting to know if you have plans to replace those in your capital structure or if you just plan on paying those off. 
David Hargreaves: Well, we did get an authorization from our board back in September to go to the market and raise $600 million in long-term debt. As we started to look at the market, we were thinking of going 10-year and 30-year and we really didn’t like the terms we could have got on the 30-year so we didn’t proceed with that. So we actually went with $350 million in 10-year, which means under our existing board authorization, we do have the opportunity to go out and raise a further $250 million of long-term debt, if indeed we find that rates are attractive.  So obviously we’ll keep monitoring it. It’s not something we need to do. We don’t need the cash immediately. It’s really as we look at our optimal capital structure, then we do believe that having some debt is a good thing. 
Todd Divek - Bank of America : Okay, that’s fair enough. And then just tying that in to the share repurchase authorization, you had a $500 million authorization that I believe you announced last fall and then just last week you came up with another $500 million authorization. Just generally speaking, do you plan to buy that back, buy shares back opportunistically using free cash flow or would you also consider that being a leveraging event such as an accelerated share repurchase programs?
David Hargreaves: Well, we look at trying to get to our optimal capital structure in relation to our debt and debt-to-cap and total cap and some other measures of EBITDA to interest and total debt to EBITDA. And we will use cash once we’ve sort of achieved that optimal capital structure, we will use excess cash to opportunistically buy back stock. 
Todd Divek - Bank of America : Okay, and again, your ideal capital structure, how do you define that?
David Hargreaves: Well, historically we have really been talking about a 25% to 30% debt-to-cap range. However, as we buy more stock back, our capitalization goes down and it’s also muddied at the moment as the converts are sitting in debt. In reality, as soon as they convert, they’ll be sitting in equity.  So we are looking much more at an interest coverage, EBITDA-to-interest of 12 to 1, or a debt-to-cap of 1.5 to 1 -- sorry, a debt-to-EBITDA. 
Todd Divek - Bank of America : Debt-to-EBITDA, okay and then just one follow-up question with respect to the convert, that is at the discretion of the note holders. Can you give us an update on has any of that been converted or are the conditions for conversion -- 
David Hargreaves: Certainly it is -- the conditions for conversion have been met and the holders could convert if they so desired. You know, thus far I think out of the -- I think only about $2,000 worth or something that small has actually converted. We’re sort of somewhat surprised that more hasn’t converted but certainly as we increase our dividend, which we did last week, I would imagine that more of the convert holders convert. 
Todd Divek - Bank of America : Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas Russo. 
Thomas Russo - Gardner Russo Gardner : Great quarter, great year. Good morning. David -- or Al, actually -- on the comments relating to the investment spending at the moment on Wizards with their online offering, I’m curious as to how you will go about developing that product and whether it falls into the EA online relationship. And then speak as well about your online activities, in particular as it relates to the virtual world that others in the toy industry have created for their children audience with abundant chance for the kids to spend lots of ongoing money. What’s your role in the virtual gaming area and then also what’s your plan for spending the money on developing Wizards?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: In terms of Wizards, let me start by -- I think you know that Magic Online has been up and running for a number of years now. Some of the money we are spending is to improve that, the technology that supports that offering. And then we are also investing in something we call Gleemax, which was an online gaming site for people who not only play Magic but are really involved in gaming in general. It’s a site that will have a -- it’s more of a building a community of game players. There will be the opportunity to play games. There will be the opportunity to communicate with other game players. It’s a place where people can go who are really interested in what we would call hobby or niche games. We’re spending a fair amount of money in that regard and that site is probably -- well, it is up now. We’ll be continuing to add games and new features to it throughout the year.  In terms of the virtual world for children, I’ll let David talk about the VIPs which were recently launched and we’re going to start to go nationwide with that. David. 
David Hargreaves: Certainly the idea of the VIPs is similar to sort of a Webkinz idea where the plush toy that you can buy is coded and connects to an Internet site. We’ve developed that. Hasbro has sort of had a partner develop that and that will be not a revenue generating site -- that will be based on -- we will make our money selling the toy.  At a later date, EA will certainly develop a much richer like persistent state world based around Littlest Pet Shop which will be a revenue generating site for EA. 
Thomas Russo - Gardner Russo Gardner : Okay. Thank you very much. Congratulations on the quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Leibowitz. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: A few questions -- David, how much money did you repatriate out of foreign profits last year?
David Hargreaves: Well, we haven’t said exactly how much and I’m not sure we really want to. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay. Second, what is the rating on the Indiana Jones movie and when do you start shipping?
David Hargreaves: It will certainly be PG-13 or -- not above that. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Yeah, I don’t know specifically but I suspect it’s PG-13 and it’s due to launch in May of this year. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: And when do you start shipping?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: My guess is we’ll start shipping in the second quarter. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay. Next, your third-party manufacturing in China -- several companies have been talking of moving some manufacturing to Vietnam and other lower priced production centers in Southeast Asia. Have you been doing that yet?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: No, we haven’t and I don’t see any meaningful move to Vietnam. I think they are -- when you look at the total cost of the product, I think you’ll find certainly the vendors that we deal with, most of them are moving more inland into China as opposed to Vietnam. When you look at Vietnam, you have a couple of issues there. One is just the overall size of the country. It’s a lot smaller than just the southern province of China, so the overall capacity is certainly an issue. You have a language issue, which you don’t have when you move inland into China. The support services and the infrastructure still isn’t there and you are lengthening the supply chain. You start to develop new vendors in places like Vietnam, you’ve got to start all over again with issues of quality and safety and product reliability.  So I think you are liable to see more people moving inland into China and again probably over a longer period of time, you’ll see some sub-assemblies, some painting operations moving inland, and then final assembly continuing to be done at existing factories.  So while there are some people who are moving into Vietnam, I don’t see that as a major initiative, certainly in the near-term and by that, I mean over the next two, three, four, five years. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Excellent. Just to more brief ones -- Wal-Mart and Lego had a bit of a tussle up in Canada. Have you had a similar issue with them?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: No, we haven’t. Our relationship is outstanding with Wal-Mart. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Does that mean you repriced your product, given the effect of the Canadian dollar’s increase?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Well, I’m not going to comment about our pricing. All I will say is we don’t have the same issues that were mentioned in that release between Lego and Wal-Mart. You know, certainly there has been a lot of publicity up in Canada not just about toys but prices in general and we’ve certainly dealt with that in a variety of ways. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay, and lastly, do you expect to have -- well, first off, what was the licensing income last year in licensing?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: We don’t release that number. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay, and in terms of ’08 versus ’07, do you expect the licensing income figure to increase?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Again, we wouldn’t forecast but I would keep one thing in mind -- we had a very strong year with Transformers and licensing around the movie, so all else being equal, that could slow down a bit. That’s about the only comment I’d make regarding licensing income for ’08. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Gerrick Johnson. 
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: I just wanted to follow-up on the Star Wars animation and what’s going on with the theatrical release and has Lucas announced when that will be coming out in theaters, or if it still is?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: They have not announced anything regarding the theatrical release in theaters. 
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Do we anticipate one?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I’d rather leave that with Lucas. Right now, we’re looking at the animation, the television animation. We know that’s going to be coming and in terms of their marketing plans, that’s something that you’ve got to get from them. 
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and if I could sneak one more in there -- I know you are going to talk about Cranium on Friday, but was it profitable in 2007? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Let’s see -- their year ended March -- 
David Hargreaves: Well, I think what might have been profitable in us or them is very different to what is going to be the situation with Hasbro. As we go forward, we will resource their product into our supply chain, which has probably had some efficiencies. And some of the non-core game product that they developed, we may not carry forward with that and focus on that so much in ’08.  So I think if your question is do we anticipate it will be profitable and contribute to -- accretive to earnings per share for Hasbro in 2008, the answer is yes. 
Gerrick Johnson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That would have been my next question. Thank you. 
Operator: At this time, I’m showing no further calls. I’ll turn the call back over to your speaker for closing remarks. 
Karen A. Warren: Thank you, Shirley. I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call today. The replay of our call will be available on our website after 2:00 p.m. Thank you so much. 
Operator: That does conclude today’s call. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Warren - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Alfred J. Verrecchia - President, Chief Executive Officer,Director David Hargreaves - Chief Financial Officer, Executive VicePresident - Finance and Global Operations
Analysts: Shadona Paulit - Lehman Brothers  Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach Michael L. Savner - Banc of America  Anthony N. Gikas - Piper Jaffray Sean P. McGowan - Needham & Company Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia John Taylor - Arcadia Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets  Thomas Russo - Gardner, Russo, Gardner Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Hasbro's third quarter earningsconference call. (Operator Instructions) With us today from the company is theSenior Vice President of Investor Relations, Karen Warren. 
Karen Warren: Thank you, Shirley and good morning, everyone. Joining metoday are Al Verrecchia, President and Chief Executive Officer; and DavidHargreaves, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. To betterunderstand our third quarter results, it would be helpful to have the pressrelease and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The pressrelease includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed ontoday’s call and is available on our website at Hasbro.com.  We would also like to point out that on this call, wheneverwe discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per dilutedshare.  During the call this morning, Al will discuss key factorsimpacting our results and David will review the financials. We will then openthe call to your questions.  Before we begin, let me note that during this call and thequestion-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may makeforward-looking statements concerning management’s expectations, goals,objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may includecomments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance,business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations forachieving our objectives.  There are many factors that could cause actual results andexperience to differ materially from the anticipated results or otherexpectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of thosefactors are set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, in today’s pressrelease, and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-lookingstatements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after thedate of this call.  Now I would like to introduce Al Verrecchia. Al. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone and thank you forjoining us. Well, all is well here in New England. The Red Sox are in the WorldSeries, the Patriots are 7-0, and Hasbro had another good quarter. Butseriously, I hope you’ve all had a chance to read the press release we issuedearlier this morning. As you can see, we had another strong quarter, withrevenue up 18% from a year ago and operating profit up 27% to 17.1% of revenue. The strength of our business is broad-based, both in termsof geography and product categories. The North American segment was up 10% andthe international segment was up 33%, or 25% excluding the positive impact offoreign exchange. Our boys, girls, preschool and board game categories allperformed well in the quarter.  In the boys category, Transformers, Spider-man, and StarWars continued to do very well and remain the top three boys properties in theindustry. Box office for Transformers surpassed the $700 million mark globally,making it one of the top films this year. In addition, Paramount launched theTransformers DVD last week and initial retail sales have been fantastic. TheSpider-man 3 DVD will be released on October 30th. We expect both of these DVDsto bring even more kids into these franchises and help drive toy sales as wehead into the holiday season.  Let me take a moment to address a question that some havehad concerning the performance of the Marvel product line. The Marvel productline has performed very well year-to-date, exceeding the expectations we hadwhen we entered into the agreement. For the full year, Marvel could representas much as 8% to 10% of our worldwide revenue and it is delivering meaningfulprofitability.  Given this, I believe most would agree that there is littleor not financial risk associated with the Marvel agreement. We are pleased withthe year-to-date performance of the Marvel license and we are looking forwardto the next four years.  Star Wars continues to be a phenomena in the industry. It isa perennial in the category and continues to deliver significant volume, evenin non-movie years, something we expect to continue not only in the fourthquarter but in 2008 as well, given the release of the Star Wars animation.  Our girls category was up 33%, driven by growth in LittlestPet Shop, My Little Pony, Baby Alive, and Furreal Friends.  The preschool category was up 3%, primarily attributable tothe U.K. success of In the Night Garden, which began shipping in late July, andthe continued success of our Playskool Busy Basics product line.  The over games and puzzle category was down 2%, due tosoftness it the plug-and-play trading card games. However, traditional boardgames were up 14% in the quarter and 8% year-to-date, with a number of newgames performing well, including Monopoly Electronic Banking, Are You SmarterThan a Fifth Grader?, and the Game of Life: Twists and Turns.  Before closing, I want to comment on the recent recallsimpacting the toy industry. Normally, we wouldn’t comment on product recallsthat didn’t involve Hasbro. However, over the last several months, we havereceived numerous calls from government officials, analyst, investors,customers, and the media concerning the potential impact the recalls could haveon our business. So we felt it would be appropriate to answer those questionstoday.  I am going to borrow David’s popular Q&A format he usesso well at the analyst events. Beginning with the question why hasn’t Hasbrobeen impacted by the lead paint recalls, given that Hasbro manufacturersproducts in China? First of all, there is no issue more important to Hasbrothan the safety of our toys and the children who enjoy them and we are proud ofour safety record. In many instances, as is the case with lead paint, ourstandards are significant more stringent than the relevant legal standards.However, setting high standards is not enough. You need to have a very robusttesting and inspection process in place to ensure that the standards areadhered to.  In fact, many of the procedures that some companies have recentlyadopted or described as new are the very same procedures we’ve had in place formany years. We believe our high standards and robust testing inspectionprocedures have enabled us to avoid these recalls.  As a follow-on to this question, even though you’ve beenaffected by the recalls, is Hasbro doing anything differently? Yes. We’ve takenadditional steps to confirm that our procedures are being adhered to. We’veincreased the frequency of our product testing and we’ve stepped up inspectionsof all our products, both in our company-owned plans, as well as our vendors inChina.  Additionally, we have tested everything in the system and wedid not find any problems related to lead paint.  Next question; has any of the additional testing impactedHasbro's supply chain or resulted in increased costs? The cost of theadditional testing has not been material, nor have we experienced any delays indelivering our products to market.  Have the recalls impacted Hasbro's retail sales? That’ssomething that’s very difficult to quantify, given all the factors that couldimpact retail sales. However, as best as we can tell, we have not seen anymeasurable negative impact.  Lastly, do you think this is an industry-wide issue? No. Ithink the initial reaction of many observers, both in the press and the publicat large, was to view the recently reported lead paint safety issues as a Chinaor industry issue. However, I think people are now coming to realize thatcountries don’t make toys -- companies make toys. It’s the companies that areresponsible for testing and conducting inspections to ensure adherence to theapplicable safety standards.  Keep in mind the recalled products represent a very smallpercentage of the 3 billion toys sold in the United States each year. I’m nottrying to minimize the importance of the lead paint issue; I just think we needto keep this in perspective. However, I would agree the industry probably needsto do some work on repairing its public image.  Speaking for Hasbro, while it is not possible to say we willnever have a recall, we can assure you if there is a problem, we will addressit quickly, openly, and decisively, as we have done in the past.  I hope this has been helpful.  In closing, our strategy to grow core brands and ourinitiatives to improve operating margins are working. You can see it in thesuccess we’ve had with brands like Transformers, Littlest Pet Shop, My LittlePony, and Furreal Friends, along with the substantial improvement in ouroperating margin. We feel good about the strength of our business and areoptimistic about both the holiday season and 2008.  In addition to the brands that have been driving ourbusiness throughout the year, we have some great new innovative products and asalways, we’ll be very active on the advertising and promotional front.  Thank you for joining us. Now I will turn the call over toDavid to talk more about our third quarter results. David. 
David Hargreaves: Thanks, Al and good morning, everyone. I am very pleasedwith the results we are reporting today. For the quarter, we deliveredworldwide net revenues of $1.223 billion. This compares to $1.039 billion lastyear, an increase of 18% or $183.9 million.  In constant dollars, revenues were up 16%, or $161.5million. North American segment revenues were $822.7 million, an increase of$77.2 million, or 10% compared to last year’s $745.5 million.  North American operating profit for the quarter was $134million, or 16.3% of revenue, compared to $111.6 million, or 15% of revenue lastyear. The improvement primarily reflects the higher revenue, which was partlyoffset by higher royalties.  Revenues in the international segment were $374 million,compared to $280.4 million a year ago. The segment was up an impressive 33% inU.S. dollars and 25% in local currencies.  The international segment reported an operating profit of$57.6 million, compared to $43.2 million last year. The improvement isprimarily a function of higher revenue, partly offset by higher royalties andhigher advertising expense.  Now let’s take a look at earnings. For the quarter, wereported net earnings of $161.6 million, or $0.95 per share. The 2007 resultsfor the quarter include a favorable tax adjustment of $29.6 million, or $0.17per share. This adjustment related to previously unrecognized tax benefits forwhich the applicable statutes of limitations expired during the quarter.  Excluding the favorable tax adjustment, earnings were $132million, or $0.78 per share. This compares to $99.6 million, or $0.58 per sharein 2006. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization were$259.3 million compared to $192.6 million a year ago. Gross margin for thequarter was 57.4% compared to 55.6% a year ago. Gross margin benefited fromchanges in our product mix. As we have stated in the past, entertainment basedproduct lines typically have higher gross margins.  Now let’s take a look at expenses for the quarter. Royaltyexpense increased by $41.7 million to $93 million, also due to a shift in themix to more entertainment-based properties.  Research and product development expense declined marginallyto $43.5 million from $44.4 million a year ago. You may recall last year wespent additional development monies due to the compressed development times forthe Marvel line.  Advertising expense declined to 11.3% of revenue, althoughit did increase in absolute dollars from $126.8 million to $138.7 million.  SG&A expense at $199.1 million compared to $169.3million a year ago and was flat as a percent of revenue. The dollar increase isdue to a number of factors, including higher shipping and warehousing costsassociated with the higher sales volume, higher accruals for incentivecompensation and charitable giving, the impact of foreign exchange and general inflationaryincreases.  Other income for the quarter was $3.5 million compared to anexpense of $15.2 million a year ago. The 2006 results include a $19.8 millionunfavorable mark-to-market expense related to the Lucas warrants.  Excluding the favorable tax event that occurred in the thirdquarter, the year-to-date impact of the Lucas warrants and other discrete taxevents, our underlying 2007 Transformers was 32.3%, compared to the full year2006 underlying tax rate of 27.6%. The higher underlying rate for 2007 reflectsthe tax cost associated with returning a portion of current year internationalearnings to the U.S.  Now let’s turn to the balance sheet. At quarter end, cashtotaled $410.9 million, compared to $309.1 million a year ago, an increase of $101.8million.  In the last 12 months, we have generated over $460 millionin operating cash flow and we raised $350 million in cash through our recentdebt offering. However, this cash has been largely offset by significantpayments, including: exercising our rights to purchase the Lucas warrants for$200 million; paying $70 million to Marvel as part of our five-year agreement;returning $89.7 million to our shareholders in dividends; and lastly, $495million to repurchase 17.7 million shares of Hasbro stock.  Our receivables at $892.7 million were up $213.3 millioncompared to $679.4 million last year. The increase is a reflection ofsignificantly higher sales volume, changes in our product mix towards marketswith longer payment terms, and the impact of foreign exchange.  The change in mix is the primary driver for the increase inDSOs from 59 days to 66 days. The quality of our receivables remains excellent. Inventories increased to $395.5 million, compared to $312million a year ago, reflecting the growth and timing of our business this year,as well as the impact of foreign exchange.  At the end of the quarter, our debt-to-cap ratio was 39%,due to the recent $350 million debt issuance. A portion of this issuanceanticipates $135 million of our debt maturing in July of next year. Over themedium to longer term, we would expect our debt-to-cap ratio to be within ourstated target of 25% to 30%.  On August 2nd, the Board of Directors authorized the companyto repurchase an additional $500 million in common stock. During the quarter,the company repurchased approximately $12.9 million shares at a total cost of$362.1 million.  Since the resumption of our share buy-back program in 2005,we have spent over $1 billion to repurchase more than 41 million shares. Whenone takes into account the Lucas warrant transaction, we have spent over $1.2billion to retire approximately 57 million shares and warrants.  In closing, our buy-back program is clearly motivated by ourcommitment to create value for our shareholders. It reflects both oursignificant cash generation and our expectations for the business goingforward. Clearly we are having a great 2007 and we believe all the pieces arenow coming together for a great 2008. We look forward to sharing more about2008 at our upcoming analyst meeting in November, which will be webcasted.  With that, Al and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Felicia R.Hendrix. You may ask your question and please state your company name. 
Shadona Paulit -Lehman Brothers : This is actually [Shadona Paulit] for Felicia Hendrix. Justa couple of quick questions. Congratulations on a good quarter. Was Star Warsup in the quarter? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Star Wars was down in the quarter compared to a year ago butperformed very well during the quarter. 
Shadona Paulit -Lehman Brothers : Okay, was it down more than in Q2?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I don’t have that number handy, to be honest with you. 
Shadona Paulit -Lehman Brothers : Okay. In terms of Spider-man and Transformers shipments, doyou expect them to be higher in Q3 or Q4?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Higher than -- do you expect them to be higher in Q4 thanQ3? I’m not quite sure of your question. 
Shadona Paulit -Lehman Brothers : Do you expect to ship more in the fourth quarter than youdid in the third quarter?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: We’re not going to forecast individual product lines fromone quarter to another, but clearly Transformers and Marvel continue to do verywell and we’d expect them to do well in the fourth quarter. 
Shadona Paulit -Lehman Brothers : Okay. In terms of shelf space at retail, do you see anysignificant differences for the holidays this year than compared to last year?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Yes, we have more shelf space. Our shelf space has grownover the past season. 
Shadona Paulit -Lehman Brothers : Okay. In any specific categories?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Certainly in the girls categories, which are doing verywell, we’ve gained shelf space. The boys category, we’ve gained shelf space.Those are the two principal ones. We haven’t lost any shelf space. We’ve gainedsome space in the preschool area as well. 
Shadona Paulit -Lehman Brothers : Okay, and then just lastly, do you see any potential out ofstock issues, given your third quarter performance, for the holidays?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: It’s always possible in the sense of something takes off.Certainly we’re selling Transformers, Marvel, Star Wars will all continue to dowell, some of the Furreal line. So there’s some possibilities out there. Itjust depends what happens with a given promotion. 
Shadona Paulit -Lehman Brothers : Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Margaret Whitfield.You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: Good morning. Could you comment on the plug-and-playsegment, whether that will continue to be a drag in Q4? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Plug-and-play has not done very well for us this year and Idon’t have the numbers that we had last year. I don’t expect it is going topick up in the fourth quarter. How much of a drag, I’m not sure but it is not going to be -- it will continue todecline in the fourth quarter as well. 
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: I guess the board games [does seasonally] strong so maybethe overall category might pick up some?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Hopefully. We’ll see. 
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, and preschool has been doing great, a slowdown here --is it just shipment timing or what’s going on in preschool?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I hate to get into if you exclude X than there’s a balancethat’s good, but I think what’s happening in the Playskool category is lastyear during the third and in particular the fourth quarter, we shipped a lot ofT.J. Bearytales, which quite frankly hasn’t worked for us, and that’s beenpulling the preschool category down. I think without the decline of T.J.Bearytales, we’d be even stronger in the preschool category. 
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: Given the recalls and all the publicity, could you commenton what overall toy sales at retail have been like thus far this fall?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Are you talking for Hasbro or the industry?
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: Either or, or both. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Our sales, our retail sales have been strong all year.They’ve been up double digits. They continue to be up double digits, althoughit has been a soft retail environment during the last month or two. So I thinkfrom an overall retail perspective, it’s been a bit soft. I know apparel iscertainly down but our business has been strong and we are very optimisticabout the fourth quarter. 
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: When you say soft retail, are you talking about toys or ingeneral? Or could you be specific?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I think in general and I think toys has felt some of thatoverall weakness as well. If I look at it from an industry perspective --again, our business has been strong and it continues to be strong. Would ithave been stronger with a stronger retail environment? I suppose so but again,we’ve been up double digits and continue to be double digits, so it is hard tosay. 
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: And a competitor has commented that they might have to spendmore for “demand creation”. Do you expect to do the same here in the holidayperiod?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Well, we are certainly going to be very active during theholiday period. I mean, that’s the key selling season at retail for toy andgame companies, so we have a lot of activities planned both from an advertisingand in-store promotional activity, so we are going to be very active. 
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: Any pick-up in your plan, given the recalls? Have youincreased it?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I don’t think we’ve increased our promotional activity as aresult of the recalls. We’ve got a pretty active program planned and we haven’tseen any fall-off in our business, any measurable fall-off, anyway, as a resultof the recall, so again, that’s kind of hard to measure. 
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: Just finally, you’re in -- a partnership with ElectronicArts was announced after the Q2 call. Could you comment as to what this maymean for Hasbro in ’08?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Well, ’08 is going to be the first year where we are actuallyseeing product delivered by Electronic Arts and we’re going to talk a bit moreabout that at the upcoming analyst event in November, but we’ve seen some ofthe initial products that they are working on and we are very excited aboutwhat we see coming down the road in 2008, and that’s going to come in ’08,although ’08 will still be a ramp-up year, so I think as you see ’08, it’s ’09and ’10, they’ll get even stronger as more and more product comes into themarketplace. 
Margaret B. Whitfield- Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Thanks again, Al. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Savner. Youmay ask your question and please state your company name.
Michael L. Savner -Banc of America : Thanks. Good morning. Sorry to make you answer that samequestion, guys. I want to make sure I understood it correctly. So in terms ofMargaret’s question about marketing spending in the fourth quarter, you don’tanticipate spending more than you typically would in a seasonally high period,because you are not seeing much push-back. Did I interpret that correctly?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: We are going to be very, very active in the quarter. Whenyou say are we spending more because of recalls, I don’t think so. Are wespending more than last year? Yes, so we will be more active this year thanlast year but we had planned that all year long. We are not doing anythingsubstantially different as a result of product recall, so -- 
Michael L. Savner -Banc of America : That helps, thanks. And then, just to again keep on topic ofrevisiting things you’ve already talked about, we’re hearing and some of yourcompetitors are talking about some hesitation, some anxiety on the part ofretailers, given the recalls. It doesn’t sound like you are getting the feelingfrom any of your retail partners that they are going to slow down and take await-and-see attitude, or do you think that is part of what’s been driving asyou’ve just said, a slightly softer retail environment in the last month ortwo? Are those two issues related, in your mind?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I think -- you know, I’ve been in this industry a long timeand every year at this time, retailers and manufacturers get anxious about theholiday season. Certainly I think some of the larger economic factors out thereare likely to have a more significant impact on retail sales and recalls,unless something where to happen over the next couple of weeks. So I would bemore concerned about the price of oil and things of that nature than I wouldabout the recalls impacting sales.  As we talk to retailers, yes, they are anxious about theholiday season. Am I anxious about it? You know, you pick up the paper andpeople are forecasting it to be the worst holiday season in five years, yeah,you worry about that. On the other hand, when I pick up our reports and I lookat the way our product is selling, our product continues to do very well.  So there is always anxiousness going on. We are alwayslooking to make sure we are -- that we’ll be active and aggressive during theholiday season and I think probably over the next several weeks, when some ofthese retailers will be dropping catalogs, we’ll get a good feel as to how theconsumer really is going to be in the holiday season. 
Michael L. Savner -Banc of America : Great, and then just one last specific one on theTransformers; not unexpectedly, it’s done very well this year. To what extentdo you think maybe some of the success have been front-end loaded in 2Q and 3Q,and how do you feel about what the inventory that’s out there in the channel,or do you feel that that’s not a fair assessment that the demand has beenrelatively linear and you are comfortable that it is going to continue into thefourth quarter?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Well, certainly when the movie came out or right after themovie, you get a spike in sales but the demand for Transformers continues to bevery, very high and continues to grow. Keep in mind we just, or Paramount justlaunched a DVD, and like I said a few moments ago, the initial sales have beenfantastic, so we’re seeing a pick-up there as well. So I think Transformers isgoing to be strong throughout the holiday season and I expect it to be prettystrong in 2008, because we have a lot of new product coming and there are a lotof kids that have come back into the franchise.  We’ve got animated TV going on with Transformers that Ibelieve breaks in the first quarter, so we are excited about the brand and wehave not seen any fall-off, other than that peak they get right at the movieand then it levels off at a pretty high level. And from that level, it’s beengrowing right along. 
Michael L. Savner -Banc of America : Terrific. Thanks, Al. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tony Gikas. You mayask your question and please state your company name.
Anthony N. Gikas -Piper Jaffray: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. A couple of questions; Ijust want to go back to the retail environment and the shelf space question.Just for the industry wide, are you seeing from Wal-Mart and Target anyexpansion in shelf space for the category this year, or perhaps less?  Second question, I have been getting some questions fromsome investors regarding the video game segment and do you expect the stronggrowth that that category is experiencing this year at much higher price pointscould have some impact to traditional toy sales? And then, third question, could you just give us a littlebit more color on the tax benefit, what that was in the quarter? Is there moreof that to come and what should we be using for tax rates going forward? And the last one’s a housekeeping, just the share count atthe end of the quarter. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I’m going to let David take the last two in a moment. Interms of shelf space overall, I don’t believe that the major retailers areallocating significantly more or less shelf space to toys in their stores. Iknow we’re getting more space but I don’t know that Wal-Mart or Target haveactually changed the amount of shelf space from ’06 to ’07.  In terms of the video game business and its impact on toysales, you know, we get this every so many years. It depends upon obviously thesuccess of specific video games out there. We’ve been competing with them formany years now and I think it always has some impact, just like a hot toyproduct can have impact in a given year.  I don’t see the success in the video game business havingany meaningful negative impact on our business either in the boys business orin the games business. We see softness in the plug-and-play category in ourbusiness but I don’t think that has anything to do with the videogame business. And then David, do you want to talk about the tax benefit?
David Hargreaves: The tax benefit is clearly in earlier years, we had madesome provisions for potential taxes which didn’t arise, so therefore we arereversing those provisions and it was $30 million. And no, we are not expectingany further impact related to that.  Also during the quarter, we made a decision that we wouldrepatriate about $90 million of earnings from overseas, and these earnings hadbeen made in countries with lower tax rates, and therefore, we had to take anadditional tax charge, recognizing that we would repatriate, bringing it up tothe U.S. federal rate. That took our underlying rate up from -- we’ve beenplanning at about 28% this year. It’s taken up to sort of 32.3, and as weadjusted our rate, we had to adjust it for the three quarters year-to-date sofar because we do it on an accrual basis. So that was probably in about $14million to $15 million, but it is not a discrete, one-time event. It is part ofour ongoing business.  Going forward, we will -- each year we will sit down andlook at our requirements at the beginning of the year to work out if we need torepatriate current year earnings from overseas or not. We certainly have noplans to repatriate prior year earnings at this time, at this point in time.  And finally, regarding the share count, at the end of thequarter our shares outstanding were $149.6 million. 
Anthony N. Gikas -Piper Jaffray: Okay. Great job. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sean McGowan. You mayask your question and please state your company name.
Sean P. McGowan -Needham & Company: A couple of questions; one, David, on royalty rates, werethey -- on any of these license properties, was the rate applied to the revenuein the quarter consistently with what it had been before, or was there anychange?
David Hargreaves: No, we’re applying royalty rates consistent with thecontractual terms. 
Sean P. McGowan -Needham & Company: Looking at -- I appreciate the comments regardingSpider-man, Al, or just Marvel in general, being maybe in excess of yourexpectations. It would seem certainly relative to Transformers but even inabsolute terms, that maybe Spider-man didn’t meet retailers’ expectations, justbased on the amount of shelf space and the amount of products still out there.  Can you tell us if you expect this to have any impact ontheir appetite for Iron Man and Hulk in 2008? And what are generally yourexpectations for those properties, relative to the ones you’ve seen so far fromMarvel?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: You know, it’s interesting; there were a lot of people whenwe entered into the Marvel agreement that just sort of said, okay, it’sSpider-man and maybe there’s Hulk and there’s some other movies, but didn’treally ascribe much value to some of the other properties.  That’s changed dramatically as we’ve now been able to seesome snippets and footage from both Iron Man and Hulk, and as we begin to showthat to our retailers, we’re really excited about Iron Man and Hulk in 2008. Wethink they are going to be meaningful properties.  I certainly don’t think they are necessarily going to be atthe level of a Transformers or a Spider-man, but we are very excited and ourretailers are looking at Iron Man and Hulk entirely differently than they mighthave been a year ago.  In addition to that, we’ve got the Indiana Jones movie fromLucas coming, so from that perspective, we are pretty excited about ’08 andsome of the newness we have and I think that Spider-man and Transformers andStar Wars will still be strong. They may be down, obviously, from a movie yearbut they will still be very strong in ’08. 
Sean P. McGowan -Needham & Company: And last question, probably for David, what was the timingof the actual payment to Lucas during the quarter? I presume that this is thelast we’ll have to make an adjustment for that?
David Hargreaves: The actual payment on the warrants was actually in thesecond quarter. 
Sean P. McGowan -Needham & Company: So why was the expense then taken in the third?
David Hargreaves: It wasn’t. The only reference to a Lucas mark-to-market wasreferencing the third quarter of ’06. 
Sean P. McGowan -Needham & Company: Oh, I’m sorry. I misread the press release. Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Conder. You mayask your question and please state your company name.
TimothyA. Conder - Wachovia:
Alfred J. Verrecchia: David will take you through the input costs. I’ll talk alittle bit about the girl category. Our business has been very strong. When wetalk about girls, we’re talking about My Little Pony, Littlest Pet Shop, BabyAlive, Furreal Friends. Certainly the small dolls category, which is the MyLittle Pony Pet Shop has been very strong for us. As I said, our businessoverall in the girls category is up 33%. Baby Alive continues to do very well,as does Furreal Friends.  I think some of the softness in the girl category, you know,as opposed to a specific brand, has probably been more in the larger -- thelarge doll, fashion doll category as opposed to the small doll category. Butagain, you’ll have to talk to competitors as to what they mean by that.  We have not seen any softness certainly in the girlsproducts that we’ll involved with.  David, the input costs?
David Hargreaves: In terms of input costs, certainly they are trending up. Acouple of things, which I pointed out before, that resin costs don’t move in ahigh correlation with the price of oil. It depends on a lot of other factors,including the amount of capacity in the industry at the time, so the price ofoil has certainly been trending up in recent months. Resin hasn’t been trendingup nearly as significantly.  In addition, I think we have to remember that of every 100units of revenue we get, our cost of goods sold is only about 42% of that andthe cost of resins is only about 4.5 percentage points of that, so we have toput it in perspective because there’s a lot of other components and a lot ofother costs that we have, other than just resins.  In terms of how far do we look in, we basically once we costand fit a new product into our line, our suppliers, our vendors give us theirprice, which is good for the practical life of that product. Now certainly, weturn over a lot of products every year, so each year when they give us newquotes for the new line for the coming year, they factor in the latestcommodity, exchange rates, and labor costs. So we are kind of updating andfactoring those cost assumptions in on an ongoing basis. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia: Okay, and again, David, your commentary on percentages wererelated to resins. How does that look again -- and I guess you are talkingabout the shipping factored all into that when your contracts will costcollectively, your latter comment -- is that correct?
David Hargreaves: Yes, what I’m saying is we look at our costs for thepractical life of a product, so for carryover products, we’re not expecting anycost increases and for new products, we don’t specifically have to take priceincreases as such, because the new products are costed using the most recentcommodity, labor, shipping, cost factors and exchange rate cost factors, socertainly as we price our new line, we are looking to maintain our margins.  So year over year, will a like-to-like item be priced a bithigher to reflect commodity costs? Yes, it will. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia: And at the Dallas show, were there some -- did you addressthose looking into the ’08 period, or will those be addressed as we look moreinto the first quarter for Christmas holiday ’08?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: We don’t participate in the Dallas show. We have our ownprivate showing here in Rhode Island. In fact, we are in the midst of thatright now and we’ve been doing that for about the last 20 years. Certainly thisis the time of year, not necessarily at this show, when everyone is talkingabout pricing and things of that nature. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia: Okay, and I guess the last question I had to follow-up on aprevious one, can you give us any dollar amounts, as you’ve done in the past,related to Star Wars in the quarter or year-to-date? And the same thing forSpider-man and Transformers?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Well, we are not going to give individual lines in thequarter. Whatever we do have to do will come out when we issue the 10-Q. Thereis no question that Transformers had significant volume in the quarter versus ayear ago, as did Marvel. Star Wars, while it was down in the quarter, it wasn’tdown by a lot compared to the third quarter of last year, and that’s sort ofwhere it is right now. We are not going to give individual numbers, other thanwhat we would put into the 10-Q. 
Timothy A. Conder - Wachovia: Okay. Thank you, gentlemen. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Taylor. You mayask your question and please state your company name.
John Taylor - Arcadia: Congratulations. So I want to follow up on the line ofquestion about cost as well. The authorities in China have tightened updramatically the export license requirements and I’m wondering whether you guysare anticipating any sort of industry-wide reduction in capacity in China thatmight have an unusual impact on cost negotiations this year. Let me approach itfrom that side. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: No, we have not had any indication that there is going to bea reduction in the capacity because individual vendors are not able to getexport licenses. Now, I suspect that could happen with C-level vendors, butcertainly the people that we have been using have not indicated any difficulty,nor have we experienced any difficulty thus far I getting our product tomarket, so we are not looking at any capacity issues as it relates to theimport licensing and factors not being able to operate. 
John Taylor - Arcadia: And consequently no unusual pressure on costs, such thatfactories might be able to catch up on some repressed inflation from previousyears, anything like that?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: No, I think as David said, the costing will be based uponcurrent commodity costs, current labor costs, and certainly there are pressuresthere that we have every year and have been growing and as David said, weincorporate that into our pricing. 
John Taylor - Arcadia: Okay, great and then last question, on electronics; with theEA agreement, does this change the priority of your trying to develop the kidselectronics business? In other words, do they take over a greater burden ofthat? I wonder if you could talk about how that affects your approach to theelectronics category. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: No, you mean products like -- that we did before, such as aniDog and VideoNow and some of the other electronics products we’ll continue todo. In fact, I think there is a strong possibility that the relationship withEA would really enhance our ability to do some of those products as we would bepartnering with them on some of those things, and we have a few things that weare working on now with them where we’ll partner with them on electronic toys,so I don’t see us moving away from that because of the EA agreement -- not atall. 
John Taylor - Arcadia: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gerrick Johnson. Youmay ask your question and please state your company name.
Gerrick L. Johnson -BMO Capital Markets: Following up on one of Tim’s questions, without breaking outsales in each particular category, per se, or each particular line per se, canyou give us an idea of what sales growth would have been like in the quarterexcluding the movie properties, Transformers and the Marvel movies?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: No, we wouldn’t go into that level of detail. I can tell youcertainly that as I said earlier in the conference call, we’ve seen growth inthe girls category of about 33%. We had growth in the category on the overallpreschool business of about 3%. Our board game business was up 14%. The totalgames business was down 2% and that’s because of the decline in both theinteractive and some of the trading card game businesses.  Now obviously within those categories you have individualproducts that go up and down, but that’s -- we’ve had growth across a number ofcategories, although I’m not going to give you individual dollar amounts. 
Gerrick L. Johnson -BMO Capital Markets: Outside of those specific categories that you mentioned havedone well, what was probably the biggest surprise for you on the upside,outside of Transformers, Spider-man, those things?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: The biggest surprise on the upside, I think probably, in allhonesty, it’s the broad-based growth we’ve had. We certainly expected LittlestPet Shop to be strong. It did stronger than I think we thought it was going tobe, but you are always sort of forecasting how good can something be, and youcan be pleasantly surprised there. But outside of the boys category, I thinkthe overall strength in the girls category, while we knew we had it, I don’tthink we would have forecasted 33% for the quarter.  I think the fact that our board game business is up 14% is apleasant surprise for us and the strength of the electronic version ofMonopoly, as well as the Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader, are certainlypleasant surprises for us. 
David Hargreaves: I think also we were pleasantly surprised by the strength ofour international business, up 33% overall. And we if look at outside ofEurope, if we look at our emerging markets, we are probably up 40%year-on-year, so I think we are very, very pleased with how well international,particularly the emerging markets, are doing. 
Gerrick L. Johnson -BMO Capital Markets: Great, and last question, you did mention you are beginningto show 2008 lines to buyers. I was just wondering how you think they areapproaching 2008, given the relative softness we’re seeing just in general inthe current toy market. Any changes to their outlook for next year or anything thatyou’ve noticed there?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: No, and I think it would be early in the sense that theyneed to get through this holiday season to see what kind of a season they have.They have the jitters at this time of year, like they do every year. Looking atour line, they are very excited about what they see in our line and they’vebeen very positive in that regard, but I think as an overall comment, I thinkit’s a bit early in terms of their expectations for ’08, because we are justentering the holiday season. 
David Hargreaves: I think going into the year with toy buyers and the toypeople that run the toy departments, we’ll be looking to anniversary thestrength that we had this year from the movie related properties, and I thinkwe’re looking forward to trying to do that. 
Gerrick L. Johnson -BMO Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas Russo. Youmay ask your question and please state your company name.
Thomas Russo -Gardner, Russo, Gardner: First, congratulations. Let’s see, continuing John Taylor’squestion about the involvement with Electronic Arts and your own activities inelectronic toys, to what extent do you think Electronic Arts will help you withyour developing a platform for social networking, much like we read aboutBarbiesgirls.com and other social network sites? Will the products that gothrough EA have that capacity to generate multiple layers of revenues? And ifso, will you participate in those?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: I’ll let David talk about the financial side of it but interms of where they can help us, I mean, clearly they know that space and soanything that we do in that area with our brands we’ll do with them. I thinkthat their knowledge of the space, coupled with our knowledge of kids, is goingto be very beneficial to us and clearly there are things that we’re doingbefore that we used to do individually that we will now do with them.  Some of those things will actually impact the economics ofthe deal but a lot of it will just be being able to understand the marketplacebetter by talking with them, just as they will understand the kids market andsome of the opportunities that we would have with their brands that they’ll getfrom us.  But they won’t necessarily all be reflected in economics.David, do you want to -- 
David Hargreaves: I think there’s a huge opportunity. Clearly the growth inthe digital gaming business isn’t coming so much with the hardcore, 14 to [34-year]old gamer. There’s a lot of growth in the -- an increasing rate of growth inthe casual gamer, families and children. And with our brands and EA'scapabilities and their commitment to growing in this area, we think we can dowell across all platforms -- and by all platforms, certainly [inaudible], thatdivision, we will be doing a lot in the cell phone gaming. Certainly [by their]Pogo subscription-based site, we’ll be doing a lot in terms of Internet gaming. We’ll certainly be doing console-based games, particularlyfor -- as they become more family-oriented, like the Nintendo Wii has openedthat up to a much bigger demographic, a lot more families and kids playing.  I think the [Dream Screen] and the handheld devices, we’relooking for a lot of product in those areas. And finally, when you talk aboutsocial networking, you are talking about things like light persistent stateworlds, like Webkins, like Club Penguin, like Second Life, and we will bedeveloping over time entries into that area.  And in terms of the revenues, yes, we would be looking forrevenues from microtransactions, from subscriptions, as well as normalroyalties on the basis of sales. So we are looking over multiple platforms andmultiple revenue formats in this rapidly growing area over the next few years. 
Thomas Russo - Gardner,Russo, Gardner: Thank you so much. And then, David, on the share repurchase,can you just bring us up to date as to how much you’ve retired, but averageprice, over the past say couple of years, two or three years? And then talkabout the future plans for share repurchase and what that might have on sharperreduction in shares outstanding now that there’s no more overhang, Lucas andother dilutions?
David Hargreaves: I think, as we said, we’ve not spent over $1 billion toretire 41 million shares, and if you add in the Lucas payment and the warrants,then it’s $1.2 billion and we’ve retired 57 million shares and warrants.  Clearly, although we have great cash flow generation, about$450 million in the last 12 months, we can’t continue the level of sharerepurchase that we are doing over recent, over the last couple of years.  We had more cash on our balance sheet than we needed a whileago and I think we’ve been purchasing aggressively, so will we be as aggressivego forward? Probably not. I’m not sure we generate enough cash to keep that up.But we certainly have $240 million left on our current authorization and wecertainly expect to generate a lot of cash over the next two to three years andwe will be in the market, as you can imagine, and continue to buy stock back. 
Thomas Russo -Gardner, Russo, Gardner: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Dean Gianoukos.You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Dean M. Gianoukos -J.P. Morgan : Hi, this is actually Gopal in for Dean at J.P. Morgan. Acouple of quick questions, I’m not sure if you addressed them already, butTransformers, was it up sequentially for the quarter?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Hold on a second. 
Dean M. Gianoukos -J.P. Morgan : And the same question for Spider-man 2, actually. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Spider-man 2 I don’t believe is up sequentially for thequarter. Transformers -- 
David Hargreaves:  I don’t thinkTransformers is either. Remember, during the second quarter we shipped in --
Alfred J. Verrecchia: We shipped a lot for the movie. 
David Hargreaves: A lot of Transformers in for the launch of the movie. 
Dean M. Gianoukos -J.P. Morgan : I didn’t mean Spider-man 2, I meant Spider-man -- 
David Hargreaves: Three. 
Dean M. Gianoukos -J.P. Morgan : Yeah, right. 
David Hargreaves: No, sequentially quarter to quarter, our shipments of Marvelproducts, including Spider-man, would have been probably marginally down.
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Yes, but just marginally. I would almost say that they areprobably flat, but -- flat to marginally down. 
Dean M. Gianoukos -J.P. Morgan : Okay, and Transformers was marginally down, too?
Alfred J. Verrecchia: Transformers was probably flat with the second quarter,maybe up a tad. But flat -- for all intents and purposes, flat. 
Dean M. Gianoukos -J.P. Morgan : Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’ll the call back over to KarenWarren for closing remarks. 
Karen Warren: Thank you, Shirley. I would like to thank everyone forjoining us on the call today. The replay will be available on our website after2:00 p.m. Thank you and have a good day. 
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for yourparticipation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-23 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Karen A. Warren - Sr. VP of IR   Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and CEO   David D. R. Hargreaves - EVP, Finance and Global Operations and CFO 
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Inc.   Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities LLC   Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.   Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.   Anthony N. Gikas - Piper Jaffray & Co.   Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (US)   David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation   Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.   Timothy A. Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.   John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corp. 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Hasbro's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded, if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.  With us today from the Company is Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Karen Warren. 
Karen A. Warren - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Shirley and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Al Verrecchia, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Hargreaves, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  To better understand our second quarter results, it would be helpful to have the press release and financial tables available that we issued earlier today. The press release includes information regarding non-GAAP financial measures discussed in today's call and it is available on our website at hasbro.com.  We would also like to point out that on this call whenever we discuss earnings per share or EPS, we're referring to earnings per diluted share. During the call this morning, Al will discuss key factors impacting our results and David will review the financials. We will then open the call to your questions.  Before we begin, let me note that during this call and the question-and-answer session that follows, members of Hasbro management may make forward-looking statements concerning management's expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These forward-looking statements may include comments concerning our product plans, anticipated product performance, business opportunities and strategies, financial goals and expectations for achieving our objective.  There are many factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Some of those factors are set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and today's press release and in our other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.  Now I would like to introduce Al Verrecchia. Al? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Karen. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Although it's only the first half and we have a lot more business to do, it's hard not to be pleased with our year-to-date performance. Second quarter revenues increased 31%. That's on top of a 34% increase in the first quarter.  Second quarter operating profit improved substantially from the prior year, as did net earnings excluding the mark-to-market adjustments associated with the repurchase of the Lucas warrants. And I know many of you will be pleased that with Hasbro's repurchase of the warrants in May, this is the final mark-to-market adjustment.  Clearly, revenue growth has been strong. But more importantly, it's been balanced both in terms of product lines and geography. Second quarter revenue growth for the North American and international segments were 24% and 49% respectively, driven in part by good performances from a number of our brands, including LITTLEST PET SHOP, PLAYSKOOL, NERF, BABY ALIVE and a number of board games.  On the entertainment front, TRANSFORMERS, SPIDERMAN and STAR WARS, all made significant contribution to the quarter. The TRANSFORMERS movie opened on July period was an unprecedented six and a half day opening for a non-sequel movie, setting new records at the box office with revenues of $155.4 million domestically and $93.6 million internationally. Box office revenues since this past weekend amounted to over $400 million globally, and the movie has yet to open in the U.K., Germany, France or Japan. By all measures, TRANSFORMERS had been an unqualified box office success.  As delighted as we are with the box office, the success of this movie is about taking the TRANSFORMERS franchise to the next level by Hasbro. Since we launched the movie related product line in early June, retail sales have been strong around the globe. If we look at one key indicator of sales action figures, U.S. retail sell through has already exceeded 3 million units since the launch, complementing our extensive product line of toys and games, our over 240 licensing partners that we are working with around the globe.  In addition to the TRANSFORMER cell phone game from Glu Mobile and the highly regarded video game from Activision, you will see TRANSFORMERS on back-to-school merchandise, apparel, bedding, footwear and many other accessories. This is all part of our strategy to broadening the reach of our brand and taking them to a new level.  Another franchise that is expected to be one of the top performers in the boy's category this year is SPIDER-MAN 3. Since the strong opening at the box office in early May, there's been a lot written about whether or not toy sales are meeting expectations. First of all, it does depend upon whose expectations you are talking about. And while I am not going to get into a discussion about our expectations for individual product lines, I will say that if we look at domestic retail sales since the launch week SPIDER-MAN 3 has significantly outperformed SPIDER-MAN2 for the comparable period. As we head into the fall, the expected release of the TRANSFORMERS and SPIDER-MAN 3 DVDs should provide us with an additional opportunity to drive sales of the brands in the all important fourth quarter.  Finally, when we think about the potential long term success of both the SPIDER-MAN and TRANSFORMER franchises, it's hard not to get excited about the potential for different movies with these properties. And of course, STAR WARS continues to exceed everyone's expectations.  May I take a moment to talk about the games business? Overall, the games business is performing about as expected. Traditional board games were up 3% year-over-year, although the games and puzzles category was essentially flat due to the declines in the DUEL MASTERS trading card game and plug and play games. However, the game business is heavily weighted to the back half of the year, with over 60% of board games being sold in the fourth quarter. To that end, in July, we began shipping Are you Smarter than a Fifth Grader. It's a great game that really captures the essence of the television show and is doing very well at retail.  In addition, we have a number of other new games planned for this year including, GAME OF LIFE TWISTS & TURNS, LITTLEST PET SHOP game, Electronic CATCH PHRASE Music and CANDY LAND CASTLE. Also shipping this fourth in the toy side is the POWER TOUR GUITAR, the ROSE PETAL Cottage, The PEYTON MANNING NERF FOOTBALL and SQUAWKERS McCAW, our talking parrot. These are just a few examples of what's coming in the second half as we have many new initiatives planned for each of our major product category.  We had a great first half and while we expected the revenue growth for the year to be front-end loaded given the release of the TRANFORMERS and SPIDER-MAN 3 movies, we do expect to grow the business in the second half, although not at the levels achieved in the first and second quarters.  In closing, we feel very good about our business. As we enter the all important second half, we have a lot of momentum given the broad-based strength of our product line and are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. Thank you for joining us.  Now I will turn the call over to David to talk more about the details of our second quarter results. David? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Al and good morning everyone. I am very pleased with the results we are reporting today. For the quarter, we delivered worldwide net revenues of $691.4 million, compared to $527.8 million last year; an increase of 31% to our $163.6 million.  In constant dollars, revenues were up 29% or $151.5 million. The strength in our business was broad-based. We've a number of product categories up significantly year-over-year. Free School business was up a strong 19%, driven by the continued success of our PLAYSKOOL brand. The boys business more than doubled with shipments of TRANSFORMERS and SPIDER-MAN 3 movie-related product lines. The girls' category was up a strong 21%, with significant growth from LITTLEST PET SHOP, BABY ALIVE and our FUR REAL FRIENDS line. The tweens business was up 5%, with the NERF and SUPER SOAKER brands performing well.  Lastly, while games and puzzles were essentially flat year-over-year, the board games business grew 3% compared to a year ago.  North American segment revenues were $449.4 million compared to $362 million last year, an increase of $87.4 million or 24%. North American operating profit for the quarter was $41.8 million or 9.3% of revenue compared to $30.4 million or 8.4% of revenue last year. The improvement is primarily a reflection of the higher revenue, which was partly offset by higher royalties and a $10.4 million provision related to the EASY BAKE oven products recall announced last week.  Revenues in the International segment were $227.6 million compared to $153.2 million a year ago. The segment was up an impressive 49% in U.S. dollars and 41% in local currencies. The International segment reported an operating profit of $11.3 million compared to a loss of $8.1 million last year. The improvement is primarily a function of a higher revenue.  Now let's take a look at earnings. For the second quarter, we reported net earnings of $4.8 million or $0.03 per share. Excluding the $36.5 million mark-to-market expense on the Lucas warrants, earnings were $41.3 million or $0.24 per share, and this compares to $27.1 million or $0.07 per share in 2006. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization were $68 million compared to $76.8 million a year ago. The decrease year-over-year is primarily due of the impact of the Lucas mark-to-market on earnings.  Gross margin for the quarter was 60.5% compared to 60.1% a year ago. Gross margin was negatively impacted by obsolescence and other costs related to the EASY BAKE oven recall.  Now let's take a look at expenses for the quarter. Royalty expense increased by $32.3 million to $62.5 million, as our business this quarter is heavily weighted to entertainment-based properties. Research and product development expense marginally declined to $38.8 million compared to $39.6 million a year ago. Advertising expense year-over-year was relatively flat on a percentage of revenue basis, although it did increase in absolute dollars from $60.5 million to $79 million or 11.4% of revenue.  SG&A expense at $164.5 million or 23.8% of revenue compares to $147.4 million or 27.9% of revenue a year ago. The dollar increase is due to a number of factors including higher shipping and warehousing cost associated with the higher sales volume, incentive compensation accruals, the impact of foreign exchange and inflationary increases. The decrease in percentage terms reflects the leveraging of our fixed cost price.  Other expense for the quarter was $27.2 million and included the $36.5 million unfavorable mark to-market expense to the Lucas warrants. This compared to a $15.3 million favorable mark to-market a year ago. I am sure you are as delighted as I am that there are no longer any Lucas warrants and therefore, no future mark-to-market adjustments. Excluding the impact of the Lucas warrants and other discrete tax events, our underlying 2007 tax rate was 28.1% compared to our 2006 full year underlying tax rate of 27.6.  Now let's turn to the balance sheet. At quarter-end, cash and short term investments were $525.6 million compared to an aggregate of $499.7 million a year ago. In the last 12 months, we have generated in excess of $400 million in operating cash grow. While the amount of cash flow is significant, we have made a number of large cash payments in 2007, including exercising our rights to purchase for Lucas warrants for $200 million, paying $70 million to MARVEL as part of our 5-year agreement, utilizing approximately $94 million to repurchase 3.2 million shares of Hasbro's stock and lastly, so far this year, we have returned $45 million to our shareholders in dividends.  Our receivables of $417.7 million were up a $127.2 million compared to $290.5 million last year, reflecting both the significantly higher sales volume and changes in our sales mix towards markets with longer payment terms. This change in mix also accounts for the change in day sales outstanding, increasing from 50 days to 54 days in 2007.  Inventories increased to $352.5 million compared to $258.5 million a year ago, reflecting both the growth and the timing of our business this year. So at the end of the quarter, our debt to cap ratio was 27% and remains well within our 25% to 30% debt to cap target.  In closing, having delivered a very successful first half, we're now focused on delivering a strong second half, laying the foundation for future revenue growth and maintaining the financial discipline that has allowed us to significantly improve profitability and create value for our shareholders. With that, Al and I would be happy to take your questions. 
Question And Answer:
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Felicia Hendrix. You may ask your question and please state your company name. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Inc.: Hi Lehman Brothers. Good morning guys. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Felicia. 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Inc.: Just first a couple of housekeeping, just for the EASY BAKE recall what was that impact to EPS? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: David? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Essentially it was $0.04. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Inc.: $0.04, okay. And then the foreign exchange impact to EPS? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: The foreign exchange impact on EPS was minimum. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Inc.: Minimum, okay. And then, if I understand this correctly, if the TRANSFORMERS movie was going to hit certain threshold, you guys were going to be able to participate in some of the box office. Is that correct, and if so, I was wondering if those hurdles have been hit or in plans to hit? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think when we announced the movie, we indicated that we were not financing any of the movie in that, but we retained all of the merchandising rights. So for the most part, Hasbro makes its money in selling toys, games and all of the licensing income. The studio gets its money obviously from the box office. There is a bit of participation on the part of Hasbro in the net as there is a bit of participation from the studio and some of the licensing. But for the most part, we are going to make our money on the sales of toys, games and licensing revenue. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Inc.: Again good at avoiding these questions. And then -- 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: We do have very small percentage in AO [ph] it's too early to tell. 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: At this time, we are not anticipating any thing material. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Inc.: Okay, okay. And then SPIDER-MAN, was it profitable in the quarter? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Felicia R. Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Inc.: Okay great. Hey good quarter, thanks a lot. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Savner. You may ask your question, and please state your company name 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities LLC: Good morning. Bank of America. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Michael. 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities LLC: Hey good morning. Just a couple of more questions on SPIDER-MAN just to get some more granularity, I think you said that sales had exceeded that of SPIDER-MAN 2, I assume you are talking in retail, just want to confirm that? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's true. 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities LLC: Okay. And then due to the comparable metric on retail sales for SPIDER-MAN 3 versus SPIDER-MAN 1 and kind of your comfort with pipeline inventory heading into the falls, you feel like you are adequately staffed, if you think that there is going to be pent up demand or if there is probably more than enough to get you there and then I have one follow up? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: I just don't have the number in terms of SPIDER-MAN 3 versus SPIDER-MAN 1 so I can't answer that. When you talk inventory, were you referring to overall or just with SPIDER-MAN? 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities LLC: Just with Spider-Man. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are in good shape there. 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities LLC: Meaning there is enough in the channel. There won't be... there won't be outage, you are not concern about --? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: about shipping, so I am not concerned about the level of inventory in the channel nor with our ability to hit our forecast for the year. 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities LLC: Perfect thanks. And then the second question, assuming that DreamWorks just going to want to pick up their option for TRANSFORMERS 2, what is the... what can you disclose about timing of when that movie could come to market, is that an '09 event or is that probably too soon? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's too soon to say, I mean I think everyone is excited about TRANSFORMERS 2, but no date has been set as yet, yes. 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities LLC: Do they have any kind of limit, by which time they have to make a decision or you get the license back or you could chop a license from some where else? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean that's not an issue right now. 
Michael L. Savner - Banc of America Securities LLC: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Margaret Whitfield; you may ask your question and please state your company name. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Sterne, Agee. Congratulations. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Margaret, good morning 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Good morning. Could you give us the comparative of what SPIDER-MAN 2 did at that same point in time in terms of revenues? You said SPIDER-MAN 3 exceeded SPIDER-MAN 2. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are not going to give individual sales volume for individual product lines, but I was just trying to do is give people the sense that the SPIDER-MAN 3 is doing very well at retail. It's also doing well from our revenue perspective, but we are not going to give individual product line sales. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. And you mentioned a number of countries where TRANSFORMERS have yet to open, when would those movies... move openings occur? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Generally speaking within the next week to ten days. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the U.K. opens on 27th July; I think Japan is August 4th, so coming up real soon. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: And you mentioned the possibility of a second TRANSFORMER movie, what about other brands, what are you talking about in terms of perhaps GI Joe or other brands in terms of movie's? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, there's nothing we can announce at this point of time. Obviously, there are number of brands that we think have the potential for theatrical release and we are looking into several opportunities now, but nothing that we are in a position to announce at this time. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: So, it sounds like it would not be next year, it would be '09 or later for these additional movies? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes again, there is nothing we can announce at this point in time. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: In terms of STAR WARS, could you give us an update, was there an increase, a decrease, I assume it was a decrease in Q2 year-over-year? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, from March shipment standpoint, STAR WARS was down during the quarter, but it is still exceeding everyone's expectations in terms of where the actual numbers are. And coming in the first quarter of '08 we have the STAR WARS animation. So we are really excited about the brand and it will clear the B1 as the top toys brands globally this year. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. And finally, on EASY BAKE oven, are you going to be shipping out a new modified version and if so, when? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: We will be shipping EASY BAKE oven in the future, but I don't have a date yet as to when we are going to commence shipping. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Probably next year though? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have the date yet. 
Margaret B. Whitfield - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay, that is fair enough. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean McGowan. You may ask your question. And please state your company name. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Thank you, with Wedbush Morgan. Hi guys. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and Sean, how are you doing? 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Pretty good. I am going to hit on a couple of questions sort of being asked, but from the different angle. SPIDER-MAN, are you saying all that you expect there to be meaningful shipments still to happen in the second half of the year? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. Andwould you say that the reserve rate that you are taking against SPIDER-MAN is that normal at this point? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: When you say reserve rate --? 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Well,there is always reserve for mark down money or whatever you put ahead of time, is this just in line with what you would do with any other product? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. I would have thought that the gross margin might show a more of an increase in this quarter. Actually, was where I thought it would be even if I thought that the sales would be where they were thought more of a gross margin improvement and is there something about SPIDER-MAN and TRANSFORMERS that is not pushing up the gross margin as much as like STAR WARS would have? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Not at all, I think EASY BAKE oven $10.4 million. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Is that where that has been, that's was my related question, is that all in costs of sales? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: That's not essentially in gross margin. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: The best part of it. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay, that's big part of it then? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. Tax rate for the year then ex-Lucas warrants. Are you saying that you expected for the year to be 28.1%? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Yes I think so. It's our best judgment in this time and the mix of our profits between high and lower tax jurisdictions around the globe, but at this time 28.1 has to be right now. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. If I take the $36.5 million Lucas charge and I divide it by your fully diluted shares, I actually get $0.22. So what's off on that by your planning? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: I don't know. But we have to sort of do fairly a complex calculations which --. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Which you are happy not to do again? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Right, which we are happy not to do again. So I mean I am sure you going to be covering this later, revised $0.21 or not $0.22. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. Another question related to... could you quantify how much STAR WARS was down the quarter? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we don't want to get in to that but it when you say absolute dollar, percentage wise, it was down probably about what we... actually was down less than we expected and I mean its performing above our expectations both from March shipments and at retail. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then two other questions on the balance sheet, I think David, you said accounts receivable reflects shipments in markets with longer terms, could you elaborate on that a bit? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, our international business was up 49%, our domestic business was up 24% and in general, we give longer terms to international customers, especially when you get down into Latin America. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay, okay. And then, the inventory increase relative to the sales increase, any further color on that? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think we are looking for strong shipments at the beginning of the third quarter at least because we have only just... the TRANSFORMER movies are only just broken and people are coming in for obviously re-orders and we are still shipping it out of TRANSFORMERS, and a lot of momentum in our other brands. So, I think... as Al said, we are expecting our business to be up in the second half, but not as much as it has been in the first half. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: I think we have the inventory to support that. 
Sean P. McGowan - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Thank you. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Sean. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tony Gikas. You may ask your question and please say your company name. 
Anthony N. Gikas - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Piper Jaffray. Good morning guys. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Tony. 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Tony. 
Anthony N. Gikas - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Just a quick follow up here on SPIDER-MAN. First, I think you had indicated that your expectations on that product line, with that it would be a corporate average operating margin, is that tracking in line with your expectation or potentially exceeding? And then second question, may be just characterize the trajectory the TRANSFORMERS is on. You guys tend to do a fair amount of comparison of revenue numbers; maybe you could help us a little bit there. And then third question, just maybe talk a little bit about shelf space changes that we could be expecting in the second half of the year, will you be maintaining all of the shelf space that you've gained, related to SPIDER-MAN? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me take the last two, and then I will let David talk about the gross margin. Yes, I... we will clearly maintain with every shelf space we have right now and probably pick up shelf space in the second half versus a year ago. I would talk about that in terms of also overall categories. But I think our shelf space in the boys' category is it's going to be just fine. Obviously, I think when we you get into the back half of the year, all of the retailers begin to move space around within a given category product, but you don't expect to loose any space in the third and fourth quarter. In terms of the trajectory, TRANSFORMERS is doing very well and it's moving in the right direction, that's about the most I can say about trajectory. David, you want to talk about the GM? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, actually what we said before on we were talking primarily about operating margins, and we said that SPIDER-MAN, we projected it would be as profitable as to rest of our line on corporate average. If it wasn't tax substitution, we took a full out of fixed cost to the extent it was incremental, it becomes very profitable. So I think clearly, it's incremental and SPIDER-MAN would certainly be a good contributor to profit this year. 
Anthony N. Gikas - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gerrick Johnson. You may ask your question and please state your company name. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (US): Hi, BMO Capital Markets. I had a question on royalty expenses, you told me in higher than the first quarter and as the percent of sales about 1 percentage point higher. Now TRANSFORMERS dominated the quarter and had a lower royalty rate and most of your SPIDER-MAN shipments were first quarter, why was this higher... this royalty number higher in the second quarter? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: We still ship fairly significant SPIDER-MAN in the second end quarter as well and we did ship a lot of TRANSFORMERS. And as we said, STAR WARS is continuing to do very well, which is a relatively high rookie item. So I think I said in the call, low teens to high because there were certainly a very high mix of entertainment property and that could be both; SPIDER-MAN, and FANTASTIC FOUR, and TRANSFORMERS and STAR WARS. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (US): Okay. Any update on the share buyback? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: No, no I mean we still got a $102 million I think on open authorization. We did buy during the second quarter and of course we are doing the Lucas warrants, which was effectively a buyback, so no; we would be inactive in the second quarter when we have some outstanding. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (US): Okay and can you also give us the amount of licensing revenue in a quarter or licensing income in a quarter from third party distribution of TRANSFORMERS? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's kind of a number we disclosed here. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (US): Okay. And finally, performance of growth in the quarter, at your expectations and what's the expectation going forward and what I am getting to is are you seeing any competitive pressures from thing like Webkinz or Shining Stars or anything like that? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Our gross business is doing very, very well. As David indicated, it was I think was up 21% for the quarter and that's certainly being driven a lot by BABY ALIVE and in PET SHOP, in FURREAL. And PONY continues to do well, but would it have been higher than that without Webkinz? Probably so, I mean Webkinz is also very popular brand and doing very well in the marketplace. So, we are doing well and we are certainly ahead of our expectations in that regard. Could we have been even higher than that, again without some of the competition, perhaps. 
Gerrick L. Johnson - BMO Capital Markets (US): Okay, alright. Thank you very much. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from David Leibowitz. You may ask your questions and please state your company name. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: Burnham. Good morning. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning David. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: Briefly, what was the currency impact on your earnings overseas? You just showed gross operating number of 11 for us? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: We told you what it was for revenues and the fact is that on earnings it was minimum because, what happens is our overseas earnings were about $11 million. I think we said and so obviously, we have got revenues and then we got a lot of cuts. Well both for revenues and cuts, both get translated it to new rates which are higher than last year. So the revenues were impacted, its over cuts and the profitability impact was marginal. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: Okay. Also the international income is a much smaller percentage of total than revenue. Is there going to be any leveling off or we should we be anticipating international earnings to grow faster? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: You go back in history, how business internationally is more back half skewed than domestically. In addition, fixed costs internationally are slightly higher due to the fact that they don't have the economies of scale that you have in the United States. As a consequence, we tend to be less profitable internationally in the first and second quarter and usually more profitable in the fourth. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: Andthat said David, and if revenue remains at 49% international, is there any target we should be looking for in terms of international earnings? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: We don't give targets really other than we said what we thought, we had this longer term objective to sort of make 12% operating profit and we made a 11.9% last year. I think we said we are on track to make it 12 this year, 12 or better. So, that's as far as we'll grow in terms of any margin objectives. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: In other words, 12% margins international? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: No, globally. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: No, my question was, if we just take the international portion of the business if it's 50... if it's roughly half of your revenue, what percentage of earnings should it represent on an annual basis? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Well I've just said that international tends to be lower than the U.S. because of the relatively high fixed cost. They don't have the same economy to scale and tends to have to have a marketing of sales organization in each of the Europe or global companies. We tend to have to file statutory accounts, impacts accounts, take order separately so you don't have the same economies of scale what we do in the U.S. where we have got 300 million plus consumers serviced by one infrastructure. So as a result, international up operating margins tend to be lower over the full year. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: Okay. That doesn't answer the question, but we'll move on to the next point. 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: I am not going to give you a precise number. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: I am not asking for a precise number, but should it be 20%, 30% I mean there is a world of difference between a lower number, and if it's going to be half of sales, does that mean 40% of earnings or 30% of earnings or 20% of earnings? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: David, if you go through the 10-K, you'll see the segment break out and that talks about the operating profit for the international segment versus the North American segment. I think if you look that over last several years then see what that percentage is. We are going to forecast with that percentage is for this year because; in fact it will be a forecast which we don't want to do. But in terms of what it has been historically, if you go to 10-K which I don't have in front of me at the present time, you can get that break out. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: Okay, I'd like to just point out that you have many changes international including in terms of the management team and manufacturing facilities. As a consequence, I am not sure in the last two or even three years would be a good number, but whatever related to that, let's turn to the TRANSFORMERS movie 2, would you have any rights to the movie itself getting a piece of the action greater than what you have this time? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's something that, we are not going to get into any discussion on, but certainly as we go forward including TRANSFORMERS 2 or any other theatrical property we get involved with, we always take a look at what the economics are and whether or not we want to take more a bigger piece of the action, invest etcetera. Thus far we have chosen not to finance the movie and therefore, not participate to any great degree. Whether or not that changes in the future, we'll take on the case-by-case basis including TRANSFORMERS 2. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: And given again, let's talk ineffectual property for a moment, are you going to have greater revenue this year from out licensing than you did a year ago? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Probably so, but I don't want to get into a forecasting but --. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: Again, I understood, okay. And the last question, in terms of the MARVEL merchandise that's still to be shipped and you said on the SPIDER-MAN you expect a great incremental shipments, is this going to be merchandised that is already out there so you are restocking or is this going to be new SKUs which have not yet hit the shelves? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it'd be a combination of both, but to be a lot probably more new product. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Asset Management Corporation: Thank you very much. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dean Gianoukos. You may ask your question, and please state your company name. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Hi, I just have a couple of questions; first, you had talked last quarter I think about SPIDER-MAN shipments in 2Q matching shipments in Q1, did that actually work out that way? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was marginally down. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Marginally down, okay. And then for overall, MARVEL with that have been up because you chew in or because FANTASTIC FOUR was included Q2 versus Q1? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually when I am saying marginally down; I am thinking of total MARVEL in second quarter versus total MARVEL in first quarter. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Okay. And then how does TRANSFORMERS, just so we can get a sense really, your shipment of TRANSFORMERS, is that bigger than MARVEL or is it smaller? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you are talking in the second quarter or --? 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Yes, in the second quarter. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was bigger. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Okay. And now when you look at the back half of the year in MARVEL, would you expect shipments in the back half of the year to be bigger than the first half of the year? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that cuts in our forecasting, Joe [ph] which we don't want to do. I think generally speaking, when you have a movie property, the heavier shipments tend to come earlier than they do on the back half but, obviously that depends on a lot of factors. So but in our typical planning, we would look for volume to be perhaps down a little bit in the second half versus first half, but that's not always the case, it varies. 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: And with that follow the Excitement around the DVD release and so we will see what the retailers come back for in terms of orders and is a revenue product as well. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Willthat follow through with the TRANSFORMERS too because that was released later, closer to July. Would that make a difference? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, for sure it makes a difference because you are coming out almost two months differential, can say something like the SPIDER-MAN but people back over the years and look at STAR WARS, each and every movie, in each and every year has been a little bit different. I think you start off with Sword [ph] type of movies coming in May, you fill the pipeline, you release and then during the fourth quarter, you can have very good quarters with that, but it may be still down from the first time you ship in and if you are filling up pipeline, but that doesn't happen in all cases. And that's why I am hesitant to say that something would up or down, it depends upon how well the DVDs do and just how well retailers overall, we have certainly seen cases where the back half has been even greater shipment volume than in the first half when a movie has been released in May. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Okay. And then when you said TRANSFORMERS was bigger, were you including licensing revenues. I know you don't want to give numbers, and I totally understand that. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: We were just talking about 20 game shipments. 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: I think also you have to understand that licensing revenues tend to kind of quarter lagged from the shipments by our licensees. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Oh, they do, okay, so a lot of that stuff --. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the TRANSFORMERS was a pretty good brand, before the movie. So we've been shipping all year long sort of non-movie product, the traditional TRANSFORMER line. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: The most of licensee shipment that was shipped then and in the second quarter, the revenues will come in the third quarter? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: That is correct. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, yes, third and fourth quarter. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Okay. And then can you just talk to STAR WARS year-over-year, was it down, better... last time it was in the first quarter year-over-year, or more or either? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that number in front of me, Dean. 
Dean M. Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot, great quarter. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay,thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Conder. You may ask your question and please state your company name. 
Timothy A. Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.: A.G Edwards. Yes, just a follow on little bit on Dean's question there. Can you give us as a percent of total revenues or just an outright dollar number, if you combine SPIDER-MAN, TRANSFORMERS and STAR WARS for the quarter? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we don't release that level of detail. I will say that we said earlier that well, certainly the entertainment properties and by that we mean STAR WARS, TRANSFORMERS and all of the model properties certainly weighed heavily in the quarter. We were also up in preschool, I think David said 19%, girls 21%, tweens is up 5%. So we had good balance across the product line and in both the North American and international segments although with a heavier weighting towards the entertainment properties for sure. 
Timothy A. Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.: Okay. And then along that same line, were your domestic shipments... have you weighted in these entertainment properties given that again SPIDER-MAN has been up there, but you were doing your initial shipments of TRANSFORMERS. And also I think in the first quarter and the fourth quarter conference call you mentioned the importance of SPIDER-MAN and TRANSFORMERS, how that should benefit your business in '07. So in the quarter itself, heavier domestic or international, and then just again color around that? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: It would have been heavier domestically versus international and that has more to do with the -- 
Timothy A. Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.: Release timing? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Release dates because obviously we released July 3rd here in the U.S. and as we said earlier, it hasn't yet opened in Germany, France, the U.K. and Japan. And I think this past weekend it did open in some places in Latin America although; I don't have that tally yet. So you have a later release schedule in some of the international markets. So that will face the shipments little bit differently, what's your second part of your question Tim? 
Timothy A. Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.: Yes, I mean you said I think... I think it was the fourth quarter or first quarter conference call that historically international SPIDER-MAN has done very well and TRANSFORMERS has done well with the products you've had previously and you are anticipating with the movies this should give a significant boost year-over-year to your international business? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: And we still feel that way, I mean, to give an example, gone in Australia, I think Australia retailer has the largest retail in history of Australia and that was driven a lot by TRANSFORMERS, where it had opened, movie had opened. So yes, in terms of the weighting from the international versus domestic ultimately yes, we are seeing that taking place. And certainly by I think year-end it will... that will prove itself out. 
Timothy A. Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.: Okay. And then in general again, you guys had a fabulous quarter here, but in general, can you give us with all your products including the entertainment that were shipped, just a little bit more geographic color, segments that were stronger South Latin America, Europe, parts of Asia? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we need to look international, I mean Europe had a very strong quarter and it represents a significant piece of international whereas, we are just getting started in places like Asia and Latin America; Australia did very well. 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: The growth outside of Europe in international markets but outside of Europe, is actually higher than it was in Europe. 
Timothy A. Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.: Just off of a smaller base obviously? 
David D. R. Hargreaves - Executive Vice President, Finance and Global Operations and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, so if you look at 49% in aggregate, Europe was a bit below that and the rest of the world was above that. 
Timothy A. Conder - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.: Okay, okay, thank you gentleman. 
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from John Taylor. You may ask your question, and please state your company name. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corp.: Hi, I am with Arcadia. Good morning. Hi I have got a couple of questions; so international looks great and TRANSFORMERS was not shipped in a couple of markets. So I wonder if you could talk about what the drivers were in some of those markets. Are there any particularly strong product lines here? And then the second question is, as you are looking at your order book form up for the second half, I wonder if you are noticing any impact from the popularity of research in video game business particularly the... that we, I don't know that you'd be able to identify that but, there's a lot of V [ph] parties going on and are you seeing any of that show up in retailer confidence about the board game business for the second half? Thanks. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of the TRANSFORMERS shipment, it wasn't that we haven't shipped into those markets. I just think the flow of goods was more heavily weighted towards the domestic versus the international during the first half of the year. But we have shipped TRANSFORMERS in virtually all of the markets. I can't think of one where we haven't shipped TRANSFORMERS yet. That said, PLAYSKOOL continues to do well internationally. MY LITTLE PONY, PET SHOP, BABY ALIVE all doing very well; SUPER SOAKER is doing well internationally as is TRANSFORMERS, MARVEL and STAR WARS. So it's good balance across the business. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corp.: Okay. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of video game business, certainly, I think that when video games are popular, all are fighting for share of wallet and if video games are very strong they are going to take a greater share of wallet and they typically would and it impacts lots of peoples business including ours, but that's sort of an intuitive feeling as opposed to one that I could actually quantify.  The board game business, I think we'll have to see what happens during the all important fourth quarter because, board game business is so back-end weighted that's where I think we really see whether or not that's having a dramatic impact. And in the end, I think it all boils down to product. If we look back over the years, we've had strong game years when the video game business had been strong, we have had good... we have had great products. In other years, we slipped when we didn't have a product line and the video game business didn't have a strong year. So I tend to think in general, in individual company it tends to be more around individual products and we said we got a good product line for the fourth quarter, but we will wait and see. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corp.: Okay. Let me follow-up on one, two if I can. So TRANSFORMERS, I think turned out to be better than a lot of people expected and then there were couple of retailers that placed bets on a varying strengths on different properties and I am wondering if you picked up any kind of unexpected retail programs, focus on third or fourth quarter that might benefit that business this year. You didn't expect say 30 days or one month of time? 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think so, I think that there were some retailers who are always cautious about how well movie is going to do and I think that they have been pleasantly surprised by not only the box office, but more importantly the sale of the TRANSFORMERS product line. As I said we already sold full retail of 3 million action figures. With that coming back a lot stronger than it might otherwise have comeback and we see that is a part of the reason we think we can grow the business in the third and fourth quarters. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corp.: Okay, great, thank you. 
Alfred J. Verrecchia - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, let me turn the call back over to the speaker. 
Karen A. Warren - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Shirley. I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today. A replay will be available on our website after 2:00 PM this afternoon. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time you may disconnect your lines.
